 I saw this on the night it opened , and the theater was packed . I 'm not normally a science-fiction fan , so I was leery of going , but I had seen clips of the film at Shea Stadium , where Dennis Quaid came to promote it and to throw out the first pitch on `` Turn back the clock night . '' My friend and I decided we simply had to see it.To say `` we laughed , we cried '' does n't quite capture the emotions this movie evokes . Quaid and Caviezel are both wonderful . It is impressive that they could have so much chemistry while only appearing on screen together for a few seconds . As a lifelong Mets fan , I love how they prove they 're telling the truth by describing what happened in the 1969 World Series.I can not say how much I loved this movie . I call it a combination of Field of Dreams and Back to the Future . It has baseball , parent/child bonding , and time travel . What more could you want ?
 This is a complex movie , slow-moving in places , which bears careful attention to dialog and details , otherwise you 'll be lost -- and you may well still feel lost in places on a first viewing . I have seen it twice and still found myself adrift from time to time . But the premise is so fascinating - parallel time , time paradoxes and so forth , and the execution and acting are so adept , that after a while the film does grab the viewer and does n't let go . Spending time with it is well worth the effort.A friend of mine , a mystery film aficionado , stated flatly after her first viewing that `` Frequency '' is the best mystery film she has ever seen . This is a lady who grooves on Hitchcock , Agatha Christie , Hercule Poirot and the like and who usually disdains science fiction . High praise for `` Frequency '' indeed.I could not get into some of the special features on the DVD . I do n't know if the problem was with the DVD itself or my DVD player . I wonder if others have had a similar problem .
 Caviezel and Quaid star in this fantastic 2000 scifi flick . The story is unique and inspired . John Sullivan -LRB- Jim Caviezel -RRB- begins to communicate with his deceased father -LRB- Dennis Quaid -RRB- in the past via an old radio as the northern lights seem to be affecting the instrument . But as Caviezel begins sharing with his father , the past begins to change . And a serial killer that was once stopped is now on the loose again . Full of heart-wrenching drama , suspense , and danger - this is a must for any scifi fan 's movie library . I previously owned the DVD , and the blu-ray edition is quite a bit clearer and sharper .
 This is by far my favorite movie of all time ... I have watched it no less than a hundred times and I am always reduced to tears during that scene where , finally , John and Frank are reunited ... not the mention the wonderful song during the ending credits by Garth Brooks ... `` When You Come Back To Me '' ... by the way , the music video is astonishing ... This entire movie gives us the kowledge that just one change in our life can make the largest diffference ... It might be science fiction , and not a New York phenomenon ... but it does tell us the power of love and family is still alive !
 An interesting idea that blends family and crime drama with sci-fi elements to make a highly entertaining movie ` Frequency ' is one of the most entertaining films of its kind . Quaid and Caviezel hand in very good performances and make the unbelievable , well ... . believable . Usually these types of films can be confusing and tedious , but because the center story about a boy losing his firefighter father at an early age is heartfelt , it makes up for any minor plot holes . Look fast for a young Michael Cera as John 's son . The DVD has an excellent transfer and there are some interesting extras including commentary , deleted scenes and feature-ettes .
 When a freak aurora borealis causes interferences in the airwaves , a father and son separated by the father 's death are reunited via a shortwave radio.That 's a simple summary of what 's a very complex and heartrending story . Sully -LRB- James Caviezel -RRB- is living in present day NYC in the house he grew up in . He comes across an old shortwave and hooks it up and manages to contact his Dad back in the past . He 's a burned out cop whose relationship is going awry.Frank -LRB- Dennis Quaid -RRB- is a loving firefighter Dad who gets an eerie message from his son in the future . `` If you 'd just gone the other way ... instead of following your instincts ... `` Together , these two guys work to change history ... I first saw `` Frequency '' in the theatre and had to buy the VHS , then upgrade to the DVD . This is one of my all-time favorite films . I have to watch every couple of years , cry , then put the film aside . This is not just a sci-fi story , but a compelling family story that depicts a love that transcends time and space.Rebecca Kyle , June 2009
 Note
 One of those `` new idea '' movies , in-which you have not seen the concept before . Part Sci-fi , mostly mystery , great entertainment . Keeps you on the edge of your seat with suspense . You root for the relationships between the characters ! It is very heartwarming , should bring a few tears to your eyes !
 Frequency is a remarkable movie . I just discovered it and am glad to see that others continue to add their comments here . First , I must applaud the premise - the use of a ham radio as the device that connects father and son in a supernatural way . My uncle was a ham radio operator and even taught classes . It had a tremendous mystique all its own.Dennis Quaid is fabulous . He effortlessly portrays Frank Sullivan , a man who is passionate about his values , devoted to his family , and larger than life as a fireman . The movie opens to this father 's heroic rescue of a pair of workers trapped underground after a tanker crash . He comes right home to the wife he loves , the son he loves -- John , his `` Little Chief '' -- in the home he loves ; he has it all . Moving forward thirty years , we meet the adult John . James Caviezel tears me to pieces in these early scenes as we learn that this father died in a fire 30 years ago . John is a cop working homicide . He is still living in the house he grew up in . He did not completely recover from his father 's death . He drinks to find numbness and his girlfriend -LRB- who he loves -RRB- walks out on him . But he is a good man in his own right . His mother 's phone number is on his speed-dial and he takes the time to stay involved in her life . On this difficult night in October 1999 , as he approaches the anniversary of his father 's death , his childhood friend Gordo -LRB- Noah Emmerich - The Truman Show -RRB- helps set up his father 's old ham radio that they find looking for fishing gear under the stairs . Later , with the aurora borealis glistening overhead , father and son make contact on this radio over the distance of 30 years . Awesome ! My favorite scene on the DVD is captioned `` Catching Up , '' and takes place after a skeptical Frank , up to his ears in smoke and flames , follows his son 's frantic warning that he should `` go the other way '' to safety rather than the death that John remembered . On returning home unscathed , Frank , accidentally wakes his six-year old son , evolving into a joyous bike-riding lesson . He then finds adult John 's voice on the ham and they catch up . At one point , Frank asks adult John if he is still his `` Little Chief '' and James Caviezel 's tearful reply `` I 'm trying to be '' is profound . Dennis Quaid and James Caviezel run with their roles here . They are two great American actors at work.The entire cast is wonderful . Elizabeth Mitchell as wife and mother plays so much love and strength into her role . The screenplay , by Toby Emmerich , brother of Noah , is tight , tender and imaginative . -LRB- The brothers do a great commentary together on the DVD special features . -RRB- The crime-thriller sub-plot is gripping and the ending satisfying .
 Though FREQUENCY is a bit old but has a brilliant story . Everything is perfect . I searched for the complete DVD in our local shops -LRB- in Sri Lanka -RRB- but could n't find . You know , most of the movies are copies and they do n't have the complete stuff -LRB- making the movie , discussions , deleted scenes , etc. -RRB- . About the service of Amazon , I should say THANK YOU . When I put my order it said that the item should arrive between June 14 , 2007 - July 25 , 2007 and I got it yesterday -LRB- June 13 -RRB- . Simply brilliant . This is my second order with Amazon and I will definitely continue .
 I liked this movie , Bit most the times `` unbelievable '' , but definitely was in edge of my seat most the times , and of course very touching in most parts , guess was all in one , if u married , and have children and loves your family or your Owen parents , Then U must see this movie with great cast and acting , And of course `` James Gaviezel '' GORGES to look at in this movie . . ! Just like old says : '' Tall , dark and handsome '' AND HE IS , YUMMY YUM !! : -RRB- Anyway good touching suspense/thriller ride , MUST SEE B +
 Nice surprise ! This flick had much more depth than I had expected and had a really interesting and well-executed plot line . The movie does n't get all bogged down in the `` how this happed '' aspect but instead just sets the rules and jumps right in . Quaid shines as the father . I 'm not one to get emotional at movies ... but was glad I had a handkerchief .
 I had the opportunity to see this movie during its theatrical run this spring . I work for a movie theatre and to be honest , if I saw this trailer one more time , I was gon na barf . But , undaunted , I watched the movie anyway . It was really quite good . The story was fresh & original . Granted , it was a little far-fetched , but it was an intriguing drama . Dennis Quaid is a firefighter in the 60 's with a wife & young son . During a failed rescue attempt , he perishes in a fire , and his son grows up without his dad . Flash-forward to 2000 , and the son is a police officer struggling in his relationships . He uncovers his dad 's old HAM radio , and through freak cosmic circumstances , he is able to communicate with his dad in the 60 's prior to his death . Through their interference , they are able to alter the past , which then alters the future . It 's a race against time in order to set things right in both eras . I do n't wan na give any spoilers away , so I just say watch this film . Very original , and one of the best movies I saw this year . Keep a phone close by , because afterwards , you may just need to talk to dad .
 Changing the past to affect the future may not be a new concept in film , but `` Frequency '' handles it deftly and with heart . The acting is superb , and as far as I can tell the plot is nearly airtight . It keeps you on your toes as the story twists in what feels like six directions at once and keeps you in emotional sync with the characters . The past/present connections are stirring and intriguing , especially the single-flash cuts at pivotal moments . This is one of the few movies about which I can honestly say , `` I laughed , I cried , I was scared stupid . '' Truly the only good movie so far this year . So buy this DVD you wo n't be sorry .
 Like I said , `` Frequency '' has it all
 `` Frequency '' caught my eye a couple of years ago whenever I saw it on the satellite . I missed it when it was out in theaters . I wish I had n't . It is a brilliant tale filled with wonder , mystery , fantasy , and baseball.The story bounds seamlessly between 1999 and 1969 , when the aurora borealis cause a tear in time that allows Quaid to talk to his son -LRB- Caviezel -RRB- via a ham radio . Caviezel manages to tell his father how he will die and what he must do to avoid it . The result is a twist and turn of happenings that would n't have occurred if Quaid would have died as originally planned . With new events underway that make significant changes in the lives of the entire family , Quaid and his son begin to work together in order to set time right . I wo n't say much more than that about the plot , so that I do n't give too much away.Quaid is solid as the lead character , Frank Sullivan . Caviezel does a great job as Frank 's son , John . The rest of the cast , especially Andre Braugher , do an excellent job . The story moves at a good pace and there is plenty of action for folks who crave it.The science fiction is key to the story , but this feels more like a drama than a sci-fi flick . Also , the background story that ties the entire film together , the run of the Amazin ' Mets of 69 , is brilliant to watch unfold -LRB- even though the end result is pretty obvious -RRB- . I consider this flick a wonderful edition to anyone 's collection who enjoys suspenseful drama , science fiction with a little twist , or baseball.Highly recommended .
 I ca n't remember the last movie I 've seen where I actually cheered at the climax of it , but this is it . The ending happens in such a fast-paced manner that you ca n't figure out what 's going to happen until it 's actually happening ! Very few movies keep me guessing until the end - and fewer still surprise me - but this one did both . I highly recommend it .
 I waited a long time to see this film , and all I can say is that it was well worth it . Quaid and Caviezel are very good in their roles . I ca n't help but comparing this film to the 80 's blockbuster trilogy `` Back to the Future '' although the underlying theme here is somewhat darker . It is competently directed , and holds the viewer 's attention from beginning to end . It is a film worth having not only because of the performances from the lead actors , but also because of the very interesting use of imagery in it , and the attention to detail it shows . I believe it demands repeated viewings so you do n't miss significant little tidbits here and there.On the whole , two thumbs up . This is a truly entertaining film . Especially for people who have liked Back to the Future . I recommend it unreservedly .
 this movie is the best there is . it makes you think `` if i could go back in time what would i change ? '' to anyone who has lost a loved one this movie will touch your heart and make you wish your loved ones were with you . the movie also has a beautiful soundtrack everyone should see this movie .
 I 'll say this first off ; I really like this movie a lot . When I first saw it in the theater I was in awe with it . Sure , I 'm not in ` awe ' anymore , but after watching this movie again last night for like the twentieth time I can definitely say that it still warms my heart . I still get that same feeling every time I hear that Garth Brooks song start to play in the closing of this film ; the tears welling in the eyes and this overwhelming happiness comes over me . That said I must admit that this movie has its detractors , they just are n't enough to make me forsake the entire experience.The concept behind ` Frequency ' is one we 've seen done many times before and after . The idea of changing the past is something that intrigues all of us I 'm sure since there is n't one person on the face of the planet without regrets . So here we have John Sullivan ; a thirty-six year old man who lost his father thirty years ago in a fire . His father Frank was a brave fireman who died saving a young girl from a burning warehouse . This tragedy has destroyed John . He walks around like a zombie with no cares in life whatsoever . He still lives in his father 's house , the house he grew up in , the house he never left . It 's interesting to me that his mother has since moved out but John stays behind , maybe further addressing the fact that John is the only one who has never moved on or recovered from his fathers death . He stays in the past in everyway possible . One night his best friend 's son finds Frank 's old ham radio and after tinkering with it John finds that he is able to contact a familiar voice from the past , his father . He soon realizes that he has the opportunity to save his father , to rewrite the past but when he does his future is also rewritten.One thing that I love about ` Frequency ' is that it works at being a better film than it could have been . It could have merely been a film about a son contacting his dead father and working to save his life , but it does more than that . With an intricately woven sub-plot involving a serial killer from the past who was never caught ` Frequency ' manages to keep the audience at the edge of their seats throughout the running time . That is a huge plus . It adds layers of intensity that would not have been there otherwise.As far as the acting is concerned , Quaid steals the show . I 've always been a fan of this man . He 's a very talented actor who never gets the credit or the film roles he deserves . He grabs a hold of Frank Sullivan with all he has and delivers the standout performance here . He masters his accent beautifully , which is essential in this type of role . Elizabeth Mitchell likewise delivers a beautiful performance . She shows a lot of depth even though she has limited screen time and is obviously taking a backseat to the two leading men . Shawn Doyle also delivers , sending shivers down my spine as the suspected killer , and Andre Braugher pulls off an impressive supporting performance as Satch DeLeon , Frank 's close friend and John 's eventual boss.The biggest detractor for me though is James Caviezel . I 've never been too impressed with this actor but here he manages to bore me to tears . I feel nothing from him . His ` depressed ' John is so overly dramatized that he comes across irritating and unsympathetic . I do n't understand why anyone would want to be around him . He 's gloomy and moody and whiney and just a complete and utter mess . James could have played him differently , could have played him better . Sure , after he rescues his father he changes his demeanor a bit but it 's too little too late for me . The second half of his performance is far better than the first , I will say that . ` Frequency ' manages though to still hold merit with me . It 's a much deeper film than it lets on to be and has the ability to touch the heart and warm the soul . The final moments of the film , filled with this heart racing intensity are flawlessly performed and only add weight to the emotionally uplifting baseball game that closes this touching family film . ` Frequency ' is a film about love and loss and that desired reconnection with loved ones ; a chance to right wrongs and make better decision ; a film about getting the chance to live again the consequences and responsibilities that lie within that chance . In that respect ` Frequency ' works on a much greater level than one might expect and deserves to be seen and admired and talked about .
 One of the best movies I 've ever seen , shows good father-son relationship . Very emotional as well . Must have for all .
 This is a true story about . . just kidding . Yes it 's science fiction , but definately intelligent , alot of fun , and finally an original idea . I saw it in theatre 's with my friend and it 's very entertaining and it actually has a plot , great acting , and great actors . I 've seen it many times since then , and it still is a great flick even though i know what happens . I like Dennis Quaid , he made the movie great . It does n't come off as being cheesy at all because of the creativty and acting you enjoy it even though this could never happen in real life , even thouigh alot of us wish it could . It 's a suspense/thriller/sci-fi , and there are a few funny parts like when he talked to himself on the radio when he was a kid , hehe . Great film . . what else can i say
 This is the absolute BEST movie ive EVER seen ! It was so freaky , in a weird but not scary at all way . its not `` Scary '' but its weird to where it can make you think it can really happen . Bringing family back to life like that.What are you waiting for ?!?! You HAVE to see this Movie !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 Frequency , brings to the screen the story of a NY police officer who manages to contact his -LRB- now dead -RRB- father 30 years into the past through an old radio receiver.There are slight hints of the X-Files , and strong/obvious elements of Timecop -LRB- starring Van Damme -RRB- , so the movie falls into the action/adventure/mystery / thriller type of category.Dennis Quaid , James Caviezel , and the rest of the cast have truly outdone themselves with their performances , which are extraordinary to say the least ! All the actors , without exceptions , give it their 100 % and it really shows -LRB- the chemistry is AMAZING -RRB- ! The plot , the setting , the dialogues , and the music , are all WONDERFUL!Very well written and very well presented , the movie is without a doubt worth watching and one to seriously consider adding to your movie collection!In conclusion , it is one of those films that gets you and keeps you thinking long after it 's over .
 I 've been a fan of Dennis Quaid through some good movies and some not-so-good movies , but here is a role just perfect for him , as a 1969 NY fire fighter . Jim Caviezel is great as his cynical , 36-year old son in the parallel 1999 storyline . The time bridge is well done -LSB- willing suspension of disbelief required , but easy here -RSB- and the palpable link between father and son -- the son 's loss at his father 's early death -- is heartbreaking but ultimately life-affirming . Buy it , rent it , borrow it -- but see it . You 'll be on the edge of your seat , but the payoff at the end is worth it .
 * FREQUENCY * I must say , I did n't know what to expect when I got this but , I sure am glad I got my hands on it . It 's a very touching story about a mother , father and their son that hit me right in the heart . Without spoiling it for anyone I 'll just say it 's very much a sci-fi/thriller type movie . It keeps the sci-fi aspect very down to earth and plays more on human emotion and great movie drama . It 's earned a permanent place in my DVD collection.I just wanted to say that FREQUENCY is very good and very smart . I 'll leave it at that .
 The paradoxes of time travel are enough to convince most people that it is impossible , along with warp drive , transporter beams , and lots of other staples of science fiction . Still , writers persist in telling time travel stories and we continue to enjoy them , usually because they are about something else besides time travel . The deciding factor is not the scientific logic of the method of time travel , because ultimately the rationale simply has to be plausible enough to engage our willing suspension of disbelief . There are many people who enjoyed `` Somewhere in Time '' and that involved Christopher Reeves ' character THINKING himself back to the past . In the end all that matters are two things . First , that there is a logical consistency to the rules of the game , whatever they might be . Second , that there is an emotional payoff to the story that is told under these circumstances . This is why the `` Star Trek '' episode `` The City on the Edge of Forever '' and the very best episodes of `` Quantum Leap '' were so fantastic.The script for `` Frequency '' written by Toby Emmerich meets both of those criteria . On the logical consistency axis the twist is to have a time travel story where nobody actually travels through time . Instead the aurora borealis allows a father , Frank Sullivan -LRB- Dennis Quaid -RRB- and son , John Sullivan -LRB- Jim Caviezel -RRB- living in the same house in Queens to talk over the same ham radio set despite the difference of thirty years . On the emotional payoff scale there is the fact that the father died thirty years ago fighting a fire and the son , who was only 6 at the time , is desperate to reach back into the past , not only to save his father 's life but to stop his own life from going into the gutter . Now , that could be an entire movie right there . But for Emmerich and director Gregory Hoblit that is just the opening act of the story , because no good deed goes unpunished and if the old chestnut about stepping on a butterfly in the age of dinosaurs could chain out and change the fate of humanity you can imagine what the saving of a life accomplishes . What starts off as a science fiction/fantasy story suddenly becomes a thriller.I thought the ways the rules of the game were exploited in `` Frequency '' was brilliant from a narrative standpoint . Of course if you change the past you change the future , but in `` Frequency '' this does not happen instantly from John 's perspective . He can tell the new `` memories '' from the old as things change . Granted , this is a dramatic device that comes into play big time in the film 's climax , but that is why the logical consistency matters more than the scientific and the ending is set up by more subtle examples of the principle at work earlier in the film . I also like the way that the 1969 World Series was used in this film -LRB- I got up in the middle of the night to listen to the games on Armed Forces Radio in Japan that year , so I have strong memories of it as well -RRB- and the way that John and his father try to figure out ways of working together to change the past so they have a future.I never took physics , so I did not having any annoying scientific facts gnawing at my brain while enjoying this film , which may be why I had no problem seeing what happened in this movie as being logically consistent . I just understood the rules and thoroughly enjoyed the film . I thought I had the ending pegged , but was pleasantly surprised with what happened instead -LRB- however , on the audio commentary by the director Hoblit reveals that the ending he wanted to shoot was the one I envisioned -RRB- . For those of little scientific faith there are a series of explanations offered on the added attractions on the disc , which includes the usually deleted and extended scenes , and three audio commentary tracks by -LRB- 1 -RRB- the director Hoblit , -LRB- 2 -RRB- the writer Toby Emmerich and his brother Noah , who plays Gordo Hersch , John 's next door neighbor and best friend ; and -LRB- 3 -RRB- composer Michael Kamen . When you do any of those be sure to turn on the trivia captions as well . This is one of those DVDs where any doubts about rating are erased by the bonus features.Ultimately , I found `` Frequency '' to be almost as good as the `` Leap Home '' two-part episode of `` Quantum Leap , '' the best time travel story I have ever seen . That is high praise indeed . Final Note
 Why did n't I hear more about this movie before I watched it ... ??? I do n't know . Maybe I was hiding under a rock.This movie has it ALL , action , great sci-fi , romance and that super special father-son bond that was so perfectly caracterized . Acting was phenomenal , great cinematography ... it makes you fell as if you were right there at all times . The concept was infinitely clever and ingeniuosly developed.My macho pride is nor hurt when I admit I cried to this movie ... the end was just perfect!Now one of my all time favorite movies.Great flick ! Enjoy .
 This is a very good movie , set in middle-class America , and it would be difficult to classify it as it includes a bit of science-fiction , lots of nostalggy , some action , some drama , etc. etc. . The strong points of that movie
 I fell in love with `` Frequency '' by accident . The film 's original promos played up the ` change your destiny ' aspect of the plot more than the father-son bond , and I guess I thought there 'd be some souped-up DeLorean auto waiting in the wings to whisk characters somewhere every 10 minutes . But this film is nothing like that . I lost my mother sixteen years ago and have only bonded stronger with my dad since then , and as such , really relate to the film 's subtler message of re-affirming ties with those you love the most . It does n't hit immediately . When detective Jim Caviezel first speaks to fireman Dennis Quaid , they are understandably confused and pseudo-annoyed with each other , because they do not yet understand what has happened between them . Later , of course , the 30-year paradox is revealed , and a new relationship emerges after Quaid survives a potentially life-ending fire . The duo-logue which follows between father and son over the ham radio is a breathtaking scene , and when it comes to an end -LRB- `` I 'm almost afraid to turn this off - like we wo n't get this back '' -RRB- , I 'm a tearful mess , every single time . But I * am * smiling . It seems that many critics were less than impressed with the story 's sentiment -LRB- not surprising -RRB- , but it 's a wonderful little story which celebrates the nobler side of the human spirit . Buy . See .
 I loved every minuete of it from the beginnign to the end . Touching thriller of a film and the fire scenese were excellent in depicting that time period and everything . The score of the movie is well versed for each moment . Highly recommended .
 OK , great movie with an original story . I still have two questions :1 . After father and son change history and Dad identifys/shoots/chases away the killer , why is the killer never tracked down until the final struggle thirty years later ? 2 . How did the father -LRB- as an older man -RRB- know to come to his son 's rescue at the very end , and why wait so long ? He should have moved his whole family knowing the killer was still out there .
 Just a short and quick recommendation here ... a wild two thumbs up for FREQUENCY , the new Dennis Quaid flick . It 's great science fiction in the tradition of the old Outer Limits series . It really played like an extended Outer Limits or Twilight Zone show , with great character development , suspense and action . It 's also a good mystery!The plot revolves around strange sunspot activity which makes it possible for a NY City policeman to use a ham radio to talk to his father , a former NY City fireman who died 30 years previously in a fire . Taking advantage of the opportunity , the son warns the father of his impending death and saves the man 's life -- altering forever the future timeline in a strange and HORRIBLE way that the two race through the remaining two-thirds of the film to set right.The filmmakers try really hard to put current quantum physics explanations for what 's going on into the film , using an interview with a physics professor with Dick Cavett on the tele in the background on night ... it 's subtle , yet obvious to the audience that their conversation has to do with the events unfolding in the narrative . This of course anchors the film in the realm of science fiction rather than science fantasy or scifi , and gives it an air of suggestible believability that helps propel the plot foreward.It also has one of the most suspenseful and tense opening action sequences of any film I 've seen in recent history -- a definite armrest grabber ! Three solid stars for this entertaining and at times engaging film which at least attempts to deviate from the old cliche ' of time travel plots , even if it fails in a few of those attempts . It 's not easily predictable , but once you get a taste for the director 's methodology , you 'll start figuring things out . And the film 's ending is a bit overly sentimental , with drawn out slo-mo sequences that border on the worst of the old Kodak `` special moments '' tv adverts .
 The first time I saw this movie , I was amazed . Well written , well plotted , well acted movies are distressingly rare in Hollywood these days . But just when you 've given up all hope on Hollywood , a movie like `` Frequency '' comes along to change your mind . In the movie , father and son learn they can communicate over 30 years , to just before the father was killed . With warning from his son , dad avoids dying in a warehouse fire , and he changes history . Within the new timeline , however , the wife/mother is killed . Now father and son must race to protect her , by catching a killer in two time frames at once.This movie is a solid thriller . Combining edge-of-your-seat drama and suspence with heartfelt moments , Emmerich and Hoblit weave a wonderful tapestry of film . The time travel concept , which is difficult to pull off , works wonderfully well , and the filmmakers keep the science perfectly consistent . Often , inconsistencies can ruin a science fiction film , but `` Frequency '' succeeds admirably in that department . Dennis Quaid once again proves himself as one of the most under-rated actors in Hollywood . If you do n't believe me , see `` Far From Heaven . '' -LRB- 2002 -RRB- I highly recommend this movie to anyone.The DVD is full of the usual extras . Nothing extraordinary , but all the standards are here . The commentaries are interesting , and the deleted scenes are standard . The standouts are the documentaries about the science of the film . All in all , a solid DVD .
 I think that Frequency 's screenwriter , Toby Emmerich , set out to write a rather original sci-fi movie script . This he did , but he also wound up creating something more . Frequency is one of the best stories about the relationship between father and son ever . I can recommend it as a sci-fi thriller . I can highly recommend it as a modern American drama.As always , I will give you a short plot synopsis , but I must add that , on paper , the story loses something in transition and seems a bit goofy.John Sullivan -LSB- James Caviezel -RSB- is a cop who lives in the house he grew up in in New York City 's Queens borough . He is a a low point in his life now that his wife has walked out on him . One day he and his best friend Gordo -LSB- Noah Emmerich -RSB- find an old ham radio that John 's deceased Dad owned . One night , during a huge display in the sky by the northern lights , some sort of cosmic disturbance occurs . The fabric of time is altered , and John finds himself talking on the old radio to his father , Frank -LSB- Dennis Quaid -RSB- . Once both of them determine it is not a hoax , John tells Frank , who is living in 1969 , that he would not have died in a warehouse fire if only he had tried to escape the other way . The next day , the anniversary of his death , Frank , a fireman , does turn the other way and survives . Joy soon turns to horror when the men discover that they have inadvertently changed the future . They must work together to prevent an even greater tragedy.It is in the two 's working together that the story takes flight . Father and son are separated by time . All of their interaction takes place through this ham radio , each man sitting at the same desk thirty years apart . The love between the two is so real and so strong that even the hardest of grown men might shed a tear or two while watching the movie . Caviezel is brilliant , and Quaid is better than he has been in years . I think much of the credit goes to director Gregory Hoblit . Most of his experience has been in television , most notably directing episodes of Hill Street Blues and LA Law . His knowledge of the small screen is part of what makes the scenes between father and son so intimate and believable . Also compelling is how each actor seems so much a part of their time . This is a subtle but important difference that only greatly talented people can bring off . Some great performances are also given by Noah Emmerich , Elizabeth Mitchell as Julia Sullivan , Daniel Henson as John at age six , and Shawn Doyle as Jack Shepard , the villain of the movie.INSIDE SHOTS
 You will be at the edge of your seat from beginning to the end . One of the best action films I 've watched in a long time .
 Not only was this a spectacular movie , but Dennis Quaid was absolutely fantastic in this role ! I must have watched this video a half dozen times by now .
 Another good movie . It 's got an original story , good characters , a good script , good music , and much more . Dennis Quaid delivers a performance different from many of his others , but it is as good . If you like murder mysteries , along with time travel and other good things , this is the movie for you.ALSO STARRING DENNIS QUAIDDragonheartThe Right Stuff
 Now this is a kind of movie you do n't come across everyday . A movie with a plot that is well thought out and executed even better . This movie is a lot like Back to the Future but on a more serious note . I love the way they show events in the past affecting events in the future and Dennis Quaid 's performance is top notch as usual . I think he 's getting to be one of my favourite actors -LRB- any one seen him in Dragonheart , he was awesome -RRB- .
 A very entertaining movie . Good script . Different knid of movie . Big Thrills . Buy it !
 I saw this movie when it first came out in the theaters , and I remember literally sitting on the edge of my seat . I promised myself I 'd buy it the minute it because available.Fast forward to 2007 , and I finally got around to buying it in July . It 's as good as I remembered ! From the vivid imagery to the soul-stirring music , this film pulls you in from the start.I know it 's one I 'll be watching again !
 This is a wonderfully nuanced fantasy flick with a bravura performance by Dennis Quaid who plays the father and a compelling one by Jim Caviezel who plays the son.Another reviewer hit the nail on the head when he claimed this film to be reminiscent of a Twilight Zone episode . It certainly has that feel to it . The premise here is a simple one . A son , haunted by the premature , though heroic , death of his fire fighter father thirty years earlier , is reunited with him through an old ham radio which had belonged to his father . He finds himself speaking to his father over the air waves , when an aurora borealis-like solar storm provides a conduit into the past.This connection to the past allows the son to alter the one event which has so profoundly marred his life , that of his father 's death . Over the airwaves he tells his father of the fire to which he will be dispatched and of his impending death . He also tells his father what he needs to do in order to avoid his premature demise . The father is dispatched to the fire about which his son has told him and acts upon his son 's suggestion , forever altering the future.This change , however , alters other events , and it results in his mother 's premature death at the hands of a serial killer . Father and son now go to work in tandem , each in his own time and way , to try to alter this event , forever changing their respective lives . The son , who is a cop , finds that the case which he has been working on is now the unsolved serial killer case involving his mother.As the father effects subtle changes in his respective reality , this causes shifts in his son 's present day reality . While this may seem a little confusing , it is to be expected when you are dealing with time shifts and the ramificatins of altering past events through future information . Ultimately , this causes an interesting convergence of the past upon the present.A nice touch to this film is the fact that it takes place in Queens , New York , home of the New York Mets , and both father and son are die hard Mets fans . More specifically , the father 's death occurs in 1969 , the year in which the New York Mets won the World Series . This will turn out to be a pivotal event in the movie for more reasons than the obvious one . Baseball fans and nostalgia buffs will love its inclusion in the film.This is a wonderful movie which is sure to both fascinate and tug at your heart strings .
 Things change often in Frequency and everything that happens is important -- from the first scene , until the closing credits . This is a very entertaining movie , with well developed main characters and convincing acting . The plot is totally impossible , but after the first few scenes , it no longer matters . Sit back , suspend your scientific logic and simply enjoy this movie .
 Great movie , I first saw it on tv and I would n't answer the phone and I did even make dinner because this movie is so Great U wont want any interruptions ! love it , its what A movie should be ! GREAT GREAT MOVIE BUY IT ! u havent seen a good movie until u have seen FREQUENCY !
 Before I saw this movie , `` What 's your favorite movie ? '' was like the hardest question that someone could ask me.Now , I simply say `` Frequency '' which usually ends up giving the person asking the question a very blank look ... that pretty much explains how good and underrated this movie is.I do n't want to describe the movie , since to me , it would be ruining the experience for you so all I 'm leaving is a general statement : This movie makes the `` What 's your favorite movie ? '' question very easy to answer.The story 's great , the movie 's suspenseful and heartwarming and the actors are great.Great movie to add to your collection or buy as a gift to any age group .
 As in all science fiction books or movies , once you accept the basic premise -LRB- time travel -RRB- , everything else falls into place superbly . Crisply directed , believable special effects and really a fine FAMILY story -LRB- a rarity in these days of `` M. . . F. . k '' crude language and a total absense of discernible plot line -RRB- .
 Loved this movie . So intriguing . Kept me on the edge of my seat , wondering how it would all end . With computer literacy , should n't this be possible ? Science fiction at its best .
 Combining the ` moving ' nature of great dramas with the excitement and tension of great thrillers , `` Frequency '' is about a grown son -LRB- policeman Jim Caviezel -RRB- connecting over shortwave radio with his father -LRB- Dennis Quaid -RRB- thirty years in the past , shortly before the latter died . Communicating through time , the son manages to prevent the father 's death but finds history changed , with the mother of the family now the one who died early and threats emerging to more members of the family in both time periods . Comes off completely believable with great acting and storyflow , highly effective cinematography in the firefight and chase-type scenes , and sparsely used but masterful special effects . Has one of the more riveting climaxes out there , finishing things off with a grand slam . In the spirit and mood of such greats as `` Ghost '' and `` The Green Mile ''
 Absolutely AMAZING ! going into it , i thought it was going to be an absolute bore , as i was dragged by my cousins , but omg it was absolutely AMAZING ! Definately the best movie i have seen in a long time .
 I give this movie a 5 because not many movies compare to this one as far as repeated watchability , and originality . Normally I 'm not into a movie if it 's not completely realistic . This movie however , is where I draw the line . The movie 's plot does seem a bit unrealistic , but who cares . It 's about a guy -LRB- Caviezel -RRB- who 's dad -LRB- Quaid -RRB- , is a firefighter , has been dead since he was a kid.Anyway , his nephew digs up an old 2 way radio that Caviezel and his brother used to use with their dad as a kid . It sparks some old memories , and he starts to use it . The twist here is that you see the Northern Lights shining outside the night he starts using the radio . So he starts talking to a man , who turns out to be his dead father in the past . It 's really intriguing because he tries to change the past , only to find out that it changes more than he could ever imagine . I sincerely believe that you ca n't change the past without altering other future events . The movie then takes you on an intense suspense ride.The movie is an intense thriller with tons of emotion . Caviezel and Quaid really deliver great performances in this movie , and I recommend it to anyone who is as sceptical of UNREALISTIC movies as me .
 It 's a father and son buddy movie ... It 's a science fiction movie ... It 's a serial killer thriller movie ... It 's a baseball movie ... And somehow it all hangs together beautifully , does a good job of portraying the love between a father and son and never gets morose or maudlin . The writer , director , and actors took a formula that sounds like it is ripe for disaster and make a great movie ! Imagine that.Oh , and anyone who pans this movie in their review is just being a stupid schmuck . A movie does n't have to be Fellini , Trufau , Jarmish , Wenders , Kurasawa , or Bergman - yes , I too can be pretentious .
 I can not believe I missed this one during it 's theatrical release.This is one helluva spectacular sci-fi/murder mystery thriller sure to capture the attention of even those viewers who despise science-fiction or find movies dealing with time too perplexing.The key to understanding and appreciating this one is too pay very close attention to details throughout the film.The rest is easy to follow and comprehend.If anyone was given a second chance to re-write their past and that of others to bring back a loved one , despite the multitude of alternate consequences that could occur , would they do it ? That 's exactly the basis for this film . However , detective John Sullivan did not realize just how grave the consequences would become after doing just that by using his deceased father 's ham-wave radio!From here on the real ride takes flight with several unsolved serial killings intertwined ! No pun intended , but time is of the essence in catching the killer and righting a wrong ... This is one of the first time altering sci - fi movies that can pull at the viewer 's emotions or heartstrings when you realize that most of us in a heartbeat would love to have another chance with our dearly departed . The acting by Dennis Quaid is a genuine stellar performance . Jim Caviezel portrays his role perfectly as a man still emotionally and psychologically haunted by his father 's death . His character walks through life in a half-awake , depressed , somber state while letting others sort of trample on him.Every aspect of this film with regards to story , acting , effects are astonishing ! Give yourselves a second chance and rent or buy this dvd ; It may be a keeper in your movie collection ...
 You 'll have to pardon my sappiness but , as a huge fan of movies , particularly action and suspense , I was thrilled when a friend told me about Frequency . He had seen it in the theatre and knew immediately I would love it . He was right ! This has now become one of my five all-time favorite movies . While there are some technical aspects that might make viewers confused , I find that if you are looking to make too much of the technical side of this movie , you wo n't enjoy it for its true meaning.As an adult woman whose father passed away when I was 11 years old , I can more than understand John 's heartbreaking ache for the father he lost too young , even after thirty years . The characters blend well together and are believable but the most precious moment , for me , is the ending at the old ballpark . For those who have seen it youo might agree that coupled with the song by Garth Brooks , this scene brings tears to my eyes and an ache to my heart everytime . If I could have only one wish ... that would be easy - to get the second chance that John does in this wonderful , heartwarming movie . Enjoy !
 The more I saw Garth Brooks 's `` When You Come Back to Me '' video on TV , the more I wanted to see Frequency , although no ads had drawn me to it before I saw the video . When the movie finally came out on video , I searched the town till I found a copy to rent . That night , my roommates and I were glued to the screen . One of my roommates , known for her sociability , actually postponed a phone conversation to catch the end of Frequency . `` I 'm going to have to call you back ! '' she cried into the phone . Of course , I bought the video as soon as I got the chance.More recently , my husband and I were walking in a store when I found a copy of Frequency on DVD for about $ 5 . I could n't believe it and could n't snap the movie up fast enough ! With its fascinating science fiction aspects , issues of emotion and morality , and spellbinding storyline , this is undoubtedly the best thriller I 've ever seen.The bonus features on the DVD are nice , but the absence of Garth Brooks 's music video was palpable on the VHS ; the absence continues on this edition . I 'm not sure why the video is missing , but the movie is still a great buy !
 What can I say that has n't already been said - terrific cast , terrific movie . It 's a shame it was n't promoted properly . This one will always be a favorite .
 All the other reviews will explain the plot etc , what I will say is that It is one of my favorite movies along with my wife 's . It leaves you smiling at the end , One other thing in an Interview Dennis Quaid said New Line dropped the ball because they did not promote it well enough ... I could not agree more .
 What a great film ! I really enjoyed pretty much everything about this movie . Not only did it keep me on the edge of my seat -LRB- which rarely ever happens to me anymore with movies -RRB- but the father/son relationship is one of the best I have ever seen in a film and I have seen quite a few that deal with this theme . Surprisingly due to the sincerity of the performances and the realistic and exciting direction that never seems to let up the time travel angle really works . Within the context of this world/story it is completely plausible and not in a goofy way like say Back To The Future . In this story it serves a deeply rooted purpose . This is a very suspenseful movie and I warn you it can even get a bit scary at times . Job well done by all that were involved in the making of this movie .
 Frank Sullivan -LRB- Dennis Quade -RRB- is a firefighter that dies tragically in the line of duty . Thirty years later , his son John -LRB- Jim Caevizel -RRB- is now a cop whose life is a mess . The film opens on the eve of the 30 year anniversary of his father 's death . John 's childhood best friend Gordo -LRB- Noah Emmerich -RRB- comes over to cheer him up , and they drag out Frank 's old ham radio . Due to a phenmenon called an `` aurora borealis '' John soon realizes that he is able to speak to his father Frank thiry years in the past where the same phenomenon is occuring . Since the death of his father has not yet happened , he is able to warn Frank about the accident . However , saving Frank 's life also alters the course of a serial killer which effects John 's entire family . John 's current investigation is the same unsolved case from 30 years before . Now John and Frank work together over the radio to solve the case and avoid the tragedy that happened to their family.Frequency remains one of my all time favorite movies . The acting is phenomenal !! Jim Caevizel gives the best performance in the movie as John Sullivan . The love for his dad that he shows as well as the determination to solve the case is amazing . Dennis Quade continues to amaze me with his versatile and brilliant roles . Frank Sullivan is no exception . I love the way that he shows love for his son , and how he must become like a cop even though he is a firefighter . Noah Emmerich adds a nice touch to the story with Gordo . A suprising performance was given by Elizabeth Mitchell who plays John 's mom Julia . Andre Braugher always does a good job and continues to with Satch . The villan of the story is played by Shawn Doyle . He gives a very impressive performance that will shock you ! The story itself is brilliant . It involves many elements . The love between father and son , a murder mystery , and the scientific phenomenon of the aurora borealis . Some timetravel movies suffer with due to lack of explanation . But as the movie goes on , memories of both lives -LRB- the one with Frank dying , and the one with him alive -RRB- are shown . You get to see John 's life on both timelines , as if they both merged to create the present . This lets us see where the chages were coming from and why they were done.With amazing performances , an incredible script , and an action packed story , Frequency is a treat to watch . It puts an interesting spin on the time travel genre ! The DVD is a must own because you not only get the movie , but great special features . You get to see featurettes , deleted scenes , and much much more
 Many others have already summarized the plot of this movie , so I wo n't bore you with those details.All I 'll say is that Frequency contained a few surprises , a lot of heart and solid acting by Dennis Quaid and others . I enjoyed it tremendously -- so much so that I bought the DVD and have watched it three or four times already.Even though the main focus is the relationship between father and son -LRB- separated by 30 years since the death of the father -RRB- , this movie of the heart does n't shirk on matters of the head . More scientific in its foundation than Field of Dreams -LRB- which simply featured a magic cornfield that enabled the living to interact with the dead -RRB- , Frequency still manages to make the viewer wonder and wish -- and yearn for second chances with lost loved ones.If you like your movies to be intelligent , well-acted and able to employ both your heart and your mind , you could do a lot worse than Frequency . I highly recommend it.If you do n't want to take the plunge and outright buy it before you see it , rent it first . However , I think you 'll enjoy it enough to want to own it . So just skip the middle step and order it from Amazon today .
 Time travel movies are always hard to pull off , and even though `` Frequency '' leaves a lot of unanswered questions , one can not deny how effective and touching a film it is . Buoyed by the fantastic performances of Dennis Quaid , Jim Caviezel and Elizabeth Mitchell , the story is mesmerizing and thoughtfully executed . There are several scenes of rare poignancy in depicting the relationship between not only a father and a son , but also a family who truly loves each other.Hoblit 's direction keeps things moving well , as we experience a parallel time type of scenario . Things going on in 1969 are paralleled with the actions in 1999 , and it 's unique the way the story shows John acquiring new memories as things change in 1969 . By the end of the movie , my mind was buzzing with questions . By that time , however , it 's not that important . The ending is so satisfying that you ca n't help but want to stand up and cheer.One big crime , though , is the Academy Awards ' error in not even nominating the beautiful song , `` When You Come Back to Me Again , '' written by Garth Brooks . In an era where songs are merely added for padding or to sell soundtracks , this song appropriately supports the whole theme of the story . What a shame!Anyway , this is a great movie . It 's tender , suspenseful , witty and ultimately a real sleeper !
 This movie came out on video a few months after my father died . I saw it at the Blockbuster , rented it and , needless to say , I cried like a baby . Having gained a few years ' perspective and lost a bit of grief , I still like this movie just as much as when I first rented it -LRB- and bought it soon after -RRB- . Even without all my emotional Samsonite , it stands on its own two feet as a great movie . The performances were excellent . The incomparable Andre Braugher , one of my dad 's faves from `` Homicide '' , and Randy Quaid 's kid brother ws n't too bad either :--RRB- . In defense of Jim Caviezel 's supposedly `` wooden '' performance , he was playing the character exactly the way it should 've been played . As an emotionally crippled man who 's been shell-shocked by the horrible cards Fate has dealt him . I identified with his character very strongly when I first saw it . On a personal note , this movie kinda jumpstarted the healing process for me when I was feeling lost , and for that reason , this movie will always be on my shelf . Any format they decide to come up with
 I enjoyed `` Frequency '' very much!There are many factors in this movie , sci-fi , crime suspense , thriller , drama and time paradox . I think the director managed to handle these various elements deliberately . I had never seen such an acrobatic , but emotional drama.When John appeared in 1999 , I was puzzled about why John was so depressed , almost an alcoholic . But in the progress of the story , I understood that when John lost his father , he lost his spirit and guts , too . I was deeply impressed by the ties that bind father and son together . As John talked to his father and got new memories , he got back his spirit.Jim Caviezel acted the complicated character well . He did n't over-act , so this movie succeeded as an emotional drama , I think . Dennis Quaid acted the perfect father very well , too . Because of his acting , I could understand that John 's life has been so sad without Frank.I want to watch the movie again . Although I know the unexpected twist at end , I will enjoy the emotional scene in this acrobatic story better .
 After seeing the incredible Count of Monte Cristo , I looked up this film costarring Jim Caviezel hoping for an okay flick . However , it definately exceeded my expectations !!! Caviezel is John Sullivan , a young cop living in Queens in 1999 . His father -LRB- Dennis Quaid in a great performance -RRB- Frank was a firefighter who died thirty years ago in a warehouse fire . However , John is given everyone 's dream of getting a second chance to fix the past !! By some strange phenomenon concerning Northern Lights , John is able to talk to Frank in 1969 , over his father 's old ham radio , and on the eve of his father 's death warns him that he will die tomorrow . Although Frank is unconvinced that the voice on air is his son from the future , he `` goes the other way '' and escapes from the burning warehouse . Not interested yet ? Because Frank did not die in the fire , his wife , a nurse , accidently saves the life of a serial killer . Unfortunately , back in 1999 , a horrified John discovers that mother has been murdered by the said serial killer in 1969 !!! It 's up to John and Frank , in a father-son collaboration , to catch the killer and save their wife/mother before the killer gets to both of them first . This is really an interesting and absorbing movie , and I guarantee you 'll be hooked until the very end !!! *
 I ca n't believe it ! I had caught bits and pieces of this movie on cable , but it never caught my interest , AT ALL . Then , one day , I happened to catch it at the beginning . That was all it took ! I was completely engrossed -- so much so , that when it came on three hours later on another channel , I found myself riveted to my seat yet again , for the entire show . Something that 's never happened to me before.As someone else mentioned , this is definitely a movie to watch over and over again -- all the subtle details just ca n't be picked up in one viewing.Fine performances by all , including Shawn Doyle -LRB- the killer -RRB- , whom I had n't seen mentioned in the other reviews I read -LRB- of course , I did n't read all 160 + reviews !! -RRB- . I can tell this will be one of those movies that I 'll hound all my friends and family to watch !
 The premise for this first-rate thriller involves a New York fireman and New York policeman father and son duo who work together to save lives in both the future and the past . FREQUENCY is based on the idea of shifts in reality occurring in the present as a direct result of communications over short wave radio between a police detective here in this present time -LRB- Jim Caviezel -RRB- and his father in the past -LRB- Dennis Quaid -RRB- during times of heightened solar flare activity.This movie works because it is internally consistent , even as it stretches one 's concept of what can be possible . I enjoyed watching this movie on several levels , as the father and son get to know each other by talking on a ham radio during a spectacular display of northern lights ... and race to stop a killer before he strikes again.I especially enjoyed the way the police detective in the film describes how it feels to have several different memories after reality shifts . In one scene , John Sullivan -LRB- Jim Caviezel -RRB- talks with his dad , Frank Sullivan -LRB- Dennis Quaid -RRB- , on a ham radio . John describes how he recalls both the memories of how his father died in a burning warehouse and also the memories of how his dad rescued a woman and emerged unscathed from that same fire . John says in amazement , `` I remember both ... at the same time . It 's like waking up from a dream and you 're not sure what 's real . I remember you being here , but I also remember when you were n't . `` This film is especially meaningful for anyone seeking insight into that phenomenon when your keys , purse , or sock are n't where you know you left them . The bonus features on this DVD are also highly enjoyable and include excellent scientific commentaries on the subject of solar flares , the aurora borealis , and string theory .
 I have to say that the plot to this movie is original . It makes you realize that one decision you make can change your life completely . I really liked the pace of it , and I felt involved watching it . Because of the nature of the plot , you can not really predict what will happen next . Five stars !
 A victim of a bad marketing campaign that made it seem like a warm , fuzzy , family ties movie , FREQUENCY is actually a thriller darkened considerably by the main plotline , a murder investigation that involves the collaboration across a 30 year time gap via a ham radio between a police detective and his deceased firefighter father , with an oddly moving performance by Quaid as the father . Plays kind of like a old Twilight Zone episode colorized and lengthened to feature film .
 Now for those of you who think you 've seen all the formulas that Hollywood has to offer , this is the movie for you.It 's a cross between `` The Sixth Sense '' and `` Fields Of Dreams . '' Starring Dennis Quaid as the deceased father from the sixties , and James Caviezel as his son in the present , who accidently start communicating via HAM radio during a freak Aurora Beorealis.It 's a very intresting look at how just one changed historical event in a person 's life can cause a ripple effect that can create havoc in that persons present day existence.Ladies , I highly recommend this film , it is a great father/son movie , for it 's been known to make grown men cry .
 Despite the suppossed flaws , this is a great movie ! Since all films require us to enter the world of the characters , the problems with the inconsistent science behind the film matters little to me . Or perhaps , it 's that we have to be able to explain every bit of a movie like this , or we feel it fails . NOT TRUE ... Watch this movie . The son and father relationship is really solid and makes the movie both an emotional and exciting trip .
 I remember one review that described Frequency as intended for people who thought Field of Dreams was good , but really could have used a serial killer . It 's a flip comment , but it actually gets to the core of the movie pretty well . There 's the exploration of the father-and-son relationship between Frank and John Sullivan across the decades -LRB- and the fact that Quaid and Caviezel can put that relationship across without appearing together on screen is quite the accomplishment -RRB- , and there 's the cop-suspense story about the hunt for a serial killer preying on women . The stories are handled with care , and for the most part the script does a good job of establishing the rules of its fantastic premise and sticking with them . -LRB- There are a few slipups , as the screenwriter notes on one of the two commentary tracks . -RRB- Stories that involve altering the timestream almost always end up sinking under the weight of paradoxes , and Frequency does to an extent , but for the most part the film holds up . And because it has that emotional core to fall back on , one or two imperfections in the plot ca n't detract from it.I 'd give the movie itself 4 stars ; the fifth comes from all the extras that New Line packs onto this disc , including two commentaries , a copy of the shooting script , and various storyboards and other effects info . This one is worth spending some time with .
 For those of you who missed this film in the theatres , now you have the chance to see one of the most under-rated films of the year . This movie really makes me think about family , and how we often take it forgranted . Sure thats a little sappy , but this story really gets to me . It asks the question , what if you could change the past , and how would it affect the present . Now I do n't have anything major I would want to change at this point in my life , but still , the premise is neat to think about . The story has a wierd angle to the reasons behind this strange occurance , some may get turned off this movie because of it , but if you take the movie for what it is , I 'm sure you will really enjoy it as I do . The dvd contains some interesting extra features as well , which made this worth purchasing for me .
 I dare anybody to watch this entire movie with a dry eye , its very touching especially to those who have lost loved ones at a young age . The movie travels at high speed never letting up till the credits start rolling.The low down on the film is this , John Sullivan a young imbittered cop -LRB- played flawlessly by James Caviezel who in my opinion is an actor with unbridled talent and ability who keeps impressing me in each movies he 's in -RRB- is able to come in contact with his father over an old ham radio his father -LRB- played by Dennis Quaid who is at his best in this film -RRB- thirty years in the past by a freak electrical storm which occuring at the same time in the past . I do n't want to give to much away but it gets into the whole theory of time travel and the paradoxs that could occur if someone meddles in the past , one tiny little eventcould be catastrophic to the future and so forth . This film is a rare gem and I highly recommend it to everybody .
 I watched this movie years ago and just purchased the DVD from Amazon . I loved it as much as the first time I saw it . Very exciting and keeps you on the edge of your seat . I enjoyed the ending very much .
 No matter how many times I watch this , it is so terrific . There are twists and not a moment of dullness . Great story , great acting , great movie !
 Great movie . If you know anyone who likes Jim Cavezel or Dennis Quaid and likes some mystery or time travel , then this is the movie for you . It was perfect for my husband and I loved watching it again .
 This movie has great suspense a few shockers but very good . I had my husband watch and he thought he would n't like it but he enjoyed it .
 Good price , quick delivery . I enjoyed the movie since I am a new Ham Radio Operator . Although it was a fantasy it was an entertaining story . Thank you .
 VERY well done movie !!! I liked it very much . I had to wonder though , about some of the scenes concerning the ham radio as I am a amateur radio operator and noticed some &#34; far fetched &#34; scenes with the radio in its operation . Still a very good movie . I highly recommend it .
 I love this movie !! In the detail of movie information said that this movie does not have spanish subtitles , but it has !!
 great story line and what a twist , keeps you on your feet and keeps you thinking , the ending was very nice
 very creative and well-made thriller.it is surprising viewers.when u leave cinema -LRB- or closes dvd/video/vcd -RRB- u are thinking it is worth paying 2 $ -LRB- or renting or buying -RRB- . for third dimension flick-buffs .
 I loved this movie . . It reminded me of the classic Twlight Zone Episodes Plus on the DVD there is a nice Subtitle feature which makes the movie like an MTV POP UP video ...
 Two movies for the price of one . Dennis Quaid is a loving father/firefighter who sadly dies in a warehouse fire . 30 years later his son -LRB- now a police officer -RRB- is able to talk to his long lost father on his dad 's old radio . The reuniting of these two is the first movie , the second is the amazing story of stopping a murderer . Now that his son is a cop , Quaid is navigated by his son through the past to stop the `` Nighting Gale '' murderer . In the end , Quaid is reunited with his son after surviving the cruel past . With amazing twists and great onscreen acting , `` Frequency '' is one of the greatest movies I have ever seen . You cry , you smile , you laugh .
 I did n't expect much of this movie but I was pleasantly suprised . This movie actually touched me . This is something that rarely happens because I am usually into action movies like Predator and Die Hard . I wish I saw this one in the theater . I 'm glad to have it on Dvd though . The extras are great .
 At LAST ! - Hollywood has produced a movie that says the father has an important role in his son 's life . WONDERFUL !
 WoW ! Great movie ! Ok ... its a tad hooky and it moves a little slow ... -LRB- Just a little -RRB- but there are parts that keep you watching the whole way through that are just intense !!! Of course when the plot begins to unfold you are on the edge of your seat the rest of the way and the ending is unbelievable ! I was just amazed at how wonderfully entertaining and clever the entire movie was . If you watch this movie STAY FOR THE END because this movie makes you feel great !
 This is one of the best pictures I have seen in quite a while . It is one of those that you want to immediately watch a second time .
 Frequency , is the best movie of the year 2000 , it has everything , lots of action , great perfomances , and it 's quite very smart , the only problem is the plot twists and plot holes , but still it 's quite an excellent , movie , it 's sooooooo great , that i watch it a lot of times on DVD , and by the way , the DVD edition it 's also very cool , the trailer , is very cool , and it 's recorded on Dolby Digital 5.1 Surround audio , unlike most trailers on DVD 's , also they are some deleted scenes , and extended scene , such as the one , when there was a Noah Emmerich cameo , and a extended scene when little Gordo talks to John on the radio , also a behind the scenes documentary , and the DVD-Rom features , are great , they contain the script , the original theatrical website , a `` Lord of the Rings '' web browser , a playable game demo of `` Ground Control '' , this is truly a great movie and a great DVD , too bad that there is n't a DTS Digital Surround Sound .
 This film it 's completly fantastic , the perfomances are great , lots of action and suspense , the DVD was also very cool , and so the DVD-Rom features , you will definetly love this movie , and by the way all fathers and sons must see this movie !
 How best to describe `` Frequency , '' one of the most pleasing and interesting films I 've seen in a long time?To start with , it gives a fresh and fascinating approach to time travel . It stars Dennis Quaid and lesser-known James Caviezel as father and son . To sum up the story , some sort of phenomena allows father and son to communicate through time over an old CB radio.The film is simultaneaously heart-warming and fascinating . It 's part murder-mystery suspense that will keep you guessing 'til the end on a thrilling roller-coaster ride , and it 's also part science fiction that will leave you pondering circumstance and chance & make you wonder how the small decisions you make in life ultimately effect the timeline , and it 's also a good old-fashioned story of family and love and baseball that will make you feel like the American Dream is a real thing and not just an ideal of the past . `` Frequency '' is simply a wonderful film that is sure to please all types of viewers . It is emotionally satisfying , with a nail-biting and intelligently written plot , and enough action to please mainstream audiences.With that said , go watch the movie . I do n't want to give any more away . It 's a wonderful , brilliant movie , and the DVD itself is fabulous .
 When you first see the preview you think it is kinda of a drama , but it turns into an amazing suspense film . The last 20 minutes are very tense . The first and middle of the film lets you put the pieces together and moves very quickly . The film is very well crafted and well worth the money , BUY IT you wo n't be disappointed , this is a great movie .
 Frequency was one of the greatest science fiction movies I 've seen in a long time . The story was incredible and kept you on the edge of your seat throughout the movie . The plot was incredible , something I 've never seen in a sci-fi movie before . This was a cross between `` Back to the Future '' and `` Field of Dreams '' . A movie unlike any other , it opens up your mind to the vastness and complexness of the time-space continuum and the idea that time is what you make of it , that your destiny is yours alone , that one person is significant , and that one life can impact so many others in such a large way . It 's a great family movie , and an excellent thriller that teaches us that the love between a father and son can surpass time itself , and be something greater than anyone can imagine .
 Review of the $ 30 Canadian version
 What a great movie!I 'm thinking THIS is one of those films that IS N'T particularly popular BECAUSE * : * BECAUSE it is a 1999 film , it has n't been seen by a lot of people . * BECAUSE it is difficult to describe as it hits on many levels
 Bring Me Home ChiefFrequency is a love story , a fantastic story about the shared love between a father and his son . The connection between the two is deep and abiding , forged by a fireman 's need to love , protect and guide his son , and a son 's need for the safety line of love only a father can provide.But John 's father is killed in a fire wherein he heroically tries to save a young , runaway , lodged in an abandoned warehouse . For over thirty years , having grown up without the protective love of his father and then tragically without his mother 's love , young John Sullivan is lost , adrift at sea . A picture of depression , he can not find the strength to love anyone else and scarcely himself ; he is stuck in time.John , like his father , is a protector ; he is a cop searching for a solution to the Nightingale serial - murderer case , a case which connects both his mother , his father and ultimately himself . Across the warped , phenomenal channels of time , Johnny is miraculously connected to his father via a ham radio , on a frequency spanning the thirty years distance between them . With John 's knowledge of the events of time and working as a cop , can John save his father , protect his mother , bring his loving family together , and redeem himself?As I watched the movie again , I heard something in the final scene I had not attended to before . Johnny 's dad , finally reunited with his family , is on third base , when he calls out to Johnny
 *** spoilers *** What would you do if you realized you had the means to communicate with the past ? What actions would you change ? Would they be for the better for all?This story surrounds a fireman father , dead 30 years , now communicating with his adult son via a ham radio . The son is able to avert his father 's fate , but with a terrible twist
 I only saw a portion of this and it had me glued to the screen . I immediately had the thought to pick up a copy and now I can say from experience that it is really great ! If you can let go of reality for a few hours you will really enjoy it .
 Once you get over the plot device that drives this movie , you 'll find a surprisingly interesting and intriguing story.A son talks to his father 30 years into the past via a ham radio that is transmitting thru time due to an atmospheric disturbance.Unlike many movies where glitches in time can cause the past to change , and people are wary of that , the idea of not altering the past does n't even come up in this film.Can the son , by talking to his father in the past , save his father 's life ? His mother 's life ? Stop a serial killer ? You 'll find out , in a very well acted and suspenseful movie that keeps you on the edge of your seat and keeps you guessing how the meddling in time is going to next effect events.The ending is satisfying on two different levels . Just watch and enjoy .
 a very intense movie . i liked it . it shows that all actions we take now have effect on the rest of our lives . i loved both baseball and the northern lights playing a part in the movie .
 Having advanced degrees in neither Physics nor Metaphysics , I accept entirely the possibility that all the events transcribed in this satisfying opus could have happened and may well happen in the future . With the exception of the quite prosaic mode of communication between generations , all the action is a matter of everyday occurrences carried out in everyday style . The success of Director and Cast in maintaining that spirit of ordinariness is one of the two chief elements in carrying the day for the film . The second , even more important , is the prayerful wish fulfillment provided by the fundamentally ritualistic character of the film , that death does not sever the connection of generations and that nobody truly dies . Whatever the secular character of our minds there is always lurking at those deepest level of the human psyche the need to believe that neither we nor our loved ones die . It is at that level , through the fine work of the cast and the creators , that people felt much of their pleasure in the film.Maybe not ! At any rate , it is a film redolent of all those in movie history which have sought to convey the message that time and death can be defeated ; it does a good job for what it seeks to be ... something not quite as dramatically penetrating as Hamlet .
 When I first saw the trailer to this movie at the theater , I wanted to see it . It was a new premise I had not heard of yet , it looked interesting . I have always been a science fiction fan growing up . I loved time travel stories -LRB- i.e. Back to the Future , Star Trek -RRB- so this looked promising . Little did I know that it exceeded my expectations . This movie was a sleeper , but should have been a blockbuster . Though the cast consisted of mainly unknown actors save Dennis Quaid , the story is solid , character development is excellent and the action is well done . Quaid and James Caviezel did a great job with their characters - the father/son relationship . The supporting actors did a good job too . One thing that was excellently done was the handling of temporal discrepancies that arise from stories involving time travel or alternate universes . Minute details are carefully shown , and in different instances questions that the audience might have are explained . Everything holds together . The ending was incredible , one of the few movies that kept me guessing until the end . I thoroughly enjoyed this movie in the theater , and again on DVD . Now regarding the DVD , I think everyone should go buy this movie after reading this because it 's too good to not have in your library . The extras are good , with deleted scenes and commentaries and what not . Overall , go buy this movie because it 's one of the best movies of 2000 . Buy it !!!!!
 Frequency is a movie that entertains , thrills , and stimulates , but all that can be ruined if you think too much about it . Dennis Quaid plays Frank Sullivan , a firefighter killed in a fire in 1969 . Thirty years later , his son , John -LRB- played by James Caviezel -RRB- , finds his father 's old ham radio . Through the miracle of the Aurora Borealis -LRB- how many of THOSE do you see in New York ? -RRB- , they manage to talk to each other through the ages . Through this communication , John saves his father 's life , but he changes history so that a famous murderer is back on the lam , and he is going to kill John 's wife . So far , so good . But soon after , inconsistencies pop up . All in all however , this movie is a fine story that was short-changed in the theatres . I would recommend it to anybody who likes these kind of cross-time magical movies .
 This Movie is not just a good action story it has everything . After seeing all these dumb movies like `` The Perfect Storm '' This makes up for it . Its a great story with 2 great actors . The way things happen in the end and through the beginning is great . I think i am the worst in rating movies because some movies the get great reviews i think it ... but not this movie . Its like all your favorite movies put together !! BUY THIS !
 Frequency Grabs hold of you from start to finish and never lets go even after you 've turned off the T.V. . Frequency has something that is so subtle and heartwarming , that it puts itself in line with some of the great movies of the past . I even wonder how I let myself miss it at the theatres . Luckily I have Finally seen the most Underated movie of 2000 . It 's a pity that it has n't been noticed or even thought of for an Oscar hunt . Frequency really makes you think about the past and the future , and what someone could do to change or alter them both . I read the back of the box recently and it puts it plain and simple , It reads '' What if you could reach back into time and change the one event that forever altered your life ? Would you do it ? And what would it be ? '' The movie starts with -LRB- Dennis Quaids -RRB- character -LRB- Frank Sullivan -RRB- performing a heroic yet almost tragic rescue . Frank is a Fireman in Queens NY with a wife and son . The movie than shoots to the Future as Franks son John Sullivan -LRB- Jim Caviezel -RRB- is 30 years older living in his childhood home . He find that he has some of his Dads old things , which bring to pass that we find out his father died in a fire when he was six . A scientific phenomenon opens a channel to the past for John ... 30 years exactly . Shocked to find that he can communicate through an old Hamm radio his dad had to the past , John is able to change an event that alters other events . The communication from the two leads to solving past murders and attempting to set the future different and for the better . Thrilling and Suspensful yet still able to make even the toughest Sons and Dads jerk a few tears . Frequency will make you think about your own life and what things of the past might you do different if you only new better from the future . Best Picture Calibur Movie , and Great Performances by Quaid and Caviezel . The Dvd extras on this New Line Platinum series will put shame to other extras . Great commentary and added features . DD 5.1 with the anamorphic display really capture the movies intent well for anyone like myself who missed it in the theatres .
 The year 2000 was a banner year for New Line Cinema , with the releases of such successful movies as the science fiction thriller `` The Cell '' and the horror film `` Final Destination . '' One of the movies among this group of terrific releases is `` Frequency , '' which takes a scientific occurence and turns it into a genuine thriller with tons of surprises and twists . With a truly original plot and a cast of superb actors , this is as good as thrillers get.Police officer John Sullivan is having a tough spot in life . He ca n't stop thinking about his father , who died thirty years ago when he was a small child . Being a firefighter , Frank Sullivan cares for his wife and kids as much as any husband and father can , so when someone starts using the same frequency as he is on his ham radio , he becomes even more freaked out when he starts realizing that he is talking to his son who is 30 years in the future . Likewise , John is also confused yet exhilarated that he has the chance to talk to his father , and when he gives Frank a piece of information that saves his life , newspapers and family photos magically transform to show his life prolonged until the 80 's . However , when a string of murders is set in motion in 1969 , Frank and John must work together to catch the murderer before he can reach his next victim
 This is a wonderfully nuanced fantasy flick with a bravura performance by Dennis Quaid who plays the father and a compelling one by Jim Caviezel who plays the son.Another reviewer hit the nail on the head when he claimed this film to be reminiscent of a Twilight Zone episode . It certainly has that feel to it . The premise here is a simple one . A son , haunted by the premature , though heroic , death of his fire fighter father thirty years earlier , is reunited with him through an old ham radio which had belonged to his father . He finds himself speaking to his father over the air waves , when an aurora borealis-like solar storm provides a conduit into the past.This connection to the past allows the son to alter the one event which has so profoundly marred his life , that of his father 's death . Over the airwaves he tells his father of the fire to which he will be dispatched and of his impending death . He also tells his father what he needs to do in order to avoid his premature demise . The father is dispatched to the fire about which his son has told him and acts upon his son 's suggestion , forever altering the future.This change , however , alters other events , and it results in his mother 's premature death at the hands of a serial killer . Father and son now go to work in tandem , each in his own time and way , to try to alter this event , forever changing their respective lives . The son , who is a cop , finds that the case which he has been working on is now the unsolved serial killer case involving his mother.As the father effects subtle changes in his respective reality , this causes shifts in his son 's present day reality . While this may seem a little confusing , it is to be expected when you are dealing with time shifts and the ramificatins of altering past events through future information . Ultimately , this causes an interesting convergence of the past upon the present.A nice touch to this film is the fact that it takes place in Queens , New York , home of the New York Mets , and both father and son are die hard Mets fans . More specifically , the father 's death occurs in 1969 , the year in which the New York Mets won the World Series . This will turn out to be a pivotal event in the movie for more reasons than the obvious one . Baseball fans and nostalgia buffs will love its inclusion in the film.This is a wonderful movie which is sure to both fascinate and tug at your heart strings .
 The two best movies of 2000 were , coincidentally , the ones that received the most mixed reviews by their audience . Besides wonderfully acted and directed screenplays , `` Unbreakable '' and `` Frequency '' do n't have too much in common , but they both demand that the audience pay attention and follow the story . I think that is why you see a few negative reviews on this site and others , and I am incredibly disheartened by what they have to say . `` We all know that time travel is not possible ... '' - one review says . Well actually it IS theoretically possible , but that is not the point . More than that , though , if you are that much of a skeptic , why are you seeing a movie about a man who is able to communicate with his father , who has been dead for 30 years ? You know going in that this is a Science Fiction/Fantasy movie , in the spirit of the `` Twilight Zone '' . Sheesh.As for the DVD itself , I just bought it and I have to say that I love it . New Line went all out on this one , providing commentary by the director and actors , as well as a neat little `` science behind the movie '' segment . It was really interesting to see how this wonderful movie was put together . I honestly believe that this is one of the best movies I have ever seen , and it is one you can not pass by . Get it today !
 I was n't sure what to think of this movie on reading the synopsis , as movies which alter the realities of time as we know it are usually far-fetched and cumbersome . But this one really surprised me . Whether the premise is believeable is not even an issue here since the goals of the film are loftier . It 's really about family , specifically the relationship that could have been between a father and son , and heavier theme of the consequences of our actions , even down to whether we take one hallway or another . It does make you think.As for the entertainment value , the scene near the end of the movie where good and bad guys meet is very suspenseful , though it does stretch the imagination a bit -LRB- ooh , the hand ! -RRB- . The characters , specifically Dad as played by an always entertaining Dennis Quaid , are endearing and you want to see this family together . In the end , the film does not disappoint . James Caviezel does justice to the adult son who drinks too much and could have used a bit of wisdom he never got from his Dad.Other than a few loose ends that led to dangling questions after the movie , it was well done and highly recommended .
 So what would you do if you could communicate with your father thirty years in the past one day before he is killed ? Would you warn him ? And if you did , would he believe you ? This is the dilemma for John Sullivan , -LRB- Jim Caviezel -RRB- a thirty-something Queens detective who has spent the last thirty years lamenting the loss of his fire fighting father -LRB- played by Dennis Quaid -RRB- . Through some vaguely explained phenomenon they begin to talk through time over his dad 's old ham radio . As they talk , and the reality of his fathers looming demise sets in , John warns his father about event that are about to unfold . Skeptical at first , John 's father Frank , quickly becomes a believer . Franks escapes the terrible fire , but the repercussions on the future are shocking and unexpected . I wo n't tell you what these repercussions are , but I will tell you they are very interesting and thought provoking . `` Frequency '' does a good job of exploring the `` what if '' factor , but also stresses the `` No man should know too much about his future . '' princible . Quaid and Caviezel develop a pretty good chemistry as father and son , and the emotion between them seems real enough . -LRB- Though the New York accents seem a little too thick at times -RRB- I have two problems with `` Frequency '' ; the first is that it takes a little too long to get going which is a product of such a far-fetched story . It takes a lot of up front information to get the audience up to speed . But having said that , once the story does take off it keeps you interested . The second is just a couple of time line inconsistencies that I had trouble explaining , but then again maybe that 's just me . All things considered , I did like and enjoy the movie , and even more the second time I watched it . If you do watch this film I would recommend watching it twice . I think you will be able to enjoy it more once you have a firm grasp on the premise . I do n't know that this would be a movie that I would buy , but I 'm definitely glad I rented it .
 If you love time travel , action thriller moives with a VERY awesome ending SEE THIS MOVIE ... . i saw it four times at the theater and got goose bumps at the end every time
 I first saw Frequency the day it was released in theatres , after I saw a preview that got me extremely interested in the movie . I did n't know quite what to expect , but what I found was well written movie , with excellent acting performances and a very gripping storyline , a truly enjoyable moviegoing experience . The story focuses on a cop named John Sullivan -LRB- played brilliantly by James Caviezel in a breakthrough big screen performance -RRB- who lives in Queens , NY in early October 1999 , which happens to be the date of an appearance of a phenomenon that allows John to communicate with his father Frank -LRB- with a very solid and emotional performance from Dennis Quaid -RRB- , on the same radio , in the same house . The interesing part is that John talks to Frank thirty years earlier , merely days before Frank , a firefighter , dies herocially trying to rescue a person trapped in a blazing fire . Frank and John end up making catastrophic changes in the timeline , which leads to the brutal murder of John 's mother -LRB- in an excellent performance from Elizabeth Mitchell -RRB- only days later in 1969 . The movie is really a combination of several different elements . First of all it focuses on a father-son relationship between Frank and John . The interaction between Caviezel and Quaid is superb , and leads to some of the films most emotionally moving moments . The emotion is skillfully achieved , as Caviezel and Quaid do n't act face-to-face , but across a HAM radio . The interplay between the two time periods really adds to the movie without overshadowing the its story . Frequency also combines elements of suspense , action , mystery , and tense drama . Frequency covers all of the bases , and does so very skillfully . This brings us to the DVD disc itself , which comes from New Line Home Video , who completely loaded the disc with a huge amount of special features , including many interesting DVD-ROM features that can be accessed by any PC with a DVD-ROM drive and PC Friendly installed . If you do n't have PC Friendly on your computer , the DVD will install it for you if you so choose . The disc also has deleted scenes , as well as several feature legnth commentaries -LRB- by the director , producer , and actor Noah Emmerich who plays the adult Gordo , John 's best friend -RRB- . The disc also includes an interesting original documentary , as well as a trailer and animation galleries . If you are are willing to let your mind go a little bit to accept the science of the storyline , it actually becomes a fascinating part of the movie . This movie would definitely be a worthy addition to any DVD collection . Frequency also offers an extremely exciting and rewarding finale that will not disappoint anyone who watches it . The bottom line is this
 This review refers to the New Line Plarinum Series DVD edition of `` Frequency '' ... I consider a good thriller , one that not only keeps me on the edge of my seat after the first viewing , but one that keeps me there with every viewing . `` Frequency '' is one of those , that no matter how often I watch it , it takes it 's hold on me from the first frame and wo n't let go until the last . It 's more then just a thriller though . It 's some fabulous Sci-Fi entertainment with great special effects , it 's the poignant story of a special bond between father and son , and there 's lots of heart pounding action sequences as well . Add to that one fabulous cast including Dennis Quaid , Jim Caviezel and Andre Braugher , a fresh take on time travel , and you are in for 2 hours of some fine entertainment.A Police Officer John Sullivan -LRB- Caviezel -RRB- , by a miracle of nature , is able to contact his father , Frank -LRB- Quaid -RRB- , on an old ham radio . The miracle ? ... The Northern Lights make a rare appearance in New York . What 's truly amazing is that his father died thirty years earlier fighting a fire . He is able to change the course of history , by forewarning his father about the tragedy to come . But by changing the course of history , John and Frank may have unleashed an evil chain of events yet to come . They most work together , with the time they have to stop a serial killer.The DVD is a great buy . The transfer is gorgeuos . A wonderful widescreen presentation that takes in all the action and special effects in brillant colors . It made be viewed with DD5 .1 Surround , which brings it all right into your living room , and it also has an option for DD2 .0 . A ton of features include deleted scenes , a documentary , `` The Science and Technology Behind Frequency '' , Commentary , you can isolate the score , and much more -LRB- see buying info for complete list of extras -RRB- . There are subtitles in English , and the snap case unfolds to some production notes and a few scenes from the film . You really get more bang for your buck with this great package.It 's a film that will have your heart racing one moment and the next will evoke a lump in your throat at the touching moments . It 's got something for everyone . It 's rated PG-13 , but parents may want to view it before hand , as some of the scenes are quite violent.It 's A Definate Keeper ! ... Get the popcorn ready and enjoy ... Lauriealso recommended : -LRB- see my reviews for details -RRB- Die Hard Trilogy Letterbox EditionL.A . Confidential - Special Edition / The Usual Suspects -LRB- Special Edition -RRB- -LRB- 2 Pack -RRB- One False Move
 This highly imaginative science fiction thriller is an entertaining mind bender of a film . Toby Emmerich 's story takes a fresh approach to the time travel angle . Rather than having people traveling through time , Emmerich has them communicating through time using a Ham Radio that has been augmented by an Aurora Borealis . Ok , there are n't many Aurora Borealis events as far south as New York City , but there is n't any trans-time communication noted in the scientific literature either , so we need to allow the story a little latitude.After we accept the premise , this ingenious plot incorporates many different elements to entice the viewer . There is the human angle of a son speaking to his dead father , the many twists resulting from altering the ribbon of time , and the solving of a thirty-year-old serial murder case . The various elements are combined effectively by director Gregory Hoblit -LRB- Primal Fear , Fallen -RRB- to produce a fast paced action thriller with sufficient character development to bind us emotionally to the characters . The fascinating thing about the detective story is that the facts of the crime keep changing in unexpected ways each time John -LRB- James Caviezel -RRB- imparts something to his father -LRB- Dennis Quaid -RRB- that causes him to change history . In addition , the action sequences are well done and the visual effects , especially the digitized Aurora are nicely rendered . The aging makeup is also realistic.The acting was excellent as well , though the New York accents were pretty bad . Dennis Quaid alternated between the goofy and endearing dad and the action hero , and managed to keep it from seeming incongruous . This was a breakout performance by James Caviezel , who heretofore has been confined to minor roles . His was a very emotional and tense role and he handled it extremely well . I was also impressed with Elizabeth Mitchell who gave a vivacious performance as John 's mother.I enjoy a good intelligent science fiction thriller . Lately , science fiction has been subsumed into the horror category , since you seldom see a science fiction story that is n't an excuse to hack up some cast members . This film was more in the tradition of Twilight Zone , relying more on an inventive story than grisly effects to capture the audience . That 's why I rated this film a 9/10 . With luck , this will inspire a return to more creative science fiction .
 Without a doubt , this movie will appeal to both men and women -LRB- when 's the last time you agreed on what movie to watch ??? lol -RRB- . Anytime Dennis Quaid is in a movie , I 'm guaranteed to watch it and this one did n't disappoint . I found that everytime I * thought * I had it figured out ... I was wrong . It kept me guessing throughout . Which is good because it was n't predictable . The constant `` shift '' of events in the past kept changing the future that the movie because suspenseful and interesting.I remember reading a review of this movie before I went to see it . The reviewer said that just about every man that sees it will come out of the theatre remincising about their childhood and especially their father . Sure enough , my husband talked about his dad almost all the way home from the theatre.Buy it ... . you will love it !
 Dennis Quaid and Jim Caviezel are so good in this movie . They play father and son able to communicate via an old ham radio even though his father passed away some thirty years ago . The explanation for this is due to unusual auroral activity and the effect it has on electronics . They discover they have the ability to change history by sharing information when John tells Frank how he died in the line of duty , so many years ago . They work together to stop a serial killer that was never caught , and that now threatens their family in both the past and present . Very on the edge of your seat suspenseful , and entertaining !
 The year 2000 was n't very good in the movie department . Remember the Titans and Frequency were the only good films I 've seen that came out that year . Frequency just so happens to be the most underrated year of 2000 . Still , both are excellent movies that one -LRB- who is old enough to stand a few scenes of violent/gorey content -RRB- should consider viewing.Frequency is the story of John 's -LRB- James Caviezel -RRB- realization that he can talk to his presently dead father through his old radio . Through this new discovery , John saves his father 's , Frank 's -LRB- Dennis Quaid , who also gave a great performance in the wonderful movie Dragonheart -RRB- , life , which triggers a series of serial murders . One of the new victims include Frank 's wife , and John 's mother . While trying to save the other victims , the two have to find out who the serial killer is , and stop him.This movie is just a classic . It makes you laugh , makes you cry -LRB- I ca n't remember if I did , but just in case I did , I 'll mention it anyway -RRB- , and makes you remember how important the family is . I highly recommend this film . Oh , yeah , one more thing-I would recommend watching this movie twice or watching it with someone who has watched it before and can explain what 's going on before passing judgement . Luckily , I watched this movie for the first time on home video and had my mom with me to explain things to me -LRB- she had already seen it in movie theaters -RRB- . Also , if after watching Dennis Quaid 's -LRB- as well as everyone else 's -RRB- great performance , and you want to see another excellent movie he 's been in , I would highly recommend Dragonheart , which is also featured on this website .
 This movie is fantastic . I watched it in theaters , and on video , and you just keep noticing more and more details that add to the movie , rather than detract . The story is about a cop in 1999 who finds a ham radio , but when he starts talking on it , he finds out he is communicating with his father -LRB- who has been dead thirty years -RRB- . It turns out that he is talking with his father across time , and in the past , it is the day before his father was supposed to die . So the cop in 1999 -LRB- named John -RRB- decides to warn his father , and repercussions occur in what makes for a very suspenseful and very cool movie.The acting is good , with strong performances by Dennis Quaid and Jim Caviezel , and also the actress who plays John 's mother -LRB- I ca n't remember her name at the moment -RRB- . But there is also some top-notch technicality in this movie . In my opinion , if nothing else , this film deserves an Oscar nod for two features
 `` Frequency '' was one of the many surprise hits of 2000 . I was a successul mixture of suspense , action , Science Fiction , drama and a father-son realtionship movie . What best descibes the excitment of `` Frequency is the idea it asks ... what if?What if you had the opportunity to communicate with a family member , that 's been dead for 30 years ? What would you say ? What would you do ? And what if you had the opportunity to change the past and the future ? John Francis `` Little Chief '' Sullivan , portrayed by the talented Jim Caviezel -LRB- `` The Count of Monte Cristo '' , `` Angel Eyes '' -RRB- , is a 36-year old police detective who 's going through a period in his life where time is a bad one . His girlfriend just left him and his job is not cutting him any slack . On the night of the 30th aniversary of John 's father 's death , a fire-fighter who died 30 years ago in a warehouse fire , the Aroura Boleias spreads over Queens , New York , where John lives in the house he lived in as a kid . He then finds his dad 's old HAM radio in the closet , which is uses soon enough . He comes into contact with a mysterious person who claims to be Frank Patrick Sullivan , John 's dad . Little does John know is that he IS John 's dad !!! Apparently , the Northern lights transmitted the frequency from the radio , all the way back to 1969 ! Frank , played by acclaimed actor Dennis Quaid , is a 1960 's fire fighter , the night before his death , when he contacts John in the future . John ultimately warns his father about his death and he avoids the catastrophe . John 's life is then radically changed . Every night , he talks to his Dad over on the radio , which he has n't talk to in over 30 years . But the next night after they mae contact , John makes a shocking discovery that his Mother , Julia Sullivan -LRB- Elizabeth Mitchell -RRB- was murdered only weeks later in Frank 's time . John and Frank now must chase after the murderer before it happens to Jules , in order for them to live a life they dreampt of . `` Frequency '' is a touching and fast paced story that never ceases to stop entertaining . The DVD includes several bonus material , including a documentary on the making of , Theatrical trailers and a DVD-ROM that includes a game demo and others . I love the main menu on the DVD , where it plays the Main Theme over and over . Great DVD , even better movie .
 I found this movie absolutely amazing . When it came out I do n't think it recieved the audience it deserved , but after hearing how good it was I searched it out , as everyone should . This movie is so well woven , not just a mystery , not just a story of a father connecting with a son , but all this and much more , done in a beautiful , un-campy way . I would not consider this a `` time travel '' movie , but quite differently one of hope . Of a man just wishing for a bit more time with his parents , a man searching for some kind of happiness in his life . Well scripted , well acted , and complete , I highly recommend this movie.What bothers me is that some reviewers on this page have expressed bluntly that they will not see this film because of the recent role Jim Caviezel has portrayed in the film `` The Passion of the Christ . '' Certainly everyone is entitled to their opinions . But my heart goes out to these individuals , that they would be so quick to shun , and even criticize a film such as `` Frequency , '' a film that they have not seen , and would miss out on just because they can not separate the actor from the role . And to say that Jim Caviezel would bring `` an evil '' -LRB- as one reviewer explicitly states -RRB- to this film makes me sudder at the closed-mindedness one could posses . I 'm not here to address `` The Passion of the Christ , '' but I will say that by judging blindly , one can miss out on great experiences .
 Do n't discount Frequency for it 's far-fetched plot . -LRB- A son makes contact with his deceased father 30 in the past using an old ham radio . -RRB- It works for this movie . After the son of a firefighter learns he can communicate with his father through an old radio , he warns his father of his impending death , and thus changes history . While this bodes well for them , others soon become victims of a serial killer , who had disappeared before their interference with time . Father and son work together to solve the mystery of the serial killings , racing against the clock to save a loved one who is now to be the next victim.This movie is a fantasy . It 's about family , and how being ripped apart from the ones you love can affect your life . It 's a heartwarming story , filled with suspense , action , humor , and drama . There 's a wonderful score , and an finale that has to be seen to be believed . This movie is highly recommended .
 I loved this movie , both for the time travel angle and the father-son story . My dad died when I was 6 ; I cried watching this movie thinking , `` I wish I could talk to * MY * dad . '' The end really points up the beauty of a whole family ; sure -- we make do without all the `` parts , '' but I liked how this movie showed the value of a father-son relationship and the value of generations of families supporting each other . Also a really good suspenseful movie .
 when i first heard about this movie , i wanted to see it . however , that feeling quickly vanished . i finally watched it after visiting the video store one day and not wanting to leave empty-handed . boy was i suprised and amazed . i love this movie . dennis quaid and jim caviezel have a fantastic connection as father and son , even though they only have one scene together . they become their characters completely . i very much enjoyed the multiple plot scenarios starting with john -LRB- caviezel -RRB- trying to protect frank -LRB- quaid -RRB- from the latter 's reversable doom . the increasing suspense kept me literally quivering on the edge of my seat . i also was pleased with the strong family relationships among the characters . the love that frank and julia -LRB- elizabeth mitchell , in a great strong woman role -RRB- display in the kitchen as they dance is a forgotten concept in the majority of movies these days . this movie touched me on all levels . i highly recommend this movie as a family film . just be careful around the kids ; there is a little bit of profanity .
 In Frequency , Dennis Quaid is a firefighter in Queens , in 1969 . His son John , at 6 years of age , dreams of one day becoming a police officer . Due to some kind of bizarre transgression of the laws of physics , associated with unusually prominent aurora borealis , he and his adult son John find themselves communicating by shortwave radio , from 1969 to 1999 , and back . John saves his fathers life , by warning him about an impending disaster he will face in a burning building . But somehow , something about this act has changed history , and caused a psychotic killer to continue killing , although in the normal course of events he would have died , thereby ceasing his activities . Together , Dennis Quaid and James Caviezel must find the killer , and stop him , before he kills their respective wife and mother.I found this to be quite an enjoyable thriller . The mere fact of having the father -LRB- Quaid -RRB- be an incredibly brave fireman , and the son -LRB- Caviezel -RRB- be a homicide detective , guarantees plenty of action right off the bat . The shortwave radio is a cool little device , it worked for me . There are a few scenes where the director shoots slow motion sequences of falling objects from the past and present simultaneously , leaving their synchronicitous moment of impact to imply a change in history . This was slightly overdone , I thought , but still basically effective . I really enjoyed some parts of the soundtrack , particularly the song played during the closing credits . All the supporting actors are very good as well . Noah Emmerich reprises his trademark role as the protagonists buddy , constantly offering brewskis , which he perfected in The Truman Show , and in Beautiful Girls.By the way , the physics professor they show being interviewed on television by Dick Cavett , to explain the aurora , is apparently named after a real superstring theorist , named Brian Greene . Anyone out there who enjoys the science part of this movie , and would like to learn more , should look for Brian Greenes very readable book , The Elegant Universe.Basically , this is a very fun thriller . Worth checking out .
 I just saw Frequency and was quite impressed.Parts of the film sent chills down my spine . Both the casting and the acting were extremely good in this movie . Jim Caveizel -LRB- who played the homeless addict in the less-than-stellar Pay It Forward -RRB- is perfect for the part here , as is Dennis Quaid for the role of his father.The film is about a policeman in Queens , NY , whose firefighter dad died in the line of duty when he was six years old -LRB- in 1966 -RRB- . Thirty years later , on an October night in 1999 , as he is fiddling with his ham radio , the now 36-year-old son hears a voice coming from the radio that is somehow familiar . Unbeknownst to both men at first , his father is on the other `` end , '' and is speaking to him from 1969 , the day before he is to be killed in the fire . When the son -LRB- `` John Sullivan '' -RRB- figures out that he 's speaking to his father , he quickly tells his father about the terrible fire that will occur the next day , and tells him about the fatal mistake his father made 30 years before , in an effort to prevent the tragedy and save his father 's life . Luckily , the plan works , and the Senior Sullivan -LRB- `` Frank '' -RRB- , changes his actions accordingly on the day of the blaze and survives the fire . Unfortunately , the fact of his survival changes things beyond either of their imaginations . Everything the father does now that he is alive will affect everything else , since he `` was n't supposed to be there . '' This is an interesting part of the film , because I 'm sure people often think , `` what if I/they had done that instead , where would I be now ? ... what impact would that have had on the world , or on other people 's lives ... . would I have met my spouse/been in an accident/avoided an accident ? '' etc , etc. . . A parallel storyline is that John -LRB- the son -RRB- is working on a case involving a serial killer who goes after nurses -LRB- the `` Nightingale Murders , '' they 're called -RRB- . But after he saves his father 's life , his mother -LRB- a nurse -RRB- suddenly disappears from the family pictures ... and he has to find a way to save both her -LRB- in the past , through communicating with his father -RRB- and any other of the serial killer 's victims , -LRB- and also figure out the identity and whereabouts of the killer , in order to save them -RRB- . The plot may sound a bit silly and outlandish in such a brief description , but the actors and the details play this out so well that it becomes a riveting , suspenseful film . The film makes up for any deficiencies in the realism -LRB- of radio time-travel -RRB- with an engaging story , lots of well-paced action , and characters who are played so well that you care what happens to them , and want it to be good . It is an interesting journey into `` what-if 's , '' and even though those of us who have lost a parent may cry for a second at the end when that soft , country song plays , we will be better for the experience of the film , as it is a nice story -LRB- ie
 `` Frequency '' is one of the year 's best films and unfortunately , will go unnoticed in 2000 . It 's a touching , first rate drama that combines science fiction and family drama via a ham radio . Caviezel plays John Sullivan , an NYPD detective who contacts his dad , Frank Sullivan -LRB- Quaid -RRB- thirty years into the past . As a result , their contact results in a trigger effect of events that will affect both their lives and they 've got to do something about it . My mother said she loved the film because it 's about the bond between a father and son . Everyone I 've talked to has something positive to say about `` Frequency '' and when I finally saw it , I loved it . It touches on the subject of father and son working as a team and trying to race against time . One review said `` Frequency '' is finally an excuse for grown men to cry because of it 's story . `` Frequency '' is definitely a film you should see with your dad and your mom regardless because it 's a very touching film that tugs the heart strings . Quaid is always good at playing Everyman characters that people can identify with an audience and Caviezel shows his talent as John . Definitely a film worth watching .
 I just wanted to say that I , too , thoroughly enjoyed this movie . From start to finish , it truly keeps you on the edge of your seat . It is one of the few movies that moves me in that special way - the kind where you brace yourself every time the scene changes . From the very first scene , the suspense does not stop . It 's the first movie in quite a while to make me feel this way . Eight thumbs up to its creators .
 Yes , I 'll say it again - the script is flawless ! It is smart , consistent , silly at times but or-so-sweet , it is very well thought trough and most importantly , it respects the viewer . Some people say that the `` time travel '' part has holes in it and is not believable `` if you think about it '' . Well , if you really HAVE to think about it , then please do and this time use your imagination - you shall see that everything , even the ending makes perfect sense ! Do n't forget that nobody knows what time travel would really be like and so , unless you have your own hypothesis , take the film 's premise and use it as a basis for you `` analysis '' . This was the most enjoyable movie experience I had in years . It is important to mention that I never mix up Movies and Art like many people do here , and this one being a very fine Movie and an exceptional entertainment gets 5 stars from me .
 I love time travel stories . In this one , nobody actually travels through time ; rather , a father and son communicate with each other across the years . Doing so causes some unexpected and tragic changes in the past , which they are then honor-bound to set right if they can . I suspect that some mighty big plot holes would open up if I thought about this one too hard , but the basic concept is so appealing that I was willing to go with it . There is also a good , solid human relationship story at the core of this science-fiction thriller . A very entertaining film .
 I will start this by putting my name first to the list of `` Frequency '' lovers . Saw it this past weekend and I was blown away ! Although it drags some toward the beginning , when it gets going , IT GETS GOING ! This rates as not only my favorite of the year but one of my all time favorites . Get it , Get it , Get it !
 This wonderful movie is a real sleeper ! I never heard of it before my sister saw it on cable and alerted me . It 's just a quality story from start to finish . Good acting , good directing , fabulous 60 's sets , intricate plot that left me on the edge of my seat for the last half of the movie ! I think the plot was tight and without holes . One reviewer asked why the killer waited 30 years to make his move ? Well , it was because he did not know that our protagonist knew of his crime until very shortly before the killer attempted to kill our boy . That 's the nature , and the fun , of these `` time '' conundrums . I actually could not spot a hole in the plot that could not be explained by examining exactly what who knew when ! Loved it and will watch it again .
 This is one of the few satisfying movies I can remember seeing . Apart from loving Dennis Quaid , who puts in a great performance , I like this film for its unabashed good storytelling . It is tense because it allows us to grow incredibly involved with the characters . Moreover , apart from the usual coincidence thing , the science fiction plot does n't have holes . May you enjoy this movie as much as I did !
 Let me ask you a question
 Once you watch this movie you will find yourself hitting the rewind button and wanting to watch it all over again . Two of the best acting performances in a movie belong to Dennis Quaid and James Caviezel . For those of you gentlemen out there with a special father/son relationship , this is the movie for you .
 This film is one of the best I 've seen . The sequence of events keeps you hopping -LRB- do n't blink ... you might miss something ! -RRB- . The fire fighting scenes are excellent . Dennis Quaid and Jim Caviezal give great performances . The story ... what can you say about the story ... awsome . As one reviewer puts it
 A great movie with multiple plots . I watched this movie twice in one day the first day I owned it ! Great acting by Dennis Quaid . Great story line , and a good music soundtrack too . I only buy videos & DVD 's of those movies that I think will stand the test of time , and I 'll watch again and again . This is one of them .
 `` Frequency '' kept me on the edge of my seat . The movie is a wild story that keeps you thinking `` Where is this gon na go next ? '' . The movie twists and turns and keeps the watcher waiting in suspence until the very end . Mets fans will definitely appreciate this movie , especially the fans who were around to see the 1969 World Series . The writers of this script are very creative and I ca n't imagine coming up with this plot . All I have to say is watch it.The DVD is good ; it offers the theatrical trailer and deleted scenes and a full length commentary by the director . It also includes a facts feature . Very good movie , very good DVD .
 I am 14 years old , and I may be a little young for a movie critic . But take my word for it , Frequency is one of the best movies I 've ever seen ! I saw it in a hotel in Phlidelphia , when my parents and sister had nothing really to do . So we ordered this movie for $ 9.99 . But , whoa , this movie is worth far more than 10 bucks ! It 's a brilliant time-warp adventure , a powerful love story , and a gripping thriller -- all in one movie . Wild , intricate , powerful , and amazing ! Frequency is a masterpiece . Buy it immediately !
 Frequency rocks . Dennis Quaid delivers like never before . This is a must see movie for anyone who 's interested in changing-the-past stuff . Worth the purchase .
 This movie was very fascinating to me . The idea of time travel , time/space mixing , etc. makes it so mind boggling . Dennis Quaid did an excellent portrayal of the father , willing to do anything to protect his wife , and to keep his son . The love between the father and son is very touching . I have n't seen many family based , yet action-packed adult based movies lie this one . Aside from some very graphic photos shown in two or three scenes , the movie is very clean . I would definetly recommend it to anyone old enough to understand and appreciate it !
 A mix between back to the future , contact and the new fashion of the serial killers films ... difficult combination but ... they succed . You have all in one film !
 Even if you accept the basic premise of this movie , a re-connection between long dead fireman father and still grieving policeman son via ham radio , you will find something profoundly illogical in some of the individual scenes . That does n't prevent it from being extremely moving thanks to beautiful flat-out emotional performances by Dennis Quaid , Jim Caviezel and flawlessly cast supporting actors . Look for an extraordinarily moving fire rescue scene . Some of the suspense set pieces worked into the story are superb.This film definitely overcomes its narrative flaws.Walmer Road in Toronto puts in a fine appearance as a street in Queens , N.Y.
 This movie is a feel good , science fiction movie with a murder mystery and plenty of action woven into it .
 -LSB- Slight Spoiler Alert -RSB- This is a great movie . The sci-fi aspect of it is very minimal and only serves to underscore the message of the rest of the story . Just how far would you go to save someone you loved?When I saw it in theaters , I thoroughly enjoyed it . It has good action . It 's a great thought exercise . I just loved Quaid -LRB- as always -RRB- . It just had the perfect combination of elements . When I got it for my brother for Christmas however I was surprised by the reaction my mother had after we watched it with the whole family . She was just sobbing at the end . I figured she would enjoy it , but I did not expect that kind of reaction.In hindsight , though , it is completely understandable . The scene at the end where Quaid shows up to save his son is actually very affecting . The constant rift of time between a young man an his father creates a very unusual but effective separation . They can talk to each other , but that 's it . At the end , however , the breaking of that barrier just at the time of greatest need for one of them creates a very emotional scene.Watch it . Love it .
 Frequency is a totally different story-line than the usual fair anda much overlooked fantastic movie . It certainly never received theattention it should have . It is a movie you 'll never forget anddefinately want to own . If it seems slow at the beginning , staywith it -- it gets really dramatic and when you figure out what isgoing on , you 'll be intriqued . Great Movie !
 This is truely good movie . It 's an ambitious film and one does have to be amazed that it was ever greenlighted . It 's a family drama , science fiction , and a suspense thriller and it all works perfectly . Now , you do have to be able to suspend disbelief but if you can manage that , you will enjoy this film .
 Frequency is a film of many genres . It 's as much an action film as it is a mystery thriller . It 's also a well cast and acted drama and science fiction film . The DVD has great sound and video and its special features are as good as the movie itself . The `` science behind Frequency '' feature is an especially well done explanation of ham radio and communications . If this film sparks an interest in you for the hobby of ham radio , there are many resources available to help answer your questions . The ARRL -LRB- The National Organization for Ham Radio -RRB- and the W5YI sites may be good places to begin . Ham radio operators who help others enter the hobby are often called `` Elmers '' . My call is K1TLC and I am an Elmer . As such , I 'd be happy to help you learn more about our hobby . Both the movie and the hobby are highly recommended .
 There must be loop holes in this film but it was so darn good I wont even bother looking for them .
 This movie is incredible . I do n't know why I did n't see it in the theatres ... I guess I was just kind of resistant but my friend brought it over the house and I watched it and right after I watched it , I watched it again.It 's a movie that you can really never tire of because it 's a movie that entertains the delightful question of `` What if ? '' We all would like to change things in our pasts . We all have hidden regrets that we would like to change if we could and if we changed that one thing , maybe our whole lives would be different.But we should n't stay in `` What if ? '' Maybe the whole point of this movie is to not have regrets about past decisions and past actions , but what can you do today to make your life different tomorrow . Live with courage , with love , with the knowing that something better is just around the corner just waiting for you to accept , embrace , and happily embody.The screenplay of this movie is extremely tight . There are no flaws to this movie . It is as close to perfect as it comes . The acting is incredible . Even the little kids that play roles in this film are amazing . It is one of those films that punch you in the gut and then gives you the grace to recover during the length of the film.Buy this movie . Let it entertain you but also keep in your heart and mind the question `` What if ? '' Live today and let the regrets of your past dissolve into the Love that makes all things new .
 `` Frequency '' is one of my wife 's favorite movies , and it 's one of mine to . The movie intorduced Dennis Quaid to me all over again , and Jim Caveezel for the first time . I thought both of these actors did an outstanding job in their roles.The catch line is `` what if ? '' What if your life took a turn in a totally different direction ? What if someone in your life who died when you were young , did n't . How different would your life be ? This movie says loudly , your life would be very different . I really enjoyed this movie , it had a pretty suspenseful plot line , and some comedic scenes as well.The song you here in the background throughout the movie is `` Suspicious Minds '' by Elvis , and centers around the World Series with the `` Amazing Mets '' . With that as the backdrop the movie is a modern day fairy tale of `` what ifs '' come to life that every child probably dreams about every night in bed .
 Some movies you ca n't wait for to get over , this movie leaves you wanting more when it 's over . It 's a fantastic ride between a father and son in a constantly changing plot . I have watched this movie a half dozen times and each time I am wanting to watch it again .
 I love this movie !! In the detail of movie information said that this movie does not have spanish subtitles , but it has !!
 great story line and what a twist , keeps you on your feet and keeps you thinking , the ending was very nice
 Absolutely love this movie ! Dennis Quaid and Jim Caviezel do fantastic jobs . I 'm a sucker foa a happy ending . I have watched this movie a dozen times !
 My family love this movie , My grandsons watch it all the time . i know it is an older move but my teenage grandsons love it and ask to borrow or come by to watch all the time .
 I just love the pictures and updated sound quality from Bluray movies that were transfered from either VHS or older DVD 's and so will YOU !!!!
 We love this movie . Being able to get it now in blu ray was a real treat for all of our family .
 I always cry when I watch this movie . First time ever hearing of Jim Caviezel and love Dennis Quaid . The father and son bond is just wonderful . The sci-fi element is really good . Time travel is always appealing . When this came out on blu ray I got it . Wonderful movie .
 Ordered a movie that was a few years older and I received it promptly and intact . DVD worked fine . Would recommend ! Great movie !
 Awesome movie.Often watch this while am in boredom mode.great PQ and AQ here on Bluray.Got this for under $ 10 today at a storeso you will have to look for yourself : -RRB- here is hoping that Amazon will slash the price ! : -RRB- Seriously own this movie , you wo n't be sorry !
 This is a awesome movie about changing the past and the future events and a relationship between father and son etc. well worth watching/buying .
 This is one of the better movies I saw this past year . It is a non stop adventure that most people will really enjoy . Note
 riveting and full of action ... it holds the viewer 's interest completely ... i had to really pay attention just to keep up with all the time shifts , i am actually suprised that it was n't at the box office longer ...
 This highly imaginative science fiction thriller is an entertaining mind bender of a film . Toby Emmerich 's story takes a fresh approach to the time travel angle . Rather than having people traveling through time , Emmerich has them communicating through time using a Ham Radio that has been augmented by an Aurora Borealis . Ok , there are n't many Aurora Borealis events as far south as New York City , but there is n't any trans-time communication noted in the scientific literature either , so we need to allow the story a little latitude.After we accept the premise , this ingenious plot incorporates many different elements to entice the viewer . There is the human angle of a son speaking to his dead father , the many twists resulting from altering the ribbon of time , and the solving of a thirty-year-old serial murder case . The various elements are combined effectively by director Gregory Hoblit -LRB- Primal Fear , Fallen -RRB- to produce a fast paced action thriller with sufficient character development to bind us emotionally to the characters . The fascinating thing about the detective story is that the facts of the crime keep changing in unexpected ways each time John -LRB- James Caviezel -RRB- imparts something to his father -LRB- Dennis Quaid -RRB- that causes him to change history . In addition , the action sequences are well done and the visual effects , especially the digitized Aurora are nicely rendered . The aging makeup is also realistic.The acting was excellent as well , though the New York accents were pretty bad . Dennis Quaid alternated between the goofy and endearing dad and the action hero , and managed to keep it from seeming incongruous . This was a breakout performance by James Caviezel , who heretofore has been confined to minor roles . His was a very emotional and tense role and he handled it extremely well . I was also impressed with Elizabeth Mitchell who gave a vivacious performance as John 's mother.I enjoy a good intelligent science fiction thriller . Lately , science fiction has been subsumed into the horror category , since you seldom see a science fiction story that is n't an excuse to hack up some cast members . This film was more in the tradition of Twilight Zone , relying more on an inventive story than grisly effects to capture the audience . That 's why I rated this film a 9/10 . With luck , this will inspire a return to more creative science fiction .
 `` Frequency '' is my kind of movie . I like the whole communication into the past thing . It reminds me of `` Back to the Future . '' I just saw it and it is very entertaining . Trust me , if you see it , you will want to see the whole thing .
 Like any movie fanatic , I drove to the movies expecting just another tuff guy , sci-fi flick . Boy was I wrong ! Frequency had me glued to my seat . From beginning to end this movie had romance , action , suspense , mystery and hope . It was heart warming and well written . Also if you are into father and son bonding movies like `` Field of Dreams '' , this movie will leave you bawling and wanting to call your father . Rent it today !
 This overlooked film was only in theaters for a very short time , and most professional reviewers do n't think that highly of it . For me , `` Frequency '' is my favorite movie EVER . If you 're a father or a son and are not moved by the `` Catching Up '' scene , you 've lost your heart . `` Frequency '' also has THE most wholesome love scene in any movie , when Frank -LRB- the father -RRB- comes home after the opening rescue scene and dances with his wife Julia in the kitchen . I 've found a lot of -LRB- perhaps unintentional -RRB- depth to the movie , too - it 's obviously about redemption -LRB- redeeming the past -RRB- , but it 's also about restoration and resolution -LRB- the son reconnecting with his long-lost father -RRB- and repentance -LRB- in the son 's shouted line of desperation , `` If you 'd just gone the other way ... '' -RRB- . Another reviewer said the switching back and forth between 1969 and 1999 was confusing , but I thought the movie did a good job of making this switching very clear . As the movie unfolds , watch carefully how the face of actor Jim Caviezel 's character is transformed from a deeply troubled young man into one who is confident and far more fully alive - this is a brilliant acting job by Caviezel , whose subtle facial expressions change dramatically and powerfully - yet almost imperceptibly - over the course of the film . On a personal level , this movie helped me change my life , as Caviezel 's shouted line `` If you 'd just gone the other way ... '' reminded me that there were things that I needed to change in my life and go `` the other way '' on , in order to help ensure a better future for me and my family . I 've watched this movie 30-40 times and have yet to grow tired of it , and I 've got the poster of the movie framed in my family den . OF COURSE none of us can change the past , but this flick is a reminder that there will come a day when every tear will be wiped away , when all accounts will be settled , when every wrong will be righted in the greatest reunion of all . Until that day , may we remember that it is stories like `` Frequency '' that help us stay faithful along the way . Blessings to all who read this !
 Frequency is a thriller through and through ! The first time I watched it , I was lost but I watched it again and everything made perfect sense . That 's just me though , I 'm sure most people would understand it just fine . This is becoming my all time favorite movie more and more every time I watch it . It is about a man who lost his father -LRB- Dennis Quaid -RRB- 30 years ago . His father was a fire fighter and died in a warehouse fire . He had a ham radio he never let his son talk on . 30 years later , his son hooks up the radio and gets on the air . He speaks with his father , who is still back in 1969 . His son saves his life and they work together to solve a serial . This movie is worth every penny folks ! There is swearing in it for those of you who have little ones . No nudity though .
 This is a story that has something for everyone ; family love and values , science fiction twist , action , and mystery . It is one of my favorites .
 The DVD Frequency with Dennis Quaid , includes Time travel , using a ham radio , that links the present with the past through an unusual storm and Northern lights . John Sullivan , played by Jim Caviezel , a cop , links to his father , Frank Sullivan , played by Dennis Quaid , a firefighter , who was lost to him due to a tragedy of a fire . The Scifi is intensive , but very interesting.I recommend this to those who like Scifi and Time Travel . My order was promptly acknowledged and arrived in good time . The cost was within my means and the product is in excellent condition . nanlegf26
 I enjoy watching this film anytime . I first bought it on VHS and , when I found it on DVD , I grabbed it for the extras . This is currently on my top ten list of favorite films of all time!It is Science Fiction , Action and Drama all rolled into one . Once it starts , you are pulled in and ca n't take your eyes off until the credits are rolling!Jim Caviezel plays a man who while experimenting with his late Dad 's Ham radio , actually contacts his Dad -LRB- Dennis Quaid -RRB- , 30 years in the past , because of a Northern Lights phenominon . Together , they change history , while taking viewers on an action filled , emotional ride until the amazing ending ! You 'll not regret the time or money spent on this film .
 With a little extra spending money I picked up a few DVD 's ` to take a chance on ' , hoping for one gold nugget . Well , this one is just that . I have watched it several times in a few months , and have made a point of lending it out to my friends simply saying ` trust me , you 'll enjoy it ' . It has come back each time with positive to glowing reviews , and a smile showing each person did enjoy it.The script is well thought out ! Tell me how many times you 've watched a movie that seemed to have been roughed out on a napkin the night before they started filming ? The story moves forward with ... a couple surprises/twists that fit perfectly into the storyline , but does n't overshadow the identification with and the developement of the characters . Great casting . I have been a Dennis Quaid fans for over a decade , and Jim Cavieziel was a pleasant discovery for me.I missed this in the theatre . Not too many people went to see it . Man , I might have missed it altogther had I not had a few dollars to spend ... and in this case , that would have been a bad thing . You 'll enjoy it , trust me .
 This movie by no means will rescue Hollywood from it 's descent into cheesiness , but it is one that has a style that seems to be long lost . This is without a doubt Dennis Quaid 's best performance . Along with a solid plot , and great acting from his supporting cast , this movie held me captive from beginning to end . I loved it the first time I saw it and I watched it again the other day and loved it even more . I highly recommend this movie .
 Frequency is a very entertaining yet totally unbelievable movie , the plot of which revolves around solar flares affecting radio waves and allowing a sort of time-travel for a particular ham-radio operator . Still with me ? Good , because apart from the silly science , this is a really good sci-fi/adventure/drama movie . Suspenseful and well-acted , the movie is high on production values and details.Dennis Quaid stars as the fireman father , James Caviezel is the cop son , and Elizabeth Mitchell is the wife/mother . Through the time-travel setup , the son is able to communicate with his dead father via his dad 's old ham-radio . Together , they try to avert the accident that leads to the father 's death in a warehouse fire . Another bad-guy character crosses from the past reality to the present reality.I 'm not going to spoil the movie with particulars or more details.The DVD has 2 good , informative commentaries . One is by director Gregory Hoblit , and one by actor Noah Emmerich and writer/producer Toby Emmerich . In Hoblit 's , he reveals the ending he would have rather used . Although the movie ending was acceptable , Hoblit 's idea would have been better from a logic viewpoint.Deleted scenes , a documentary about the `` science '' in the movie , and a few other goodies at a reasonable price make this a highly recomended DVD . Over !
 Awesome Movie ! Perfect combination of drama and action . A must-see !
 The premise of this movie is absolutely fascinating ! In 1999 , John Sullivan , a lonely and bitter 36 year old , starts playing with his dad 's old ham radio during a Northern lights display and somehow happens to get in touch with his dad -LRB- who died 30 years earlier -RRB- in 1969 , a time of innocence and the age of the Amazin ' Mets . As John and his dad start to change the past , they also alter future events in both good and bad ways . Can they put things right before they lose their special connection for good?The idea is unique and stays so throughout . The underrated and execellent drama/thriller is well written and acted . The movies deals with several interesting issues , is exciting without falling to the typical thriller antics and is touching without being maudlin . Definitely one of the best movies I 've ever seen . All those who had even a small part in this movie should be proud of the wonderful movie they helped make . I recommend this movie in the highest terms .
 All I can say is ... Wow . Well actually I can say more than that . I totally loved this movie . The storyline is fantastic . Makes you wish you could have that chance with a lost loved one . The icing on the cake is having two HOT men playing the leads in this movie . I ca n't think of another actor who could have played the killer better not even Christopher Walken and that says a lot . Anyone who has loved suspense should love this one .
 AN AWESOME MOVIE!JUST WHEN YOU THINK THE PROBLEM IS SOLVED THERE COMES ANOTHER TWIST WHICH KEEPS YOU ON PINS AND NEEDLES . HELD MY ATTENTION FROM START TO FINISH . ONE OF THE BETTER FILMS I 'VE SEEN AND ONE I WILL WATCH MUCH MORE THAN ONCE . 5 STARS FOR THE CREATIVITY OF THE WRITER . HARD TO GET OUT OF YOUR MIND FOR DAYS AFTER SEEING IT .
 Yes this movie can be real and true !
 If you are a father , this movie makes you want to go hug your kids .
 `` Everything needs an opposite . We have a White House , so now we need a Black House . '' `` The problem with Harlem is too much sex , drugs and violence . If we took all the children of Harlem and made them memorize the names of the 99 Pharaohs then there would n't be sex , drugs and violence in Harlem anymore . '' `` The Saturnians told me to play the music of the black prophet , Duke Ellington , but the black man paid no attention so now I am playing the music of the white prophet , Walt Disney , and spreading the shield of his beauty over the face of the Earth so the Saturnians will not destroy us '' -LRB- followed by a half hour jam of ` Pink Elephants on parade ' which occasionally sounds like its source material -RRB- . Such is the wisdom and personality of the late free jazz artist Sun Ra -LRB- paraphrased quotes there , pulled from memory -RRB- who apparently -LRB- and delightfully -RRB- really believed in his own voluptuous excess and gibberish -LRB- enough to establish a Space Age monastic communal order among his followers ; the Intergalactic Arkestra , and , posthumously , a church named after him -RRB- . Claiming to be a Saturnian , Sun Ra would appear on stage , dressed in goodwill Pharaoh garb , with the planets of the solar system revolving around his head.In 1974 Sun Ra made his only film , Space is the Place , directed by John Coney , who also never made another movie . It is an odd artifact , a hybrid of science fiction , blaxploitation and -LRB- too little -RRB- avant-garde jazz.In the film , as in life , Sun Ra is the quintessential outsider and space is a metaphorical Eden for this much put upon black man . The plot is threadbare , involving villainous pimps and dealers , Black Panther avenger protagonists , local nightclubs , pool halls , cat houses , and , of course , an Outer Space Employment Agency that Sun Ra sets up after coming to Earth from a faraway planet . To recruit a new colony , he espouses racial freedom through Egyptian epigrams , Stockhausen-like jazz and a spirit filled Rocket Ship . Of course , Ra is challenged by establishment agents and a supreme villain , the Overseer -LRB- Ray Johnson -RRB- , who lures impressionable black men away from Ra 's brand of truth with the vices of sex and money . Ra preaches against decadence and hits a nerve when showing the pimp and his followers that they are no different than the White Man -LRB- Nixon , here -RRB- they rage against . Ra promises a land of racial harmony and social justice lies within the Milky Way 's stars , and who are we to argue?The film is as eccentric and inexplicable as Sun Ra himself . Space is the Place demands to be seen by every aficionado of bizarre cinema and equally bizarre jazz . The biggest complaint about the film is that there simply is not enough music , but that 's easily remedied by a sampling of essential Sun Ra albums . His discography is mind bogglingly extensive , but a good start is the soundtrack album `` Space is the Place , '' the earlier `` Super Sonic Jazz '' , `` Jazz in Silhouette , '' `` Futuristic Sounds , '' `` Atlantis , '' `` The Magic City , '' `` Cosmic Tones for Mental Therapy , '' and a personal favorite
 The early-1970s was a tumultuous time in American politics and the world landscape . Sun Ra weaves the political controversies with sci-fi and mythology for this 82 minute film that had a very limited run when initially released in 1974 . There is a universal message in Sun Ra 's production , with the music - released in a soundtrack - making for an outstanding package.Though available in often shoddy bootlegs , this DVD is a fitting tribute to the cinematic vision of an artistic genius .
 If you 're a fan of the avant garde , the obscure , or the psychedlic , please do yourself a favor , and get your hands on ` Space is the Place ' . Non-linear , but a true underground classic . Witness
 it is with great anticipation that I have been awaiting the plexifilms dvd release of SITP . Having seen the VHS version of the film countless times , as well as being aware of plexifilms high standards from the release of Wilco 's `` I Am Trying To Break Your Heart , '' my expectations have been high.the design of the package is clean and well done -- very classy . Although this is a new transfer of the film , this is hardly a restoration in the vein of `` Casablanca . '' There are still many blemishes and defects from the tranfer print that have not been cleaned up at all , as far as I can see . That said , color and saturation are richer , definition is clearer -LRB- especially noted in textures etc. -RRB- , blacks are deeper , and there are no evident digital artifacts from compression . The soundtrack has less background noise , and hiss , but this is hardly a new 5.1 remix or anything . In fact , I have yet to determine if the soundtrack is in stereo or mono . the most significant aspects of this release is that the frame has been restored to its original widescreen presentation , and roughly 15 minutes of footage has been restored . Unfortunately , the restored footage is mostly scenes of sex and violence and does little to further the plot . I understand why Sun Ra cut this footage for the VHS edition , and I actually prefer the shorter cut of the film.I found the interview with director and producer very good , but too short . the team comes across as being very sympathetic , supportive , and admiring of Sun Ra 's music and myth . There are some nice revelations -LRB- the bad effects are not just a budgetary limitation , but a satire of cheesy 50 's science fiction , sun ra wrote his own dialogue , the film was originally to be a concert film in a planetarium , etc -RRB- . Considering how much more light they could have shed though it is dissappointing only because it is too short . The interview is illustrated with some gorgeous previously unseen still promo shots from the set and film.For me the real jewel of this DVD are the `` Home Movies '' shot by Richard Wilkinson . Having not been there to see the earlier days of the Arkestra , those days are to me a mythic time . While watching the footage I was almost giddy with excitement , literally catching myself holding my breath in concentration ! The Arkestra at the pyramids , dancing , in the studio , in the streets , in concert . Great shots of Sun Ra , John Gilmore , June Tyson , Marshall Allen ... the stuff of dreams . amazing ! in fact , I would pay just to see this few minutes of film .
 this is a hard one to review . it seems very few people have seen this , or something . if you havent , you should , no matter who you are because it will fill you in on what 's going on and what they dont want you to know -LRB- surprised nobody 's seen it ? right ? -RRB- . like the title says , space is the place - it is where we are and there is no place else you can really go - or i s there . It helps to know a bit about mr Ra , Sun Ra that is . there 's a bunch of stuff on the web if you 're curious but i dont know exactly where off hand , but check it out , have a look because he is important . This is a profoundly important movie about blackness in america , but there 's a lot more to it than that , and its not preachy , it 's freaky , get it ? I mean i almost dont want to say that 's what it 's about because it is unlike anything you 've probably seen and it 's also about space and aliens and the devil and everything else .
 I picked up this curious period piece of psychedelic , indie-fueled moviemaking some time ago . Sorry now I waited so long to view it . It 's a delightful combination of ' 70 's pop culture , science fiction fantasy , Sun Ra musical storytelling through his Inter-Galactical Outer Space Archestra , and black pride allegory that manages to be quite on point.Initially , I was too fascinated by the imagery and music to think much about any message . In retrospect , Sun Ra is a spiritual being from a space colony playing chess with an earthly demonic pimpmaster for big stakes
 What a simultaneously hysterical with fits of lucidity presentation ! The running battle between Ra and `` Overseer '' is a great subtext . Gives some insights into the man , somewhat in spite of Sun Ra 's best efforts to stay a `` Mystery '' . The cheesey effects and over the top acting has to be viewed as an ultimate camp cult movie . A JOYFUL NOISE is almost as bizarre , but probably more accessible . Most of the charm is that you ca n't tell whether he is plain nuts or goofing with you . I understand this was very calculated and intentional on his part.Parliament / Funkadelic owe more to this guy than I think anybody realizes . I do n't know if George Clinton has ever acknowledged his debt to Sun Ra , at least conceptually , for doing the full blown conceptual thing decades before him .
 What a great super-fly atmosphere , Oakland in the early 70s . Ra has some great parts , and as always the music is tops.SPACE IS THE PLACE !
 Okay , so this is one of those A-Boy-And-His-Dog / Cat/Horse/Space Alien type movies . -LRB- In this case , the mammal in question is Mac the chimp , the first US critter to make it up in space . -RRB- So , some of the plot details are gon na be a given
 The movie Race to Space is a wonderful , heart touching movie , starring Alex D. Linz and James Woods . Now these two actors are so extremly good , that no matter what the movie was if they were in it , it would be entertaining . These movie was extremly entertaining and I will give it 5 STARS ! Watch it !
 See , the thing is ... I am a huge Alex Linz fan . I watch all of his movies and I think he is an awsome actor . This movie is just excellent . The movies he is in are just so good -LRB- im not saying this just because i am in love with him lol -RRB- and i think this is one of his best . The plot is realistica and reasonable , yet a great kiddie movie -LRB- i would know cuz im 13 -RRB- . I went to see this at the movie theater and after the movie was over , i stood up and applauded , and that was the first time i felt that it was neccesary to do so . Everyone else did the same and , enough babbling , there is just one thing to say , THIS MOVIE IS AWSOME ! Hope you enjoy it !!!
 `` Race To Space '' sat in my movie closet for close to 3 years before I ever even had thoughts about watching it . It seemed to take low-Joe-on-da-totem-pole priority next to other stuff I wanted to see . After watching the first five minutes , I realized what a terrible mistake I had made letting it sit there . Based on the true story of the United States ' part in the Space Race , it retells the story of Ham , the first chimpanzee -LRB- or living creature for that matter -RRB- that the U.S. ever put in to space . This movie is not herky-jerky and while remaining historically accurate , tells this captivating and suspenseful story in a very entertaining way . I definitely recommend this for anyone wanting a good and entertaining film .
 Based on the true story of the german scientists who launched America 's space race , this film tells how a chimpanzee was launched into space in preparation for the human missions that were to come . Wilhelm von Huber is a brilliant scientist but is losing his connection with his son Billy . Billy , likewise very intelligent , rejects his father 's german culture in favour of being American , but faces racism from his peers . This , together with the loss of his mother , causes his grades to slide . When his father takes action on Billy 's grades , it leads to Billy meeting Mac , one of the chimpanzee test pilots being trained by Dr. McGuinness -LRB- Annabeth Gish -RRB- .
 This is a great , feel good movie !!! A solid story that adds some suspense to the development of the Mercury rockets . -LRB- Redstone . -RRB- A good movie for family and kids . Positive message and a good job by James Woods . As always , his acting adds to the quality of the movie.This is a must see for any family !!
 I caught this movie on WGN afternoon movie a few weeks ago . I have been to Cocoa Beach and took the NASA then and now tour featuring many of the sites in this movie.This movie moves along pretty fast and is entertaining as well as informitive for kids about early NASA history even though it really is just a hollywood movie.Not to be missed , a great family film .
 `` Brady Bunch home movies '' is an amazing look behind-the-scenes at one of the worlds best known , and loved TV shows . Robert Reed -LRB- Mike Brady -RRB- gave each of the `` Brady Kids '' a super 8mm video camera their first Christmas together . The kids spent the next 5 years -LRB- during breaks from filming The Brady Bunch -RRB- making their own home movies . This rare look at the entire cast and crew , along with early auditions , commercials and a `` where are they now '' segment , make `` Brady Bunch Home Movies '' a must in ANY Brady collection !
 This video is very funny and very good . It finishes introducing all the main characters -LRB- except the bad guys -RRB- and shows some of their crazy life on earth . It contains episodes 5-7 . Episode 5 is mainly a halarious introduction for Mihoshi 's partner , Kione . 6 shows them as they try to cope with life on earth . And 7 is about a carnaval that goes very very wrong due to the strange booths set up by some of the characters . -LRB- this is the funniest one on the tape in my opinion . -RRB-
 This is the ` Geneon Signature Series ' volume 2 . Most other Tenchi volumes on Amazon have the product display image discern between the original and signature series releases . In hindsight , I should have caught the dvd release date -LRB- 2004 -RRB- .
 It got here a little late , but was very inexpensive and worked just fine ! Overall this was a good buy . My friend loved it .
 NO scratches , and original box , THANK GOSH ! i dont like it when you get something crazy scratched or without the case , i like having it all and it was delivered . Thank You .
 This video to me is great . It is where Kiyone and Mihoshi has each other again and start stuff all over from the beggining . Kiyone hates being with Mihoshi but she has to stick with her . How did Mihoshi became a Galaxy Police Officer -LRB- GPO -RRB- or any other police for that matter ? I like this video because they have a friendship -LRB- will at least Mihoshi thinks so , -RRB- and they get a job ang go sing karaoke . I like this video because their one of my favorite characters on the cartoon . The first person I like in the Tenchi Saga series is
 In this two-parter , Optimus Prime learns the value of having a good PR man . Megatron cooks up a plot to discredit the Autobots in the public 's eye by exploiting 1 -RRB- a greedy businessman , 2 -RRB- a really , really stupid politician , and 3 -RRB- a populace whose collective IQ matches their average belt size . -LRB- These stereotypes were moldy when this story was first aired , forget about today . -RRB- In the process , we see American jurisprudence trashed , the police department forgotten about , and the Autobots sentenced to cruel and unusual punishment . These and other plot flaws notwithstanding , it is a pretty good read and probably one of the better stories to come out of The Transformers . Four stars .
 If you buy any of the Wild Rides tapes from the Thrill Rides box set , buy this one . It features the most unique roller coaster , speed , and freefall attractions from all over the country . Watching some of the riders during experiments and such is entertaining again and again . It 's one big adrenalin rush on video .
 Its not the best movie but its worth checking out for sure . Better then anything Van Damme has done in the last 4-5 years !
 This movie is a must see for everyone ! I am not a Jean Claud fan but this movie was great!I have to admit Jean Claud has not made very good movies in the past couple of years , but this movie put him on the top of my list of great action stars ! And believe it or not ... he can act , especially in this movie ! This is not a very popular movie , but if they would have released it in theaters it would have made millions . I not going to explain the movie or give the good parts away , but if you love serial killer thrillers , with action . . BUY this movie ! Van Damme did a great job in this movie and I hope he will continue to make good movies !
 I hardly need wax poetic about the merits of the films presented here , any Van Damme fan simply has to have KICKBOXER and UNIVERSAL SOLDIER in their collection . REPLICANT is perhaps the least interesting title presented here , but it 's still a fun action romp.What is especially great about this release is that each film is on its own single-sided disc - no double-sided discs here . Curiously , however , all the films are widescreen except for KICKBOXER , which is presented here in fullscreen .
 Never saw Van Damme plays a good part with such a sorrow heart . We like the good guy part more than the bad guy - Van Damme never plays in such good role before . It 's a movie you will enjoy , for the story , the characters , the Kung Fu fighting , ... etc. . But the most thing that touches our herat is the Replicant himself . A little bit sorrows in heart ... But he made it finally . A happy ending as a compensation . We really enjoy this movies . It 's a must seen if you 're a fan of Van Damme !!
 This item is perfect if you want to get more than one Van Damne product at once especially if you like Universal soldier and Kickboxer and do n't care to buy the case !
 Great great film that deserved a cinematic release in the US
 I saw this movie earlier this year , very good effects , stunts , fights , characters , story , acting and all ! The entire package is there ! I would recommend getting this movie on DVD . Its one of Van Damme 's BEST films ever .
 If you have n't seen a Van-Damme flick in a while ... do yourself a favor and get this one . This movie is good ! People often rag on storylines for not being realistic ... but hey ... is n't that what the entire genre of Sci-Fi is all about . Now , The Replicant is n't exactly sci-fi ... but it 's smart , action-packed Van-Damme all the way . And , by the by , Van-Damme 's a good actor in my book . And this film exemplifies that to the fullest . He gives a chilling performance as `` The Torch '' and an almost tear-jerking performance as `` The Replicant '' ... watch the movie ... you 'll understand . If that 's not good acting ... I do n't know what is . Buy it , watch it . Whatever . I only wish they had released this in the theaters ... so a whole new generation can see what a real action star is . So there 's my two cents . Now go do your part and buy the movie .
 The Jean Claude Van Damme Review Matrix -LRB- JCVD-RM -RRB- 1 . Who is he ? Edward Garrotte , murder victims he burns . Nicknamed is `` The Torch '' , his alias well earned . His hair has been used , for the DNA . A Replicant is made , to save the day .2 . Which family member/friend must be avenged ? His mother ? Himself ? This part is hazy . Suffice to say , the setup is crazy .3 . Does he take his shirt off ? When born as `` Replicant '' , it 's all for show . Think Keanu , Matrix , without the `` Whoa '' .4 . Does he have sex with a C-List actress ? He meets a hooker , alone on the street . In less than one second , it 's ugh , skeet skeet .5 . Is there a tournament ? Replicant has no tournament at all . Following the matrix , it 's the sole fault .6 . Is training needed for this tournament ? Training is always essential to plot . Gymnastics , however ? Probably not .7 . Does he do the splits in training or in the tournament ? When learning to use a body brand new , it 's
 Let 's cut to the chase . You know what the movie is about . But what you do n't know is that Van Dam became an actor . He is totally convincing in the dual roles . As the serial killer he shows us a dark side to his personality which works on all accounts . Focused and confident . As the Clone -LRB- Replica -RRB- he shows his more sensitive side . He even get 's to do a little bit of the Tom Hanks in `` Big '' routine . Though I will admit I like him in the villan role . In all , the movie moves very well by the sure hands of it 's director Ringo Lam . It has some very violent and realistic scenes that will frighten younger viewers so parents please be responsible and do not let them watch it at all . It is rated R. Thanks Van Dam for a excellent film.Some other Van Damm Films I recommend : TimecopSudden DeathMaximum Risk -LRB- Ringo Lam , Dir -RRB- Hard Target -LRB- John Woo , Dir -RRB- Nowhere to HideDeath Warrent
 I have no doubt that this is one of the best Van Damme low budget movies . It have everything you need for a action movies . Amazing stuns , great karate choreography , hard hitting Fx , great story and a lot of heart . And do n't forget Van Damme do a great acting in this movie together with an amazing director Ringo Lam.The Blu-ray disc itself is a great collectable transfer of the original movie . The picture look beautiful and very clear . It have a awesome main menu and some great special features like Deleted scenes , storyboards and audio commentary with Van Damme and Michael Rooker . For those who speak other Language it only have Spanish and English Subtitles . That 's sad.Above all if you like Van Damme I recommend this movie completely . Have Fun .
 Replicant made in 2001 released straight to DVD directed by Ringo Lam he directed a great drama called In Hell that also starred Van Damme . It stars Jean Claude Van Damme as Garrotte he also plays a clone of himself . Michael Rooker as Jake Riley . Story is Seattle Washington cop Jake Riley has been after a serial killer named Torch he targets young single mothers . Jake thinks he has him 1 night but he gets away & unfortunately this was his last night on the force the FBI offer Jake a job he declines but when Garrotte The Torch Killer continues with threatening phone calls he accepts . The Defense Department have cloned The Torch Killer but he 's the opposite . They also have a telepathic bond The Clone has visions of Garrotte 's murders & it gets them closer to stopping him . Van Damme did a good job as the villain his performance here reinforces why I though he should 've been the bad Terminator in T3 . Michael Rooker was great . It was a return to form for Van Damme after doing a few flops in the mid to late 90 's . Martial arts was decent also the fight between Garrotte & The Clone was interesting . If you ca n't find anything to rent I say rent Replicant it 'll be worth your time . It 's a shame that this did n't get a theatrical release it had a $ 20 million budget & looks like it belongs in a theater same budget as Machete & it looks direct to video & was released theatrically . Replicant does n't look direct to DVD . So it 's no clunker .
 For better or worse , Jean-Claude Van Damme holds an amount of recognition as `` the guy who plays twins a lot . `` Double Impactwas cool andMaximum Riskwas a step out of the ordinary for the Muscles from Brussels , but I dare say that Van Damme 's second outing with director Ringo Lam takes the cake as the best instance of the European karate expert playing two lookalikes . It 's definitely one of the man 's better outings of his DTV career , and definitely one of the strangest of all of his films , but it 's strange in an entertaining sort of way , to the point that I 'd advise all Van Damme fans to give it a buy if they can live without the usual abundance of martial arts.The story
 Replicant is a movie where a mask murderer goes on crime sprees killing innocent women . Not only that , this sick murderer -LRB- Jean-Claude -RRB- actually takes pictures of these sick crimes . That 's where Jake comes in -LRB- Michael Rooker -RRB- , Jake is a undercover cop who has been chasing Garrett -LRB- the murderer -RRB- for 3 years , after one particular night he calls it quits and retires from the force at a early age . After he starts getting on with his life he gets an insulting call from Garrett and is given the opportunity by the CIA to help them bring down the murderer . He accepts and heads down the there headquarters . He finds out that they are n't actually the CIA , their Special Forces Unit and they have a DNA sample of the killer and they will use that to create a Replicant -LRB- clone -RRB- of the murderer . After many tests they are finally able to put the Replicant out of hibernation and into the real world.The Replicant is suppose to have the brain capabilities of a 40 year old -LRB- the murderers approximate age -RRB- and if given enough time , it could remember how exactly the murderer went about the killings , how he escaped , who he is , and where he lives , and that 's what they want to get out of him . But the Replicant is like a baby , he needs to learn how to eat sleep , walk , talk , everything . That 's where Jake comes in again , Jake is basically suppose to baby sit the Replicant until he can remember the crimes . The Replicant grows to care for and accept Jake , while he does n't trust anyone else.During the movie we find out more about the murderer and kind of get an inside scoop of how this murderer lives and why he 's doing all these killings . I 'm not going to spoil it for you but let me tell you , this guy is a sick puppy , anyone who has watched Van Damme movies in the past will be shocked at the role he 's playing now . The Replicant meets up with the murderer a few times and each time the Replicant starts to bond with the murderer , since he can think how the murderer thinks , and given enough time , he could read the murderers mind completely . At first the murderer does n't know who the Replicant is but then he eventually finds out.The Replicant is not like many creatures , it copies what people do and say , in one part of the movie where they try to apprehend the Replicant they end up losing , why ? Because anything you show him he learns , if you punch him he learns the exact punch you did , if you put him in a head lock he learns that exact head lock , and that 's what he used to defeat them . I 'm still not going to spoil all the movie but Jake and the Replicant track the murderer down many times , and each time the murderer tricks the Replicant into thinking that their brothers and that Jake is the enemy , The Replicant starts to show his true color by allowing the murderer to escape and apprehending Jake at that . But then the Replicant learns the murderers true colors and turns on the him and that 's what allows Jake and The Replicant to defeat this sick murderer.The movie had a tight budget but it does n't show it at all . Good special effects , good action , good plot , good story . Good Movie .
 I have been abd Van Damme fan most of my life and let me tell you this is his best work yet . I have the VCD of this movie not the DVD but I figured that I would write about the movie any ways . Van Damme is incredible in this movie it is his best acting yet . There are not to many fighting scenes but the few that are in this movie are great . Van Damme does a great job acting as a villian named the Torch and a his clone who at first has the mind of a little kid . Then as the movie progresses he starts thinking like the Torch and he remembers everything that the Torch did in his life . Let me just tell you buy this when it is released you 'll be satisfied . I wish that this movie would be released theatrically because this could definately boost Van Damme back to super stardom .
 Ever since Blood Sport I have been a Jean-Claude Van Damme fan . He has made some blunders , and lets face it he is not the greatest actor in the world . I never knew about this film Replicant , so I decided to give it shot . WOW , was I suprised on this film . Van Damme does a great job as the villian and the babyface of the film . Michael Rooker 's performance is solid as usual . I enjoyed the part of Rooker 's character and Van Damme 's good guy character learning together . Van Damme has been blasted in the past , but this performance should really have gotten some notice . He did a wonderful job . He is great as a villian and that is something he might look into for future roles . The entire `` Cloning '' part of the movie is a look hokey , but this a good film to pick up and watch . Should have made the Theatures in the US . It would have satisfied the fans that just love movies for Action . There was plenty of it . Fight between the two Van Damme 's look real and you really could n't tell there was a double . Seriously give this movie a shot .
 Both of these VanDamme movies stink , and I am a fan of VanDamme , thats why I got this . But I loved , loved loved the Rambo in this collection , and I forgot how funny total Recall was . I really did forget , I watched it with my 12 yr old and forgot about the three boobs part . OMG , wait til she tells her Dad ...
 i Love van damme movies he is the best too bad he is getting old no more slits thats done !! Overall the blu-ray to this movie is horrible same as dvd
 Againg i saw this movie on T.V , and i loved it.Van Damne plays 2 characters.I character hes a killer that kills mom thats bad to their children.His other character is a clone so he could he get the bad one for this F.B.I agent.I loved this movie.I coudnt wait at the end becuase thats when Van Damne fights Van Damne.Good fight , they should make more of these.This movie is worth watching , trust me I am like a huge Van Damne fan and when I say his movie is good , then its good .
 Replicant is one of VAN DAMME 's good movie ever made by the ASIAN director RINGO LAM.It 's a rearlly movies made , with plot on DNA cloning , whitch is a real scintific process in are future . He plays this sereal killer , very strong , very smart.he goes all over the world , and can never be caught.The police hunting him manage to get a sample of his blood , and from this they make a duplicate with process of cloning , an exac duplicate of the killer , a Replicant , whitch they use the copy to track down the original killer.Jean Claude playes dual roles again like
 Nice 3DVD box . Great value , I actually keep an eye out wherever I go for classic action DVDs and I just so happen to run into this wanting Kickboxer , but I also get Universal Soldier , and Replicant , which I have yet to watch .
 i 'm a van damme fan , so i was very excitided when i saw this collecter 's set . i hope there will more of them . i like the fact that they are in a bundle .
 Basically , van damn is a serial killer , who 's already killed like a dozen people . He targets single moms , slices them and then burns the place down . The cops have been trying for like 3 years to find him with no luck . The main cop in the case retires from the force , and some government agency hires him to continue looking for the killer . Little does he know , they recovered a single hair from one of the crime scenes , and with that hair they basically made a clone of the killer . Their hope , is that the clone will be able to help them figure out who the killer is . And the clone is also played by , obviously , van damn . So , if you can by the whole cloning sci-fi stuff , and believe that , then the rest of the movie was actually very good . They do n't dwell on or explain the cloning thing at all anyways . That whole thing is only a small part of the movie . So the ex-cop drags the clone all over town , trying to see if he can help him at all . The clone actually starts remembering things the killer did , and that helps the cops find the killer . There was quite a bit of fighting in it . It was nice to see he 's still in great shape , unlike the other left over from the 80 's , our old fat friend seagal . As a martial arts movie , not so good . As an action-suspense-murder-cop-thriller-mystery , pretty good .
 IN AN ATTEMPT TO CATCH A SERIAL KILLER -LSB- VAN DAMME -RSB- , THE POLICE CLONE THE SERIAL KILLER -LSB- THE CLONE IS ALSO PLAYED BY VAN DAMME -RSB- . HMM , THIS IS DEFINITELY A FIRST . NOT ONLY DOES VAN DAMME PLAY THE USUAL HERO , BUT HE ALSO PLAYS THE VILLAIN . VAN DAMME ACTUALLY MAKES A VERY INTRIGUING BAD GUY . THIS MOVIE IS DEFINITELY A HIGH STEP UP FROM MOVIES LIKE '' DESERT HEAT '' AND '' LEGIONNAIRE '' . GOOD ACTION SEQUENCES AND A CLEVER PLOT . VAN DAMME SHOULD PLAY A VILLAIN MORE OFTEN . THIS SHOULD BE A TREAT FOR ACTION FANS AND VAN DAMME FANS ALIKE . ACTUALLY ONE OF VAN DAMME 'S BEST MOVIES .
 I really have n't seen much of Jean-Claude Van Damme lately , but when I found out that he was finally making `` Replicant '' , I knew that I had to check it out for myself . I was waiting for `` Replicant '' to come to theaters , but it never showed up . So I looked around on the Internet to see if it was coming to DVD or video soon , and sure enough , there it was ! When I saw it on my DVD player , I found out that it was a really great Van Damme film ! `` Replicant '' centers around Van Damme as a serial killer being hunted down by Michael Rooker 's character as a jaded cop who has spent months tracking the killer down , but somehow he got forced to retire . The National Security Force offers Rooker a chance to finally catch the killer once and for all . The solution
 great movie , and highly recomended.not only for van damme 's fan , but for any action movie fans . why his movies are not released in theatres , is a mystery !
 This is one of my top picks for Van Damme , he plays two parts a serial killer and a clone . They clone the serial killer to help them catch him . .
 I actually enjoy this movie by an Dame . I do n't see why people find this movie bad it different from any other movie that has twins other then Twin Dragons this is a flick that you will enjoy .
 Jean-Claude has 3 movies where he plays `` twins ''
 Van Damme stars as a serial killer and the replicant version developed by gov-t . Van Damme acts well and is very funny to watch as the Replicant goes around learning everything around him and gets himself in funny situations . THe movie has a very positive feel overall and is very well done on the story front . Action is great and Van Damme shows off his gymnastics skills again . Everything about the movie is great , so I 'd recommend it . It is a fun action movie to watch .
 JC Van Damme was my favorite action star when I was younger . Before Crouching Tiger and Rumble in the Bronx started the neo-Chinese martial arts movie invasion , Van Damme was king . I watched him get sidelined , disappear for a while , then release movies right to DVD.Replicant should change all that . JC has remained in top form physically , and even improved as an actor . I am not joking when I say he should have gotten an Oscar nod for his dual role in this film.If you can look past the horrible science , namely that a clone has the mind and memories of the original , then we have our story . A just-retired cop , Jake , can not rest as a serial killer targets mothers and savagely murders them . Grim scenes , here . Jake gets a chance to test a secret NSA science project , a replicant of the killer , to see if it will work to catch the killer . If it works , they would clone terrorists and such to track them . The script really gets five stars because there are no holes in it , the viewer is not saying `` what about ... they forgot . . `` The science project is Van Damme as a nameless clone . It is hard to watch the scenes as Jake abuses him like a dog , how the clone is so baby-like and cowers before the only person he knows . The killer is so evil , I really forgot I was watching the same person play both roles . And you will too.I can not wait to purchase this film for my collection , and I will be telling everyone about it .
 Replicant is probably the most complete Van Damme movie made . It has everything from an enjoyable and well paced plot , solid characters with pretty good acting , and wonderful action scenes.This is not the first movie to have 2 Van Damme main characters . Double Impact was actually the first , but unlike that film , the two in Replicant are actually much more different and are pretty much enemies for the most part . The first Van Damme character we are introudced to is the villain , and Van Damme actually does a really good job fullfilling this role . The villain is not your typical bad guy - this guy is just dirty and has issues . He is obsessed with not only killing , but burning all the `` bad '' mothers he comes in contact with , in return for his own mistreated youth . It seems like nothing can stop this guy in the film , and he rarely gives a care about who gets in the way . He has no trouble killing others and putting plenty in harms way.The other Van Damme character is a clone created in a government program , that hopes clones can successfully sense their real life counterparts , and lead the cops to the villain . At first , the clone goes through some training and has a difficult time adjusting to life , but eventually learns . He finally comes in contact with his villain counterpart , in a series of either rough fights or attempts to join sides with his real life self.The other notable character in the film is Jake -LRB- Michael Rooker -RRB- who has been hunting down the suspect for a long time , and with still no success , decides to retire . The villain still wants him dead , and thats when Jake is asked to work with the clone in the new program to help find the murderer once and for all . There are definetly some emotional moments between himself and the clone - moments of frustration , humor , carelessness , and eventually some bonding.As for action , the scenes are well placed throughout the plot of the movie . All the action never dissapoints , and the fights are very hardcore - from bodies flying , to objects breaking in every scene , each fight is a brutal one . The finale of the movie has the greatest action of all , and mainly involves an intense ambulance driving scene in a parking garage , where Jake is trying to stop the murderer from escaping . There is also plenty of fight action too.This is one of Van Damme 's better movies , and best performances , playing two very different roles well . The movie works well altogther , and is enjoyable in more areas that just the action department . Perhaps one of the last of the great Van Damme movies made is this one . You wo n't be dissapointed .
 The Replicant proves that Van Damme can really act . He again portrays two people as in Double Impact . He is both a villan and his DNA duplicate ... hence `` Replicant '' . Van Damme displays a great range of emotions as the Replicant like a child discovering the world . As the villan he 's truly psycho . The feds make the Replicant of this serial killer called the Torch in hopes of learning how to catch him . The story line will keep you watching , in suspense and guessing . Do n't look for all of the usual martial arts scenes here .
 As in most of my reviews I do n't like to focus on the story of the movie , mainly the quality of the DVD . However , let me just say if more of Van Damme 's movie are like this he may be moving up . Let 's face it after The Quest his career declined slightly . This definetly worth a rental to anybody , but no Van Damme fan 's collection is complete without it . The movie is displayed in a widescreen format and the audio is full Dolby Digital 5.1 . The DVD is pretty nice in the special features department , deleted scenes , trailer , actor & crew bios , etc. . Although the story is a little shaky , the acting is excellent , espcially Van Damme 's . The action scenes were nice and the effects were done very well . I would also like to add that the culminating fight scene was choreographed very nice . This is a very nice DVD and any action fan will enjoy it thoroughly .
 THE MOVIE IS VERY BEUTIFUL , I ENJOYED FROMTHIS MOVIE VERY MUCH AND I WATHIT EVERY WEEK AGAIN AND AGAIN.I HOPE THAT VAN DAMME WELL MAKEMORE MOVIES LIKE THIS EXCELLENT MOVIE .
 Have you seen ` The Watcher ' with Keanu Reeves ? Did you like that ? Well you 'll like this . Pretty much the same story as ` The Watcher ' where there is a killer in black with long hair that kills lonely women and stalks a police officer . But in ` Replicant ' , the killer is cloned . I am a Jean-Claude Van Damme fan and I have to say that this film ROCKS ! Probably Van Damme 's best . Replicant is a sci-fi thriller . Good story and its new and different . The word ` ORIGINAL ' comes to mind . Jean-Claude Van Damme acts good as the killer and the clone . Van Damme 's voice even sounds different as when he 's the killer which shows good acting . The voice of the killer by VD is awesome and he really sounds like a bad guy . The replicant is dumb and acts like a kid in a 40-year old body . Very good acting by Michael Rooker who plays a bad -LSB- ... -RSB- cop . Like most of Rooker 's films , he has a temper . Great film which is a definite recommend for everyone.Recommend : The Watcher -LRB- 2000 -RRB-
 Replicant is a movie where a mask murderer goes on crime sprees killing innocent women . Not only that , this sick murderer -LRB- Jean-Claude -RRB- actually takes pictures of these sick crimes . That 's where Jake comes in -LRB- Michael Rooker -RRB- , Jake is a undercover cop who has been chasing Garrett -LRB- the murderer -RRB- for 3 years , after one particular night he calls it quits and retires from the force at a early age . After he starts getting on with his life he gets an insulting call from Garrett and is given the opportunity by the CIA to help them bring down the murderer . He accepts and heads down the there headquarters . He finds out that they are n't actually the CIA , their Special Forces Unit and they have a DNA sample of the killer and they will use that to create a Replicant -LRB- clone -RRB- of the murderer . After many tests they are finally able to put the Replicant out of hibernation and into the real world.The Replicant is suppose to have the brain capabilities of a 40 year old -LRB- the murderers approximate age -RRB- and if given enough time , it could remember how exactly the murderer went about the killings , how he escaped , who he is , and where he lives , and that 's what they want to get out of him . But the Replicant is like a baby , he needs to learn how to eat sleep , walk , talk , everything . That 's where Jake comes in again , Jake is basically suppose to baby sit the Replicant until he can remember the crimes . The Replicant grows to care for and accept Jake , while he does n't trust anyone else.During the movie we find out more about the murderer and kind of get an inside scoop of how this murderer lives and why he 's doing all these killings . I 'm not going to spoil it for you but let me tell you , this guy is a sick puppy , anyone who has watched Van Damme movies in the past will be shocked at the role he 's playing now . The Replicant meets up with the murderer a few times and each time the Replicant starts to bond with the murderer , since he can think how the murderer thinks , and given enough time , he could read the murderers mind completely . At first the murderer does n't know who the Replicant is but then he eventually finds out.The Replicant is not like many creatures , it copies what people do and say , in one part of the movie where they try to apprehend the Replicant they end up losing , why ? Because anything you show him he learns , if you punch him he learns the exact punch you did , if you put him in a head lock he learns that exact head lock , and that 's what he used to defeat them . I 'm still not going to spoil all the movie but Jake and the Replicant track the murderer down many times , and each time the murderer tricks the Replicant into thinking that their brothers and that Jake is the enemy , The Replicant starts to show his true color by allowing the murderer to escape and apprehending Jake at that . But then the Replicant learns the murderers true colors and turns on the him and that 's what allows Jake and The Replicant to defeat this sick murderer.The movie had a tight budget but it does n't show it at all . Good special effects , good action , good plot , good story . Good Movie .
 First of all , this movie should have been released theatrically instead of going straight to Video . But since the DVD is here , Van Damme 's fans -LRB- and action fans -RRB- should check it out . It is far better than his last 4 or 5 films -LRB- which are very bad
 Jean-Claude Van Damme has reunited with Director Ringo Lam -LRB- Maximum Risk -RRB- for the movie `` Replicant . '' To my surprise , this movie delivers a powerful punch and why it did not get a theatrical release in the United States is unknown . However , it deserved one . This is not the average straight to video/DVD type of movie . The production values are high and the acting by Rooker and Van Damme is very good . Actually , it is Van Damme 's best performance ever and is the caliber of any action star in the `` A '' market today.Van Damme plays a convincing serial Killer and Clone who is directed to track him down . Both characters are well acted . He , for once , does not over act in two roles which could have been very easy to do . Rooker plays a street cop who is obessed with catching the killer . His character is developed well for an action flick and the two pull if off nicely.The fight scenes are terrific and the stunts are great . For action fans-this film is a must . For others , it may not be worth the purchase , but is well worth the showing . You will be entertained .
 While Jean-Claude Van Damme may be a direct to video action star now , Replicant is a surprisingly good film that should have seen time in theaters instead of other Van Damme flops like Knock Off and Double Team . The storyline , which has Van Damme doing double duty as a serial killer called The Torch and a clone of the killer , is instantly ignored as we see how surprisingly creepy and effective Van Damme is as the killer , and how naive and innocent he is as the developing clone . Michael Rooker is great as well -LRB- he always is though -RRB- as the ex-cop on the killer 's trail . The action scenes are very well put together , and as I said before , the acting from Van Damme is so unbelieveably good in his dual roles that you might forgive him for films like Street Fighter and The Quest -LRB- well , maybe not -RRB- , but all in all , Replicant is one of Van Damme 's best , and it is a shame it has gone direct to video .
 I never thought I 'd ever give a Van Damme movie 4 stars . I also never thought I 'd see the day that Van Damme would perform as a `` real '' actor . Well , folks . This is the day , and this is the film . While this may only be a fluke -LRB- like Segal 's UNDER SEIGE -RRB- , one can always hope.Granted , the storyline is n't much to talk about -LRB- what is it that makes Van Damme want to play two rolls ? -RRB- , and the premise itself is absolutely unbelievable ... still , it is not without interest , but one must keep eyes tightly closed to a few plot holes and contrivances . But believe it or not , what helped make this film interesting was Van Damme 's performance -LRB- that and Ringo Lam 's fast , hard-hitting direction -- he also directed Van Damme 's MAXIMUM RISK -RRB- . If you 're not much of a Van Damme fan , I doubt this film will change your mind . But for those of us who enjoy mindless action every now and again , this film turned into a real surprise . Between 1 and 10 , REPLICANT gets a marginal 7 . Happily , I got much more than I bargained for .
 We all know that not everyone is a Van Damme fan , and that Martial arts actors have no brains just brawn ... well not any more . This movie is uncomparible to any other of the magnificiant movies this muscles from Brussels has ever produced before . Its a cross between `` Rain Man '' and the `` Matrix '' with Van Damme playing the role of both a B.O.S.E and a Killer , in the same movie ! It has n't gotten this hot since Double Impact my friends . I would suggest you 'd be sitting down for this one , because this will have you crying , and cheering all within the amazing acting ability of the man , VAN DAMME !! Get Ready For the SILENT POWER ...
 REPLICANT as indicated in the Amazon review is a surprisingly good movie . Jean Claude van Damme gives one of his most convincing performances in two roles
 I wish I had a replicant as well . That way one of me could watch this movie 24 hours a day . It is a masterpiece worthy of AFI top 100 movies . The fact that it was snubbed by the oscars is a travesty.I used to think of Michael Rooker as a poor mans David Morse . Now I view the man as the only real actor ever to grace the face of the planet . Watch this movie and you will feel his inner turmoil as a man paired with a clone of his serial killing rival . If you only see one straight to video Van Damme film this year make it REPLICANT !
 I 've seen replicant in the theater in belgium , where it got a cinematic release . I 've been a van damme fan for a long time , but still i went with mixed feelings . Let 's face it , van damme has made a couple off bad careerchoices the last couple of years . His last movies did n't do so well , and they were n't really great either . But this movie suprised me , ok , the storyline is a bit thin , -LRB- van damme plays the torch , and to catch him they make a clone of the torch , but the clone must learn about life to , pretty funny -RRB- , but there 's pretty good acting in it , a few action scenes which are really great . It 's good entertainment , a good action-thriller . If you like movies like the watcher , then you 'll defenitely appreciate the replicant . Good movie , but nothing more , just put your mind at zero , and watch .
 Absolutely amazing . I mean , the guy had been written off for so long , I really did n't have many expectations for this movie , but it was a surprise and a half . The GOOD kind , too.Ringo Lam also directed the tepid Van Damme film `` Maximum Risk '' , but at least the fight scenes showed panache . You 'll find this film mirrors `` The Sixth Day '' -LRB- if for no other reason but that Michael Rooker stars in both -RRB- , and actually beats it for sheer watchability.It 's a lot of fun to see Van Damme brutalize any innocent bystander that gets in his way ; he must have had a ball with that role . On the other hand , watching him perfect his ` Rain Man ' side added a touch of pathos and humour as well -- I think this movie represents his best acting yet , and believe me , that is saying a lot.Some of the deleted scenes should have been left in for further character development , but overall , it 's a tight , well-paced thriller/action film that really deserved a theatre release . Absolutely recommended .
 In the most compelling Van Damme picture yet , he acts as a serial killer and a clone , or in other words , ` replicant ' . He has the mind of a five-year-old in a forty-year-old man 's body . The clone learns how to stand , walk and sit all at once . Good boy . `` Sit ! '' is a typical command from his master , Jake -LRB- Michael Rooker -RRB- who is also a cop . Retirement was on his agenda , but the psychopath stopped him from putting down his gun . The clone helps Jake find the killer and all mayhem occurs ! The clone can do ballerina tricks and the killer knows martial arts . They fight in a bar and the killer actually picked up a vacuum cleaner and threw it ! Strength ! The clone started to pick up on his senses and helped Jake get the killer . He started to feel emotions and feel saddened by the loss of the killer 's mother . Van Damme is an ultra genius for this one and the ending will leave you sobbing the night away .
 I used to see this on my DVD several years ago . I still enjoy this film . I was most impressed by Jean Claude Van Dammeportryal of the Replicant . Very good job . I also did find some stuff funny.This does n`t have the best or most action scenes i have seen in a Van Damme film . Marnie Alton who plays the kindhooker was sexy . Michael Rooker who plays his nicely in my opinon.Picture quality
 I have to admit ... I am not big on Van Damme . But he really impressed me in this movie ... first as a callous , cold killer and second as an innocent clone . His acting was better than before . Michael Rooker put on a great performance as well.I do n't feel the need to go into the plot as others have done . But it is a movie that you will enjoy , if you like psychos and action .
 Van Damme plays two roles in this film and does so with believability and suprising talent for a martial arts/action hero . For a bogus plot it is quite believable if that makes any sense :--RRB- This may be his finest performance yet . If you at all liked timecop you will likely enjoy this . Lots of action throughout . Rooker is a total -LSB- ... -RSB- -- typical cop type character that was enjoyable to hate throughout the film and in some ways you will like the serial killer -LRB- The Torch -RRB- better than Rooker 's character -LRB- although he does ultimtely grow in to a more likeably character as the story progresses -RRB- , but the true hero and the guy to root for is the serial killer 's clone played by Van Damme with a buzz cut . Clone Van Damme displays a child 's innocence , a man 's ability to choose right over wrong , and a swift kick to the arse to back up the side of the fense he ultimately chooses to stand on . Watch it !!!!!!
 amazing how this action flick stands the test of time . when i first saw it in theaters when it was released , i really dug it , and guess what , i still dig it !
 I was pleasantly surprised by this Claude Van Damme movie . Ahead of it 's time in terms of genetics research and nature vs nurture . It 's theory that although someone may have the identical DNA as another person , their ultimate personality profile is dependent on their own personal experiences ... especially those formed from one 's childhood . It is now a known research fact , that although identical twins are born with the exact DNA at birth , by the time they are aged ... their DNA looks no different than that of typical siblings . Why ? ... because their differing life experiences have altered their DNA on a cellular level . Both leads give excellent and affecting performances , especially Van Damme 's dual performance . Although I did find the violence a bit excessive , I would recommend this movie to anyone who is interested in a unique plot line and the fascinating theory of `` Tabula Rasa '' -LRB- nature vs nurture -RRB- .
 JEAN CLAUDE VAN DAMME AT HIS BEST ! USUALLY I LOVE TO JUST WATCH HIM MOVE , WATCH HIS MARTIAL ARTS MOVES . HE PLAYS GOODAND BAD GUYS IN THIS ONE , HE WAS SUPURB . I AND MY SONL ENJOYED IT VERY MUCH INDEED !!!!
 I ordered this movie for my son also . It took longer for this movie to arrive than the others that I had ordered , but not over the time frame that I was given . It was in good condition when it arrived and Luke has watched it over and over .
 I have seen his movie double impact where he plays two roles but this movie it seemed he actually did some acting for it.I enjoyed it and glad to have it in my collection .
 The movie is great van damme does a great job playing both characters . also comes with a few features witch i thought were very nice .
 A systematic and comprehensive account of the life and work of the iconic Courbet in less than an hour ! Beautifully well done ! Thank you !
 It 's easy for me to think about realism as a movement of the 1700s and impressionism as one of the 1900s . However , here is a realist painter who lived entirely in the 19th century . In the same way that Da Vinci and Michelangelo did not get along , this work says Monet thought Courbet was `` pass ` e. `` The work uses blurry images for their reenactments . They use an actor with a unibrow to portray Courbet , yet photos of the painter suggest he had two separate brows . This work may be highly influenced by `` Behind the Music . '' When the narrator speaks of Courbet 's death , they show a lit candle falling upon a painter 's palette.Like many other painters , Courbet was a lady 's man who never married . The work stated that he liked to fake his class background . Many people think Madonna grew up in a poor area of Detroit , but actually her father was an engineer . The Hughes Brothers were raised in the suburbs , not the ghetto that they represented in `` Menace II Society . '' Surprisingly , Courbet lived when Marxist writers were publishing , so it 's odd that those writers are never mentioned.Like many artists of the 19th century , the work states that Courbet loved Japanese prints . Later , it shows a painting of his mistress . The work never connects the two . The female figure is presented as having epicanthic eyelids and yet none of the scholars note it.The work emphasizes that Courbet was critiqued for his lack of showing dimensionality . What stood out to me was how so many paintings seemed blurry and cracked . I wonder if the French government can pay to have his work cleaned the way the Sistine Chapel has been cleaned.There are artists who are political , but only in words . This work says Courbet was imprisoned for his support of political movements . This was an artist who paid for his views in many ways , including exile .
 This is a great thriller about 2 ladies seeking justice and revenge !! It 's a must see !!!
 This video did a good job of portraying Manson and crew as being real people and it shows how funny and cool their personalities are . I think that the Christians should back off and let us listen to our music . You do n't see us protesting Jars of Clay concerts , do you ?
 the video was excellent i thought it was well put together ... and is a thing everyone should see it ... it was enjoyable ...
 congratulation for yuors videos is a excellent
 Amazing video in terms of the live footage , it really brings to light the impact Marilyn Manson has a on a visual basis as well as through the music - Mad B ****** !! Also inculdes some cool insights by Manson but they are best read in his book -LRB- Long Hard Road ... -RRB- Overall brilliant just too damn short !! Did n't want it to end !!
 I THOUGHT THIS VIDEO WAS THE BEST I HAVENT SEEN A DOCMENTARY VIDEO BETTER THEN THIS IN A LONG WHILE PROBABLY SINCE THE DOORS CAME OUT WITH ONE OF THERE OWN I WOULD HAVE TO SAY IF YOU BUY ONE MUSIC VIDEO DOCUMENTARY THIS YEAR YOU HAVE GOT TO BUY THIS ONE AND THAT 'S ALL I HAVE GOT TA SAY ABOUT THIS VIDEO
 Marilyn Manson is the best artist ever . I am the BIGGEST Manson fan ever and when I saw this video it was just so wonderful !!! It shows him in all of his emotions , on stage and off . I think if you watch this video then you would see Manson more as a human than a monster . Of course , I have always seen him as humane and human . IF YOU DO N'T HAVE THIS VIDEO , GET IT !!!!
 Has great video clips and shows the real side of manson . It shows the people who are afraid of what `` power '' that manson has ... i my self am a manson fan and i think this video portraits him at his best so far .
 The first half is kinda slow . The stuff I 'm not really in to about the band . It 's got the protesters , though . Starting minute 32 it really gets great .
 Great video , pretty short though , but there is alot of songs , and backstage stuff which makes it worth while
 This video is a must for all Marilyn Manson Fans . All the backstage footage gives a good look into the cool and bizar world of Manson with crazy groopies , drugs , alcohol and angry protesters . The Live Performances are totally cool specially where Manson rips a Bible apart and walks on stilts . If you not already got this video buy it now . Only downside is that it is only an hour long . Too short .
 this video was fantastic !!! manson must have spent a fortune getting all kinds of camera shots . let 's see , what songs were on there ... um ... well , it starts out with some close-minded christians running around with their ridiculous signs in front of a manson concert . then it grinds right into ` angel with the scabbed wings ' . the other songs on the tape are ' 1996 ' , ` lunchbox ' , ` apple of sodom ' , ` sweet dreams ' , kinderfeld ' , ` antichrist superstar ' , ` the beautiful people ' and i think that 's about it . all of the concerts are filmed live from one of the ` dead to the world ' tour stages . highlights
 If you think you know Marilyn Manson simply because you 've read about him and listen to his music on a daily basis , well I 've got news for you
 I personally think that this is the most extreme , intense and superb live video I have ever seen . Many people hate Marilyn because he is so extreme , but that is why I respect him . He is n't fake , you 'll see that on this video . He is not Brian Warner , he has made a lifestyle choise and is now 100 % antichrist superstar . He does n't compromise his lifestyle , and I got the impression from the video that he 's just as extreme off stage as on stage . Highlights on the video include live-versions of
 When i was younger , the tour on this tape came to the civic center in my city , and that was the first i had heard of manson . I did not go -LRB- it sold out pretty quickly -RRB- , now after watching this video , i am mad for not going ! The video starts out with protestors and then cuts to the concert footage with `` Angel with the scabbed wings '' , then it has backstage footage , and more concerts , and so on . He does amazing on stage , he sounds good , and is not afraid to go to the extremes . If you are easily offended , this video is DEFFINETLY NOT FOR YOU !!! But , if you are like me , and love both marilyn manson and shock factor , then you must get this tape . I have watched this tape almost more than i have listened to the cds . I am addicted , and i am loving it !! YOU MUST BUY IT NOW !!!!
 The video contains a 1996 documentary of the controversial Antichrist Superstar tour . The video features 10 songs from the Antichrist Superstar album and the albums before it . Manson delivers a chaotic performance through every one of the songs.Aside from the live performances there are also segments of behind the scenes footage of the band as well as the protesters who tried so very hard to stop the show from happening . Manson briefly states his philosophy in his commentaries.See U In The Future ...
 The first thing that strikes while watching this video is the fact that it 's so shocking ! You get to see Manson cut himself and ask the crowd to spit on him ... But that just adds to the experience , there 's no other words to describe this video , it 's an unmissable experience . You get to see the best songs off AntiChrist played live -LRB- Beautiful People , Irresponsible Hate Anthem and a special version of 1996 -RRB- plus some older songs -LRB- Lunchbox ... -RRB- . There 's also a lot of backstage footage in between each live song and some very interesting interviews with Manson , although what he says is already in his autobiography . If you ever wanted to see Manson live but never got the opportunity this is the video to buy , believe me you wo n't regret it . . In my opinion , the only thing it 's missing is `` Mister Superstar '' but I ca n't have everything can I : -RRB-
 Then you 'll love it . If not , then rent Bambi . For those idiots that STILL believe all those lame rumors -LRB- removing ribs to perfom felatio on himself -RRB- well then you should n't be watching this sort of video and should probably stick to wrestlin ' anyway . It 's a show ... it 's for shock value ... GET IT ?!?! Why do you think he does all the `` bad '' stuff -LRB- ripping bibles , giving oral sex to Twiggy on stage , self mutilating , etc -RRB- he does ? TO GET PEOPLE TO PAY ATTENTION ! Wake up America ... this is n't the wonderful place many of you seem to think it is ... he 's trying to point that out ... trying to wake people up . Do some history on the guy before you rip him , he actually went to a CHRISTIAN school ... yeah that 's right ... and there he learned how cruel this world can be . It 's a great video depicting an over the top performer ... but as I said ... if you 're into this sort of thing then you 'll love it !
 I was shocked when I was the opening scene for this tape . I was only fifteen when I first viewed this tape . The drugs , nudity and disturbing images were pretty cool to me then , and are even more intresting now than ever . I give this one four stars because most of the concert is recorded with an open mic thus making the sound a B + for quality . Here you get ten live songs and back stage footage . Get this if you have n't seen Manson live that 's all I have to say .
 IF YOU WAN NA SEE AN ACTION&MUSICAL VIDEO , DO'NT WASTE YOUR TIME . JUST ORDER IT AND YOU 'LL FIND OUT THAT I 'M RIGHT.THE VIDEO IS SHOCKING , MUSIC IS FANTASTIC AND ENJOYABLE.IF THAT 'S WHAT YOU WANT IT , THEN YOU GOT IT ... . THEY 'RE NOT COMPAIRABLE WITH ANY OTHER BANDS ... THEY 'RE DIFFERENT ; THAT 'S WHAT I LIKE ABOUT THEM
 I thoroughly enjoyed it simply because of the live footage of Antichrist Svperstar . It 's worth buying the video for that . I just wish he 'd put it to DVD . You ca n't pick up ANYTHING on that ... HiFi VHS quality ... . 1996 was ... . The backstage footage was ... . Buy it with God is in the TV.CIAO , COOKIE
 PERSONALLY THIS IS MY FAVORITE COLLABORATIONS OF CONCERT FOOTAGE .
 This video shows many of Manson 's viewpoints on things , and just how insane he can get at concerts . It is addictive due to its element of suprise . A MUST SEE FOR ALL ... THIS IS MARILYN MANSON
 Weather you love him or hate him , you have to see this video . Unlike most tour videos , `` dead to the world '' focuses more so on the band and the music than where they went . It becomes an enevatible anamated bible in the eyes of us mansonites , and I 'm ashamed if you dont have this and you call your self a fan . Its more than a must have , it 's a necessity .
 It 's a great video , but I was hoping to see the entire concert , not just a few -LRB- 10 or so -RRB- songs . Still worth it though .
 `` Dead to the world '' Is an awesome movie ... . The concert footage is awesome ... . the movie is just a must see !! If you love Marilyn Manson you have to see this amaizing movie ! Its just so awesome !! All you Manson fans ... . go see it , and if you already have ... . go see it again !!!!!! > : - -RRB-
 its a great video , thats not a bootleg , and has the marilyn manson seal of quality * grin *
 This entire video will keep you in awe and the element of surprise with his stage presence is second-to-none ! If you have never seen MM is concert , this is the next best thing ... !
 Great footage , great song set . Needs a bit more M.W. Gacy , but shows each member in their element ! The best ever !
 Just one , um , word - drooooooool
 Marilyn Manson is the best !! This video captured my heart in all of the Bands aspects ! From Behind the scenes to live Concert footage . . you will never get bored watching _ Dead To The World ! - Drusilla
 It was beautiful . * sniff * I love you , Twiggy
 Even from the first dialog from Marilyn himself , this video keeps Kicking Ass ! Alot of Live perofrmances and back-stage action . Mr. Manson talks about alot of his experiences on the tour and his life . Not to long , but you will watch it in awe over and over over . I give this video a big ol' SHEMHAMFORASH !!!!
 I have seen many music videos in my time by all different artists and I am saying this is one of the best !!!!!!!!!
 I , ve said it once and ill say it again
 This video is great . I purchased it when it first came out and when I viewed it I got this real good feeling . It was awsome . I also want to grow up and be a big rock and roll star . I do n't think anybody can top Manson 's form of music though . It has humorous footage of Christian protesters , it is so funny to watch , it would p *** you off to have all those people at your heals all the time though . If you 've never been to a Manson concert , buy this video !!!
 One of the best concert films of the year . I watched it with my mom and she even liked it . It shows alot of backstage scenes that -LRB- normal -RRB- people rarely ever see . The only disapointment was that the `` live '' songs were obviously dubbed , and during the interview sequences , Mr. Manson 's voice was distorted . But other than those little pet peeves , it was a great video worth every penny . The shots of the live performance were so close that you 'd have to be a band member to get that close . I 'd recommend it to anyone who likes Manson . END
 This is the graetist book of all time it tells all the reasons manson IS the way he is I think you should get this book and read over wether your a fan of his music or not . END
 This video shows Marilyn Manson at their best . The sound quality and video quality are excellent . Pick it up if you like Marilyn and after you have watched it ... You 'll like them even more . END
 Decent footage , and a tempered representation of Marilyn Manson 's tour of self-destruction . This video fell somewhat short of what I had expected , but this is definitely one film I would n't bring back home to Mom for a `` Family Film Night '' . But awe heck , anyone who has one of those needs a good reality check anyways . Go see it ! END
 Although mildly entertaining , I felt that this video was too short , and not informative . Not enough time was spent on many subjects , and sometimes the audio is a little fuzzy . For better or for worse I would only recommend this to the hardcore fans . END
 This movie is top , I would recomend it to any die hard manson fan . I love his music , I love his look , I love marilyn manson . Go out and buy this video guys , do it now .
 MARILYN MANSON AND HIS SIDE KICKS OF TOMFOOLERY ARE HEADING THE ROAD ... AND THEY WILL FIND CHRISTIANS AND THEY WILL FIND DRUGS ... AN THEY WILL FIND MUSIC ... A HEARTFEALT VIDEO , NOT FOR THE SQWEEMISH .
 This video shocked as much as it rocked , this went to show how much of an awesome live performer Manson is , which I witnessed for myself at the Big Day Out . This vid also had an awesome set list which includes `` Angel with the Scabbed Wings '' , `` Lunchbox '' Sweet Dreams '' and `` The Beautiful People ''
 This video shows marilyn and the other members of the band as real people . It shows their many different personalities . They are VERY FUNNY . So I recommend this video if you really want to get a look at what manson goes through just to put on a great show !!! His book is also a MUST READ !!!!!!! Get both of them .
 This is must have for Marilyn Manson fans ! Featurs live concert action , and behind the seens footage . See Marilyn swim in the nude ! See Twiggy vomit in the parking lot ! See the good Christians protest ! Blood and chaos ... it 's all here . A wondreful peak inside the world of Marilyn Manson .
 A year and a half ago I began collecting Manson 's interviews because I was always fascinated by that `` character '' . I must say that I was quite shocked after seeing that 60 minutes tape . I could n't help but wonder how a smart man like that could go from very calm in an interview to completely berserk on stage . It 's not that I do n't agree with his form of expression , it 's just that sometime he takes it to far . He also makes a lot of good statements about everything from religion to American 's ideology . Anyway , I discovered much more about Manson and I think that any narrow minded xtian , Manson hater or simply someone who 's interested in Manson 's strange life style should buy it -LRB- Not to forget any fan -RRB- . Another thing that you should get is Manson 's book
 I just got this video in the mail , and i watched it , and it is so good , words cant describe it , but ill try . The video starts off with some christian protesters and goes into angel with the scabbed wings . Then there is some back stage footage , which is really good . The whole video has the following songs live
 I still recall how this group exploded like a nightmare on the masses when `` Sweet Dreams '' hit radio and Mtv ... back then a lot of people were absolutley threatend by this group and their message , they could hardly play anywhere live !!! they were being banned left and right from performing in every part of the world !! I was in jr high and one year after returning from summer vacation the Anti-Christ tour had just gone underway . All of a sudden there were hordes of kids at my school with lunch boxes , doc martins , plaid skirts , fish net stalkings , bondage , and heavy HEAVY eye shadow plus these attitudes that seemed to defy any authority ! and that was just the guys ! It was no wonder why people felt the threat of Marilyn Manson should be taken seriously ... This group and it 's lead man posed the question `` WHY ? '' towards any establishment to a generation that was unwittingly becoming zombified by it 's surroundings.This documentary captures such a time .
 I 'd totally forgotten about this movie , I loaned it to a friend years ago and just had it pop up after completing another review . Ah my Manson-y youth :-RRB- I loved Manson as a teenager and still consider his music my own little personal rebellion and what made me think outside the box as far as religion is concerned . If you love Manson , want to re-live some memories and it 's available on DVD -LRB- mine was VHS -RRB- , buy it and enjoy !
 The entire point of Manson is shock value , right ? Well as seen in this video , the Reverend is capable of much more than just shocking bible thumping Christians . The live performances are beyond belief . The first 5 minutes of the video will keep you staring at the screen for another 55 . This is a great video for all Manson fans to at least watch once . Totally entertaining .
 I bought the video thinking it was a conglomeration of all his -LRB- spectacular -RRB- music videos-and was a bit disappointed that it was live footage till i actually popped it in my VCR and sat down to watch it.Very impressed .
 i think marilyn manson is great in this vidio and i hope that he continues to pump out great hard tunes
 HE IS SO SEXY , AND HE IS SO DAM HANDSOME . I LOVE HIS SONGS AND HIS VIDIOS . I LOVE HIM , HE IS THE BEST . KISSES AND HUGGES FROM LITTLE ME .
 This concert is truely the best . It is much better than Montley Crue , Twisted Sister , and any other 80 's so called Rock with their high squicky voices talking about pouring sugar on me and girls , girls , girls . This is truely a great concert . It is even better than Metallica 's Concerts . I like Metallica and all but they are just not a concert group . They are a music group . They should only make music for people to hear , and probably make videos . But Manson has everything
 dead to the world brings a lot of good footage and it shows what manson is really like i wish christians would get out from under their stupid rocks and stop beLIEving the rumors no ribs were removed no chickens were killed buy the movie
 THIS IS AN EXCELLENT VHS/DVD ! DEFINITELY BUY IT!YOU 'LL BE SO GLAD YOU DID!MANSON 'S THE BEST PERFORMER OUT OF ANYBODY , AND HE GIVES THE BEST CONCERTS OUT OF ANYBODY!MANSON 'S TRULY THE MAN!SOME SONGS HE DOES FIRE.SOME SONGS HE WALKS ON HIS HIGH STILTS.HE DOES DIFFERENT THINGS ALL THE TIME.HIS CONCERTS ARE NEVER BORING.HE 'S ALWAYS EXCITING.THERE 'S SOMETHING ABOUT MANSON WHEN HE MOVES , AND DANCES.THIS VHS/DVD ALSO SHOWS SOME OF WHAT GOES ON BEFORE AND AFTER HIS CONCERTS.HE ALSO TALKS ABOUT DIFFERENT THINGS .
 well there are people out there that dont like the marilyn manson band . i really think that thay are the best band around the world , thay put on the best shows . just because thay are differint and weard doesnt mean for people to dislike them Every one is differnt and weard , so i think that the people who dont like them dont like them selfjust for the people who dont like them and complane about what thay do you are just giveing the band more and more of a pay rise . the more you complane the more the marilyn manson name gets around the world and people like there music i think its greatid like to say thank you to , marilyn manson , twiggy remize , madonna wayne gacy , ginger fish , and john 5 , keep the good work up guys and i wish them all the best in the futureIm really looking forward to the next video on Omega , , , , , cheers , , , , ,
 MANSON REALLY IS THE GREATEST!HE DEFINITELY KNOWS HOW TO PERFORM , AND HOW TO DO A CONCERT!ON THIS TAPE-HE HAS FIRE , HE WALKS ON HIS HIGH STILTS , AND HE SITS ON SOMETHING REALLY HIGH-JUST TO MENTION A FEW THINGS.GET THIS TAPE AND SEE FOR YOURSELF WHAT MANSON CAN DO!YOU 'LL LOVE IT !
 I can strongly recommend this video to both dedicated manson fans and manson newcomers . Most of the video 's content is basically live performance which is excellently captured by the band cameraman . It includes mostly songs from the `` antichrist superstar '' cd but has `` sweet dreams '' , the classic `` lunchbox '' -LRB- very cool live version -RRB- and the rare `` apple of sodom '' . The video also includes a backstage interview with manson , more backstage footage of the band and some anti-manson christian demonstrations and various other titbits . This video is a must have for all fans and portrays an excellent view of what manson is really about .
 If you like Manson than you have to watch thi
 Though it is only one hour long , it is packed with great live performances and behind-the-scenes footage . It contains live versions of `` Angel With The Scabbed Wings '' , `` Lunchbox '' , `` Sweet Dreams '' , `` Kinderfeld '' , `` Apple Of Sodom '' , `` Antichrist Superstar '' , `` The Beautiful People '' , about ten seconds of `` Rock 'n' Roll N **** r '' , a half-spoken version of `` 1996 '' , and `` Irresponsible Hate Anthem '' . It has self-mutilation , nudity , etc. . Not for those with a weak stomach .
 i liked this video because it showed his better songs.it rocks and if you do n't believe me watch it for yourself .
 This film is a night on the barricade taken a step further . A bit short , but a must-see for all Manson fans .
 im from p.e. in south africa and i believe in freedom of speech and if these stupid mother f *** ers dont want to see it dont buy it , it is that simple i am a great fan of marilyn manson and i think that his music is really of another standard all together .
 That movie was a fully explict version of what goes on during a REAL ROCK TOUR . EVERY ONE SHOULD VIEW THIS AT LEAST ONCE
 An unashamed look at Manson 's darker and more excessive period . I was amazed at the power he continually was able to call upon to produce his art . A thrilling example of unfettered self expression .
 This video is for anyone who has ever listened to MARILYN MANSON and have liked what they have heard . MANSON is the BEST singer/band EVER
 This is the koolest movie i have ever seen !!!! If you like Marilyn Manson get this !!!! And if your like me , and your parents wont let yo go to a Manson concert you should get this ! Its must Buy !!!!!! Hail satan ! love ya
 I saw this film at a senior citizens center and after the movie ended , the entire audience clapped . This has never happened before and so it might give some indication that the film is , in it 's own way , a charming motion picture . Quite refreshing . The young star , Frankie Nasso gave a superb performance as JayJay . I rated it 31/2 stars ; therefore moved it up to 4 rather than down to 3 .
 I have just ordered this movie on DVD , after I seen it for the first time on HBO . I really liked what I seen . The movie had great actors and used great footage of Central Park and other parts of Manhattan -LRB- New York -RRB- . The little boy named JJ , played by Frankie Nasso lives in a small cave in Central Park and is beat up on by the bullies . In my opinion , JJ shows a good example that if you set your mind to something , you can always accomplish it . He goes to Manhattan in search of his mother and soon after meeting this couple , whose marriage is falling apart . . he discovers that his mother is dead . :-LRB- In the end he lives with the couple and lives a great life .
 This post is for Doreen Sullivan . You should look for the -LRB- 1977 -RRB- version of Prince of Central Park . It 's truer to the book , it includes his sister and the treehouse . It 's not out on video , but you might be able to find it at your local video store .
 I ordered this DVD during the holidays and was surprised at how fast it arrived . The price was reasonable and the DVD was brand new.Thanks for such great service !
 I love the Sunrise Tai Chi DVD . Purchase it and enjoy it.Rumi
 This is an excellence DVD . It takes you thur all the steps , and explains everything in detail . You can start anyway thur the menu . I am truely enjoying learning Tai Chi .
 Top quality production.Tons of information.Top quality instruction.This is an excellent DVD .
 This Tai Chi DVD is wonderful . I have only done the introductory part and it has helped my balance and legs already . I also bought Mr. Rones Sunset Tai Chi to do before I go to bed and that has helped relieve tension in my sholder and neck muscles.The exercises in the beginning take over an hour to do but are done slowly enough so a novice can see how to do them . Some of are basic stretch exercises others zero in on specific muscle groups and all of them make me feel better . In spite of being introductory , I can only do them every other day . But my disposition is improving -- I am happier and have more energy and this after only a couple of weeks . It helps my arthritis too . I am more flexible.I still hav n't tried or looked at the rest of the dvd where actual T'ai Chi exercises are put together in a seamless flowing field of energy and movement . However , for the part I am working on , I do want to say , Thank you , Mr. Rones !!!
 Sunrise Tai Chi is a highly informative and flexible -LRB- so to speak -RRB- introduction to the topic . As a relative beginner , who is both a cancer patient and an academic neurologist , I have found Rones ' style to be direct , logical , and easy to follow . He breaks down every exercise into manageable components that can be adapted to any level of experience , physical condition , or age . The visual effects and music also enhance the instruction .
 This DVD is the best one I have seen yet . The instuctor is clear and precise in teaching and has many many focus/meditative relaxing drills that I love for warm ups before I start my own forms . It does not go into detail on Tai Chi forms or history so if that is what you are looking for this DVD is not for you , but I would recommend this DVD to anyone at any point in their training from beginner to advanced just for the warm ups alone and the wonderful way the instructor moves as he teaches . Simply Amazing !
 I 've done other Tai Chi videos in the past and this is compares well to others . There are lots of facets to the video , and I recommend you take an initial look at all the areas on teh DVD before trying any of them . There are parts for instruction and others for meditation , tai chi , etc. . My husband enjoys doing this very much as well .
 `` Sunrise Tai Chi '' is an instructional DVD with Ramel Rones that contains over three and a half hours of demonstration , instruction , and follow along workouts . It is a very comprehensive program that teaches a Tai Chi form that he calls Sunrise Tai Chi that is a morning exercise sequence designed to awaken the senses , stimulate the mind , and fill your body and spirit with abundant energy . If you are looking for a Tai Chi program to start your day , this DVD instruction on Sunrise Tai Chi fits the bill very nicely . I also want to point out that Rones also wrote a book of the same title , and it and this DVD can be used together to enhance a person 's learning.Again , this DVD contains a lot . Nearly four hours . There is a short introduction -LRB- about eight minutes -RRB- that features Rones doing tai chi outside with a voice over providing an introduction to tai chi . Next comes the first part which consists of demonstrations . You can watch all the way through , or with the easy and detailed menu , you can select which exercise you want to view . The demonstration portion of the program consists of twenty-five chapters and the movements demonstrated include sitting and standing meditation , organ massage , four gates breathing , tai chi ball , various stretches and loosening body parts , walking in place exercises , tai chi movements and the Sunrise Tai Chi form . These are all done in an outside setting with music and a voice over narrating certain aspects of the movements . The demonstration portion of the program is about sixty-four minutes long.Next comes the instruction section . This portion starts with Rones getting out of a bed , that has been set up in the studio . He then goes into the instructing of the various components in this morning routine . This portion does not have a voice over , but rather Rones talking and teaching to the camera . I like this kind of instruction much better and was glad that he instructs this way for the teaching section of the DVD . Again , like the demonstrations , you can watch the entire instruction straight through , or you can select from the menu which part or parts you wish to review . -LRB- You will want to use this , since this portion of the DVD is about two hours and twenty-eight minutes long . -RRB- The last few movements he teaches are done without the bed in view , and he does bring in a couple of assistants to help demonstrate the tai chi movements he teaches . The end of this instruction portion of the program shows Rones outside on a large flat rock , and then in a field , doing the Sunrise Tai Chi form with subtitles coming on the screen naming the movements as he performs them . This is the only part of the instruction where he does not teach , nor is there a voice over , just the music playing as he moves.If the above were all you got with this DVD , it would still be a great resource . But the DVD also contains three follow along workouts of different lengths . 20 minute , 40 minute , and 60 minute workouts are included , and you can choose them with flute/harp music or with piano . These follow along workouts show Rones doing the movements with some voice over . The DVD also contains the standard YMAA extras.This really is a detailed and informative instructional program on Rones ' Sunrise Tai Chi , and I recommend it highly for anyone interested in a morning tai chi routine to get their day started.Reviewed by Alain Burrese , J.D. , author of the Lock On Joint Locking Essentials series .
 This is a good DVD for beginners in order to learn the basic Thai Chi moves . This makes more advanced programs easier and faster to learn . Great for seniors to help with stretching and balance . Also very relaxing . Arrived promptly after ordering and in excellent condition .
 This was a great way for me to get started in Tai Chi . Ramel Rones does a great job of explaining what your doing and why . In fact my whole family has joined in with me . I feel strong and have more balance and control.This DVD has worked well for me .
 This DVD is extensive in the amount of material that it presents - it guides you thourgh porper demonstration/form , more detialed instruction and the workouts , which range in length of time.The is alot of valuable information on this video and it is well worth the effort to try to watch it all - great care for the subject matter is obvious throughout the DVD.This is a great addition to my exercises .
 Sehr gute DVD 's von Ramel Rones ! Ich bin wirklich stark beieindruckt ! So etwas sollte mann schon in der Schule lernen !
 Combines visualization , breathing , easy enough movement . He 's low-key , straightforward , no jargon here though he strikes me as a spiritual person
 I received my Tai Chi video a few weeks ago and have only used it a few times because of my schedule but I love it . I am a beginner and am 63 years old with problems with arthrists so many things are difficult for me to do . This video teaches you evertying slowly and completely . When I retire in July I plan to use it every morning when I get up . It is gentle on the body but is a good workout and wonderful way to stay limber and able to have full body motion . For me this is the perfect answer to staying in shape while aging without the hard knocks some other types of exercise can do to the body .
 This DVD is excellent . As I said about the Sunset DVD by Ramel Rones , I am no expert but I could not be more pleased that I have these two DVDs and I plan on learning Tai Chi from this great teacher .
 I am fortunate to have taken classes with Rami and this DVD is the next best thing to being in his class . Whatever your level of ability , this DVD will help you , not only to learn the basics of Tai Chi but the underlying philosophies as they pertain to you as an individual . It 's probably best to watch the entire disc before beginning to practice -LRB- true of most instructional DVD 's -RRB- . In doing so , you can select the appropriate section from the main menu and begin a more customized lesson/workout . Sunrise Tai Chi is a wonderfully follow-able -LRB- is that a word ? -RRB- DVD . I highly recommend it as well as the accompanying book . Rami is a `` force of nature '' and his DVD 's are a must-have .
 If you are looking for a deep but simple and powerful routine to do in the morning , this DVD is for you ! The teacher , Ramel Rones , is an extremely experienced instructor and has been a disciple of Dr. Yang , Jwing-Ming since 1983 . Rones is a gold-medal winning martial artist in China and the USA in several bare hand forms and weapons forms.This DVD teaches a short form taiji that the author calls Sunrise Taiji . This form consists of the first seven movements of the traditional Yang-style long form taijiquan taught at Y.M.A.A. schools , under Master Yang , Jwing-Ming . You may search `` YMAA Taijiquan lineage '' for more information on this style.This 4-hour program also includes a warm up routine , breathing exercises , qigong and meditation , leg stance instruction , and many other exercises that are taught in person similar to what you would find were you to attend a traditional taijiquan class with a Chinese master.The depth of what this DVD has to offer becomes abundantly clear on multiple viewings and can lead the student to a profound understanding of energy and the body .
 I bought the Sunrise Tai-Chi , Sunset Tai Chi , and Tai-Chi Energy Patterns DVDs as well as the Sunrise Tai Chi book several weeks ago . So far , I 've read several chapters of the Sunrise Tai-Chi book . It 's well written and reinforces the DVD of the same name . I 've also used either the Sunrise Tai Chi or Tai-Chi Energy Patterns DVD every day . Both DVDs are excellently produced and convenient to use , with an well organized system of menus and submenus.The Sunrise DVD contains instructional sections that walk you step by step through each and every exercise , demonstrations that show you how it 's done by a master , and complete workouts of varying length . So far , with Sunrise Tai-Chi I 've been following along every day with the instructional parts up to the Tai-Chi movements , which I do n't think I 'm ready for quite yet.Mr . Rones stresses the need to master the foundations -- basically Qi Gong exercises -- before moving on . He 's right . It would be a waste , maybe injurious to proceed too quickly . I find I ` learn something new each time I listen to Mr. Rones explain an exercise and then do it myself . I often repeat the same exercise several times . The movements , breathing , and visualization fee great , both physically and mentally . I finish -- after about 60-90 minutes -- feeling great
 Very well done and great instruction . This is good for beginners and those with some experience . Covers the essentials of Tai Chi - the breath work , proper stretching and warm ups then an explanatin of how to do the forms.He does a great job of all these . I looked aroound for a good Tai Chi DVD and this one looked good , it surpased my expectations . I highly recommend it and do not hesitate to purchase this one .
 I received this DVD as a christmas present . I finally tried it yesterday and started at the very beginning . Of course I was not an instant pro at it ; it takes time to learn all the forms . I just followed along as best as I could . What a great way to work out and relax . I almost finished the full 1st hour . I just could n't do so many squats the first time . I felt wonderful afterwards . Many thanks to Ramel Rones and all involved in the making of this DVD . I also have the Sunset Tai Chi , but have not tried it yet , since I want to master the beginner course first .
 YMAA publications has done it again with Sunrise Tai Chi ! Ramel Rones does a great job which makes this a superb DVD for everyone , young and old . I also purchased Sunset Tai Chi .
 A simple guide to stretching.It 's easy to follow and so simple sometimes you do n't realize until the next day how much you have accomplished .
 My purchase arrived within days . Being new to Tai Chi I found this DVD helpful . Some parts were too advanced for me so I used that time to review .
 this is a pretty good video on tai chi though learning the chi kung aspect of it I would leave in the hands of an experienced instructor . this is a good video to do along a true tai chi class
 I have n't had the time I 'd like to work through this video . However , I have to say it 's thorough approach appeals to me . I 've already see benefits from the breathing exercises .
 This video is at least 4 hours long . I keep finding more every time I watch it , in the teaching and in the DVD extras . Its worth the price for the ` resource center ' alone , in the DVD extras section , with magazine articles and interviews with the author , where he discusses his work using these exercises to heal cancer , arthritis , and various other illnesses , with testimonials from his patients.Aside from that is is simply a joy to watch this master perform his meditation and Tai Chi . He is an excellent teacher .
 I agree with the other reviews that this is an amazing DVD , and want to mention that it has incredible animations of the Qi energy in the body , as well as easy to understand diagrams of the the brain , glands , and internal organs while the instructor explains how these internal exercises work.Also , many of the exercises are taught in three stages , beginner , intermediate , and advanced , and each stretch is held for three minutes , so I doubt many of us will work our way up to the advanced version of the three minute exercise very quickly.Its a DVD that you can really grow with !
 This is an excellent DVD for beginners ! The explanations and demonstrations before putting it together are wonderful . The only thing lacking if there is one is that it is extremely slow paced . For beginners it is wonderful , but as you become more intermediate , you outgrow it pretty quickly . I would recommend this DVD to beginners and persons with physical challenges or older persons looking to stay in shape -LRB- 70 + -RRB- . If you are younger , it is still a good buy , but I would recommend buying with the intermediate and advanced so you may progress without halting to wait for your next DVD .
 Have spent the past month evaluating the `` Sunrise Tai Chi '' DVD by Ramel Rones , and am much impressed with everything from production values to the quality of instruction.DVD is split into 3 main sections
 I have recently been diagnosed with Graves Disease -LRB- a Thyroid autoimmune disease -RRB- and many books I am reading recommend Tai Chi as a proven help to sufferers.I find this DVD excellent for beginners , my husband is learning it with me . Just watching it makes you relax !! He takes you through every step very thoroughly and with excellent descriptions of how to achieve and what you will gain , including animations of Qi energy . It is very uncommercialised , I just feel like I am in a room one on one with the instructor , which I really like.There is just so much content on here it is excellent value and I am sure will be our Tai Chi bible for many years to come . There is also a great links page to his website , where he has many interesting items , including clothing and music , you can purchase.Highly recommended if you want to learn Tau Chi from a Master properly , not just because it 's the latest ` thing to do ' !
 I have kept myself in good shape over the years stationary biking , rowing machine , swimming , and occassional weight training . Years ago I earned a brown belt in Kenpo style Karate . Having been diagnosed with diabetes several years ago , I decided to recently add martial arts to my exercise routines . Since I can no longer spar or even go barefoot because of foot nueropathy , I decided on tai chi . There is no shortage of tai chi DVD 's but finding good ones is more difficult . The Sunrise Tai Chi with Ramel Jones is definitely the best of the five I tried . The instruction and demonstrations are easily followed . I am looking forward to mastering the exercises and forms in this DVD and continuing with others in the YMAA tai chi series .
 I found this to be the one of the best , easiest to learn from . It is very informative and truly helps understand the movements . I go through many Tai Chi DVD learning videos for our martial arts school , and this one is a good one .
 Ramel Rones is great in this DVD . He 's obviously expert . He 's thorough . He also addresses the senior population -LRB- I 'm not in that target population yet , but will be I hope ! -RRB- . He passes on some of the tradition and gives a good morning workout that leads up to a relatively simple T'ai Chi solo form . and there are three levels of workout , with two selections of music to accompany through the guided workout , I like the choice of music.The training segment is thorough and you should be prepared to spend a while going through this part before really attempting the full workout.The camerawork is good . The video editing is a bit confusing at times -LRB- for example
 I have never done T'ai Chi and got this hoping to acheive greater flexibility . . which I acheived much faster than I would have imagined plus calm centered start to the day.The instructor seems slow until you realise that 's the point.Then it is just right.Music bacgrounds keep me focused.Also I like the combo of sitting and standing exercises.Only reason for lack of 5 stars is I am not experienced with other instructors .
 This DVD has greatly improved my quality of life . I bought it a year ago , and am so glad I did . It provided me with everything I needed to start practicing Tai Chi , and even more . Ramel Rones is an excellent teacher , down-to-earth , but passionate about his subject . His instruction is thorough , but always clear and easy to follow . He explains every movement in the form in detail . The warm-up and breathing exercises are worth the price of the DVD alone . Since beginning the program , I have found that I have grown stronger , and my balance has improved . When I started with the DVD , I had difficulty finishing the 20 minute program , but am now capable of following the 60 minute workout . The workout section offers variations for intermediate and advanced students , which has allowed me to fine-tune my practice , and grow with the DVD . Thanks Ramel Rones and YMAA for sharing the ancient Chinese healing arts !
 I 'm new to Tai Chi so did n't know just what to expect from a DVD of the subject but I 'm pleased with Sunrise Tai Chi -LRB- YMAA -RRB- . It will take some time to learn all the `` moves '' but feel confident that the instructional part of the DVD will teach me . I purchased Gentle Tai Chi at the same time . I have reviewed that separately .
 As others have stated , this is a beautiful , soothing , and very instructive DVD . I have worked with the book by the same title and the Sunset Tai Chi DVD , and find that they complement one another . I have recommended these to many friends and students , and look forward to learning more from these and other fine YMAA publications .
 I asked for beginner 's Tai Chi DVDs for Christmas last year , and got a number of them , but this one is my favorite . When reading the few low ratings that this DVD got , I have to wonder , are these people watching the same DVD ? I found Sunrise Tai Chi easy to navigate and the content clear and simple . There is tons of step-by-step instruction , and every move is explained in detail , providing everything you need to practice Tai Chi .
 I bought this dvd for my husband for Christmas . He was thrilled , as we have talked about taking a class for a long time and we were house-bound with a storm . The only criticism that I MIGHT have is that it is so comprehensive that it is a little overwhelming for a beginner . You really have to dedicate yourself to it to use it . No haphazard attempts at learning .
 This is an excellent DVD . I have taken a couple of Tai Chi classes before at a gym , but this is so much more all-encompassing . I 'd recommend viewing the DVD all the way through before doing any of the movements.I purchased this product from DeeVeeDees and their customer service goes above and beyond the call of duty . The DVDs arrived , according to both USPS and DeeVeeDees , but someone must have nicked the package as I never received it . After months of trying to find out who at USPS delivered the package in order to figure out how or why it disappeared , I gave up . I notified DeeVeeDees and they prompty sent out another one . Now that 's what I call customer service , and you can be assured DeeVeeDees will be my vendor of choice in the future .
 This is a good dvd for someone who is learning . I have just started .
 The author has an excellent imagination , which helped me visualize the benefits of Tai Chi and Qigong . I especially liked and found extremely helpful the four-points breathing , the bubble , and the baton theories . Anyone who practices on a regular basis will see results .
 Cor Blimey premiered on the ITV network on Monday 24 April , 2000 . We were treated to something fantastic - Cor Blimey was , in a word , stunning . I was familiar with the story , in general , having seen the original play and read the script . I was also familiar with the uncanny portrayals of Sid , Babs and Kenny , courtesy of Geoffrey Hutchings , Adam Godley and Samantha Spiro . Despite all that , from the opening theme , typical Carry On stuff courtesy of Barrington Pheloung , to the closing shots of Babs and Kenny -LRB- more on that later -RRB- Cor Blimey is a charming , funny and warm look at the lives of the people who continue to make us laugh 30 years later .
 For anyone who loves the classic `` Carry On '' films , this drama of the behind-the-scenes activities of the making of the low-budget , low-denominator series of films is a delight . All of the actors replicating the seemingly inimitable stars -- Sidney James , Kenneth Williams , Barbara Windsor , Charles Hawtrey and Joan Sims -- are uncanny in their impersonations , and manage to transcend mere immitations to present pictures of the real people . Adam Godley as Williams in particular is stunning , though everyone deserves bouquets . There are some factual errors , to be sure , but the film features witty dialogue to spare , and achieves genuine , moving drama by the end . Comedy is not always pretty , and the people who are masters at creating comedy are not always spotless , and `` Cor Blimey ! '' masterfully shows the hearts and souls and problems behind the people who strive to make us giggle .
 What a marvelous film -- and what a shame that an otherwise superb production in terms of casting , pace , storyline and atmosphere is cursed with second-rate effects that have dated so badly . Christopher Lee once said in an interview that he felt he was probably a little young for the excellent role of the Duc . You certainly wo n't get that impression though watching his authoritative performance.Perhaps Steven Spielberg or George Lucas could be persuaded to buy the rights to the movie and remaster the film in digital with an entirely new sequence of special effects that would be worthy of the cast and the production design ...
 The special effects are not up to par.The acting is good if a bit predictable.The direcing although a bit mechanical is better then average Hammer.The music is typical Hammer.Some corny horror exploitation scenesCris Lee looks way to young for his role.Otherwise for Hammer - one of their best looking and most expensive looking productions.Beautiful sets.Great story about Satan Worshippers.The screenplay by Richard Matheson is excelent and can not be ruined.Great color , beautiful film stock and sound.This film should have been great with that story and screenplay and sets . - but if not a perfect film its is still great fun . In spite of the flaws it s entertaining , fun , colorful and delivers some good chills . The Anchor Bay version is beautiful and well worth owning for horror and occult fans . Even none horror fans will be entertained .
 My favourite movie of Christopher Lee is the knockout Wickerman -LRB- also happens to be his favourite film !! -RRB- , but this one is my second favourite and a really super non-Dracula tale from Hammer , Adapted from the book by Dennis Wheatley . Lee is even the good guy!Lee -LRB- in a role that generally went to Peter Cushing -RRB- plays Richlea , a dapper man with deep knowledge of the esoteric , join forces with a war buddy to save the son of their old friend . The young man , played to perfection by Patrick Mower , has fallen into the clutches Oth Mocata -LRB- Charles Gray played with particular power and menace -RRB- is a high priest to a Devil Cult that has their sites set on Mower and his fortune.An excellent struggle of good vs evil that is tautly written , directed and acted , guaranteed to keep you on the edge of your seat and one you will want to view again and again .
 Excellent Hammer version of Dennis Wheatley 's fine Gothic novel . Christopher Lee stars -LRB- in a rare heroic role -RRB- as Duc de Richleau an occult scholar battling a Satanic cult in 1920s Europe.Director Tarrence Fisher and Screenwriter Richard Matheson create a wonderful period atmoshphere ; and the supporting cast , including genre favorite Charles Gray , give terrific performances . The film , however , belongs to Christopher Lee who brings much pathos and dignity to his role . It is a shame more filmmakers have not tapped into Lee 's unlimited acting potential.Anchor Bay 's VHS edition looks great and sounds better with a new Dolby sound track . The DVD version also from Anchor Bay -LRB- Due July 11 -RRB- looks to be even better as it includes a Dolby Digital -LRB- 5.1 -RRB- track and a commentary from Christopher Lee.The Devil Rides Out is a classic Hammer thriller sure to please fans .
 This is in my opinion Hammer 's best film of the sixties and definately Christopher Lee at his very best . Refreshing to see the screens greatest villain in a heroic role for once and to appear in a film which he survives without being staked , disintegated or burnt to death . Hammer 's star director Terence Fisher is back on fine form with this taut satanic thriller which is the best adaption of a Dennis Wheatley novel to be translated to the screen . Chris Lee plays the Duc de Richeleau a nobleman out to protect his young protege Patrick Mower from falling into the clutches of a group of satanists led by the excellent Charles Gray -LRB- remember him as Blofeld in Diamonds Are Forever and as Henderson in You Only Live Twice -RRB- . Excellent set pieces troughout including a classic scene in which the Angel of Death turns up on a horse to claim a soul and can not return empty handed . Superb acting throughout from all paties including Leon Greene and Nike Arrighi but this film is a landmark in the careers of both Christopher Lee and Terence Fisher and its the only Hammer film where both of them can really excel themselves makes one wonder why the studio did n't use them more wisely before . This is a classic film and although a little dated in parts still remains one of the best satanic horror films ever made .
 With the early Hammer films -LRB- Quatermass , Horror of Dracula , Frankenstein -RRB- this is surely one of the best features the studio ever made.For once Christopher Lee is cast as the hero , one Duc de Richleau , a change from the usual malevolent characters he always seems to play . The plot is very staightfoward , a friend of the de Richleau becomes involved with an satanic cult , being an expert on such matters he immediately realises the severity of his friends obsession . With the hep of his friend Rex Van Ryn -LRB- Leon Greene -RRB- they discover that this occult is overseen by Mocata -LRB- Charles Gray -RRB- and are determined to put a stop to it . Such a plot is the usual staple of B-movie Devil worship shenigans but be prepared for some intelligent filmmaking of this genre . Director Terence Fisher plus Christopher Lee plus a good sreenplay plus good production values always yields a decent movie , this being a very good example . With regards to Mocata -LRB- Charles Gray -RRB- a particular scene where he attemps to hypnotise his way into the `` Safe House '' is one of my favorite film moments . Five stars to Anchor Bay for another excellent presentation . The presentation is anamorphically enhanced for widescreen viewing -LRB- 1.66:1 -RRB- and with a quite superb 5.1 Dolby Digital remastered soundtrack -LRB- Considering it was made in 1968 I suspect some artistic license was used in its production however the JAMES BERNARD score is very vivid and far removed from the usual mono recordings you would get on VHS -RRB- . As with `` Dracula Prince OF Darkness '' the commemtary with the film is informative feauring Christopher Lee .
 THE DEVIL RIDES OUT is Hammer horror at it 's best and Anchor Bay 's DVD is a gem . Christopher Lee and Charles Gray battle it out -LRB- and put their all into their roles -RRB- in a very entertaining satanic tale of good vs. evil . Although some of the effects are dated and some of the dialog can invoke a chuckle here and there , the film is still very solid and engrossing . The moment early on where the demonic spirit of a black man with glowing yellow eyes appears is still very creepy and effective ... easily one of the scariest moments in any Hammer film ever . So when the movie 's creepy , it 's fun ... and when it 's a bit hokey or campy , it 's fun as well . The DVD includes the US and UK trailers -- almost identical except the title of the film and the UK trailer blacks out parts of the image -LRB- like the spider -RRB- ! There is also a commentary track by Christopher Lee and actress Sarah Lawson . Lee , who had a BIG hand in getting this film made at the time , is understandably very knowledgeable about satanism-witchcraft , Wheatley 's book and the film itself . It 's an interesting track and a great testimony to Hammer . It is sad that Peter Cushing never had a chance to do a commentary for any of his Hammer roles . Anyway , this is great Saturday afternoon viewing ... you ca n't go wrong here !
 This is one of the greatest horror movies of the 60 's . The critic above who stated that this film ` would n't appeal to modern horror fans ' is , sadly , probably right . There 's no MTV heavy metal music droning during some ` cool ' escape sequence . Jennifer Love Hewitt does not get to trill and squeal . Even more painfully , most teenage viewers would be coming to this film without the benefit of a 24-hour MTV ad blitz to tell them that it was a ` cool ' film to see at the local multiplex before going out for a pizza with their respective ` babes ' and ` dudes ' . Hey - it gets worse . Terence Fisher 's directorial technique actually assumes some capacity for imagination and intelligence on the part of the viewer , Christopher Lee 's performance burns with vigour and committment -LRB- as opposed to moping around in a state of apathetic irony , whilst occasionally deeming listeners worthy enough to thrill to some oh-so-witty Gen-X pop culture comment laboured over by Kevin Williamson - so witty , dude -RRB- , and composer James Bernard actually seems to take this story seriously.Hammer Films reached various peaks in their two decades of film production , but THE DEVIL RIDES OUT is easily near the top of the bunch . The film unfolds , step-by-step , like a great story , and Anchor Bay 's disc , with Christopher Lee on the commentary track , is a treasure .
 One of Terry Fisher 's finest films as director , The Devil Rides Out also features one of Richard Matheson 's best screenplays . Matheson has great material to work with from author Dennis Wheatly . The writing is , like most of Matheson 's work , crisp and powerful.Casting Christopher Lee against type -LRB- for a change -RRB- was a bright move . Lee makes the most out of his character and it 's nice to see him be the good guy for once -LRB- although he does play bad sooo well -RRB- . Charles Gray also gives a tremendous performance as the head of the Devil worshipping cult.Terry Fisher directed a lot of fine films during his career at Hammer but none equalled Devil . Although this was n't his swan song , it could have been since everything is just about perfect . The production values are terrific . A pity that the special effects were n't as sophisticated then as they are now . Then again they would probably sacrifice everything else just for the effects -LRB- a problem with so many current supernatural films -RRB- . The audio commentary is very informative and Lee is a delight throughout . He 's full of interesting information about everything from the title sequence to the production design . A pity that Warner Brothers chose not to hire him for the audio commentary for The Mummy . Maybe they 'll realize their mistake and hire him for Curse of Frankenstein and Horror of Dracula when they make them available -LRB- better get cracking guys Chris is getting up there a bit in age -RRB- . The extras are up to the usual standard we 've come to expect from Anchor and Bay -- great ! I 've always loved their reproduction of the lobby cards that they 've included in the packaging . It makes each DVD a unique collectible . A pity Warner wo n't license Curse of Frankenstein and Horror of Dracula -LRB- they really should -- they have so many titles to reissue that I 'm afraid these two will get lost in the shuffle -RRB- . Anchor and Bay could do a terrific job with these two titles as they have with all the Hammer titles they 've licensed .
 `` The Devil Rides Out '' -LRB- US title
 What an absolutely beautiful presentation this is , Anchor Bay have really pulled out all of the stops for this presentation , sheer quality . The guys and gals at the Bay must really work their socks off presenting these Hammer Classics and this is no exception , a crystal clear and almost pristine print . The master of Horror Mr , Christopher Lee gives us commentary , which is very informative . He talks about his role as de Richleau -LRB- ? -RRB- , and the production of what must surely rate as one of Hammers best . A trailer is included and an episode of ` The World of Hammer ' series titled ` Hammer ' . If you buy no other movies on DVD this year then please , please buy this one and enjoy the dark foreboding times of cinema before ` The Exorcist ' became the parody of modern day stories of black magic and possession .
 Great British horror flick with Christopher Lee in one of his best roles . Base on the classic by Dennis Wheatley . If you are a fan of Lee or good vs. evil this is a film for you !
 It 's nice to see lee play the good guy for a change.Very entertaining movie that I have ` nt seen for about 14 years when it was on late one saturday night.They do n't put this movie on tv anymore and I do n't know why because it 's very good.I love the atmosphere of this movie ... the beautiful English countryside , the great acting and the suspense.Worth the money .
 This has to be one of the finest of the Hammer collection . Lee is piercing in his role as the Duc De Richelieu . There are occultists galore and it 's up to Lee and his pal to save the son of a friend and his lover from the eternal grip of the creepiest villan Hammer studios ever unleashed . You must see this movie in widescreen ! The visual created by director Terrence Fisher , of the English countryside , will give you a warm fuzzy until the final clash between good and evil .
 This is - simnply put - one of Hammer Horror 's best horror films ever made . This is a truly engaging and scary film on Satanism . It has everything a horror fan would want - blood , gore , guts , gothic and , of course , cheesy old Satan himself ! Christipher Lee - who along with Peter cushing was hammer horror 's greatest actor - gives a grand performance . He carries the film and makes the chills even chillier .
 Another fiendish tale with Christopher Lee at the helm . Set in turn of the century London this time , Lee 's character must save 2 people from the vile clutches of a Devil worshiping cult . Complete with somewhat acurate , although spotty references to actual old world paganism , -LRB- how would I know that ? -RRB- smoke and fire , candles and symbols , there 's even a cameo appearance from the Dark One himself ! Got ta love it ! This film was a scary good time , although I think the ending was a little thin -- left me a little wanting , but classic stuff nonetheless . I 've always said these late 60 's Hammer films are in a brilliant class by themselves . You know if it stars Lee , Cushing , or Price , you 've already got a winner .
 The Devil Rides Out is probably the best known book that Dennis Wheatley ever wrote . The Hammer film adaptation is pretty faithful to the book . The film version sees Christopher Lee -LRB- cast against type -RRB- as the heroic Duc de Richelieu fighting a coven of Satanists , led by Charles Gray 's evil and sinister Mocata . The film is both eerie and frightening -LRB- the encounter with the Ab Human entity in the darkened house being a very good example -RRB- as the powers of Light and Darkness lock horns via their respective proxys ... Christopher Lee turns in a superlative performance as De Richelieu and Charles Gray is equally good as his Satanic nemesis - Mocata.They receive sterling support from the rest of the cast who include Patrick Mower and Barbara Shelley.Among occult movies , The Devil Rides Out stands out as one of the very best . It remains one of my all time faves and is highly recommended to anyone who has not seen it yet .
 If your a Hammer fan it does n't get much better than this ... modern setting gothic horror at its best
 The Devil Rides Out contains true depictions of unholy blasphemy , as well as of good triumphing over evil which parallel real life . Having read Christopher Lee 's tremendous autobiography , I have a keen understanding of why the part of Duc de Richleau suits him perfectly . Mr. Lee founded Charlemagne , a film company ahead of its time , dedicated to exposing the truth about evil . He is a true believer of Christianity 's power to eradicate evil ; it seeps from his every pore . The Devil Rides Out exposes evil for the insubstantial force that it is . Watch for actual exorcism prayers read aloud , as Mr. Lee demonstrates how the power of prayer will remove evil from our very midst .
 This movie gives a realistic approach to the world of the occult . In the movie you actually see the various rites being proformed using animal sacrifice and symbols . What 's interesting also , is that the movies shows you two side of the world of magick . The movie shows you how magick can be used for evil and how it can be used to protect one from the misuse of it . This movie may only be truely appreciated by those who understand the inner workings of metaphysics .
 Bad acting ... maybe.Corny ... maybe.But ... if you like these old classic films then you ca n't pass by this one . Anyone with interest in the occult should own this and Dunwich Horror as centerpieces to their `` really good bad movies '' collection .
 Were I to identify Hammer 's finest film , it would almost certainly be a close call between the 1958 Horror of Dracula and this impressive occult thriller from 1968 . In The Devil Rides Out , adapted by Richard Matheson from the book by Dennis Wheatley , the Duc de Richleau -LRB- Christopher Lee in perhaps one of his two or three greatest roles -RRB- finds himself in a battle with the forces of evil in the guise of satanic ringleader Mocata -LRB- a sinister Charles Gray -RRB- . Terence Fisher directs a riveting and intense `` fairy tale for adults '' in which darkness and light collide , and God triumphs over the Devil . The suspense and fear are effectively conveyed through Fisher 's sharp direction , James Bernard 's macabre and sometimes frenetic musical score , and Arthur Grant 's brilliant lighting and photography , which comes into its own in the justly famous library scenes in which our protagonist and his allies must defend themselves against a nightlong satanic assault .
 Yes , Lee stars has a dashing hero battling the sinister dark arts and Satan himself in this unusual flick.Lee and his companion are guardians of a young ward who gets mixed up in the occult and falls under the spell of Mocata -LRB- Charles Gray -RRB- . Lee realizes his ward 's danger and uses his considerable knowledge of the occult to battle Mocata and his minions.Set in 1920s England , this film is different from Hammer usual fare with low-budget special effects and a really cheesy Satan , who exudes bewilderment instead of evil . The orgy scene of the Black Sabbath is moderately amusing.The drive to save the enthusiasm and energy of the young from the false lure of sexual freedom and power promised by Mocata provides for plenty of action and scares.A good flick . Lee should have pursued this character further . The 1920s was awash with occult groups -LRB- crowley 's comes to mind -RRB- and as a dark but heroic and suave protagonist , Lee might have done well . But then we would have lost the Definitive Dracula .
 I 'm delighted to have this film on video -LRB- considering how rarely it 's been shown on TV -RRB- . Now , if only I could find the novel ! `` The Devil Rides Out '' is wonderfully atmospheric , effective , and entertaining . Christopher Lee and Charles Gray do a particularly good job , though I was disappointed by the very poor acting on the part of Nike Arrighi -LRB- no doubt a `` friend '' of the producer , Anthony Nelson-Keys -RRB- . Three final comments
 I love Hammer studios films for their atmosphere , pacing , & the classic theme 's of good and evil . And this would have to be their high water mark . I like their subsequent films , I 'm not afraid to have a bit of sex thrown in -LRB- which is what they started doing -RRB- , but in this - everything was still done in earnestness . They were really fighting for the souls of people , and you believed it . I really admire this film , because Richard Matheson has taken Dennis Wheatley 's story , pared it down , and made a very tense film , that still manages to have at least three genuine moments of terror - even after 32 years , and many viewings . Christopher Lee as deRichleau -LRB- good -RRB- and Charles Grey as Mocata -LRB- Evil -RRB- make very good adversaries , and the black magic elements are very believable and frightening . I highly recommend this film , and suggest others who like it check out the similarly themed Burn Witch Burn aka Night Of The Eagle -LRB- 1962 -RRB- .
 Hammer , known for making its B-movies look like A-Movies , releases another triumph . The movie based on Wheatley 's novel , which I have not read , but am looking for , is just superb . Though some of the special effects are campy , due , of course , to the low budget of the movie , they still pull off an eerie effect for this ultimate clash between good and evil . James Bernard , once again , creates an excellent score for this fine supernatural chiller . This is a must-have for Hammer Horror fans ! The casting is wonderful , though I would like to see it with Cushing in place of Lee as the Duc de Richleau , and Lee in place of Gray as Mocata . Just wonderful . If you are tired of seeing the darkside win in new horror films that leave you feeling depressed , then see this . In Hammer , good always triumphs over evil !
 Faithful adaptation , by screen vet Richard Matheson , of Dennis Wheatley 's typically talky book of the same name.If you 've ever read Wheatley , you already know what to expect . If you have n't , The Devil Rides Out is a period melodrama -LRB- 1920s -RRB- involving black magic and a Satanic cult . Christopher Lee , in a rare go-round at playing the hero , is a cultured Duke who is an accomplished mystic and expert on the occult . The son of a friend has been hypnotized and drawn into an unsavory Satanist bunch , who plan to steal his family fortune and do the poor fellow in . Lee rescues the lad , and crosses swords with superior wizard Mocate -LRB- Charles Gray -RRB- , a suave cad and powerbroker . Trances , abductions , summoned demons and spells galore result.This is as simple a melodrama as you 're ever likely to see , more in the nature of a mediaeval morality play than anything else , though it performs like Agatha Christie . What elevates it above the norm is the splendid production -LRB- though the effects are cheap -RRB- and a great cast . Matheson is an experienced scriptwriter , who pares down Wheatley 's verbosity to its fundamental components without losing any of the charm.A great piece if you like this kind of thing , but average viewers may be bored by it .
 Look me right in the monitor and be perfectly honest
 `` THE DEVIL RIDES OUT '' -LRB- 1968 -RRB- Christopher Lee is Duc de Richleau who is concerned when a young friend is absent from their regular reunion . An investigation reveals the friend is trapped in a hypnotic-astrological cult led by a malevolent Satanist named Mocata -LRB- Charles Gray -RRB- . In a desperate game of daring good and raw evil , Lee challenges Mocata with a powerful ritual that may or may not destroy his coven and free his friend.This is terrific Halloween movie that raises all kinds of theological questions.The beautiful DVD transfer features a great commentary with stars Christopher Lee and Sarah Lawson , U.S. and U.K. theatrical trailers plus an episode of the `` World of Hammer '' entitled HAMMER . -LRB- Not rated , widescreen , 95 minutes -RRB-
 _ The Devil Rides Out _ -LRB- 1968 -RRB- , made by Hammer Film Productions , is an adaptation of the 1934 Dennis Wheatley novel by the same name , which features a confrontation between the forces of darkness and those of light . The film stars Christopher Lee as the Duc de Richleau , the main character in the novel and practicioner of white magic . The rest of the cast includes Charles Gray as the black magician Mocata , Nike Arrighi as Tanith , Leon Greene as Rex Van Ryn , Patrick Mower as Simon Aron , Sarah Lawson as Marie Eaton , Paul Eddington as Richard Eaton , and Rosalyn Landor as Peggy Eaton . The film takes place in 1930s London and begins with the Duc de Richleau and Rex Van Ryn paying a visit to their friend Simon . It turns out that Simon has involved himself in a black magic ritual and together the Duc and Rex decide to rescue him along with the girl Tanith who they meet at his house . While there they encounter a demon , but the Duc effectively destroys it with a crucifix after telling Rex to avoid eye contact . Then , the Duc manages to knock out Simon and together with Rex they take him back to the home of the Duc de Richleau . Thus , begins the action as the Duc attempts to combat the forces of evil represented by Mocata , the lead black magician . Simon manages to escape and Rex decides to visit Tanith and take her away to the home of the Eatons . However , Tanith escapes and together with Simon they participate in a Sabbat in which the Goat of Mendes appears . The Duc and Rex manage to destroy the Goat of Mendes with a crucifix and thus take Tanith and Simon back to them . However , Mocata is to pay a visit Marie Eaton and demonstrates his hypnotic powers . Further , under extreme duress Tanith attempts to kill Rex so must be taken and tied up to avoid further danger . At this point , the Duc creates a magic circle and various demons including the angel of death appear . Tanith dies when the angel of death returns empty-handed . Further , Peggy is taken by Mocata to be used in his rites . The rest of the story unfolds as the group tries to re-capture Peggy and things may not be what they seem for Tanith either.This film is a good adaptation of the novel by Dennis Wheatley . Wheatley is perhaps best known for his occult thriller novels and this film effectively shows the dangers of tampering in black magic . As such this film is recommended to those who enjoyed the novel .
 This marvellous film is one of Hammers best ever . Really only Dracula and The Hound of the Baskervilles are in the same league.Christopher Lee plays the Duc De Richeau with the same passion he plays normally plays bad guys . Charles Gray is excellent as Mocata , the leader of the devil worshipers . Other noteable British actors that you will know are Patrick Mower and Paul Eddington.The director is Terence Fisher who consistently proved himself to be the best Hammer director . The film is gripping and if the special effects look very primitive now you should not let it detract from what is otherwise a great film.This edition has a commentary by Christopher Lee and others which is quite fascinating and well worth getting . Even without the commentary this is still an essential purchase for Hammer and/or horror fans .
 I saw this flick years ago and remember it as an interesting and sort of sad movie about David Carradine as an ex-Vietnam loner in a small town . I think it must be worthwhile if you liked the series Kung-Fu and you are over 32 years old , you 'll like this mellow movie .
 Made on a shoestring , dircected and starring David Carradine , it 's about a Vietnam vet -LRB- possibly shell-shocked -RRB- who attempts to start up a dilapadated merry-go-round in a small redneck Kansas town , just `` for something to do . '' The town ca n't understand what he 's up to , of course , and makes life miserable for him ; but he succeeds in the end . Carradine employs a lot of long , quiet introspective scenes -LRB- a la the Kung Fu things he did for TV -RRB- ; most are pretty effective . But it 's so low key the movie seems incoherent at times . Despite that objection , the movie is a good one and keeps us watching right through to the end .
 If you liked Tender Mercies , you 'll like this one . Americana is a surprisingly effective movie about a man 's quixotic quest for peace and wholeness . Beautifully understated writing and acting . The cinematography is definitely of its time -LRB- early 1970 's -RRB- , and the audio sounds like fake stereo . Not letterboxed , so it feels kind of cramped at times . That said , I still recommend it to anyone who likes minimalist movies like Two-Lane Blacktop , Tomorrow and Stranger Than Paradise .
 Searching for self and values describes the story line . This is a glimpse of a typical small USA town of the 1970 's
 My dad first intorduced me to Doctor Who and now I love it . I think this was my favorite episode mostly because the Master was always playing some trick to keep it intresting . I also recommed seeing Logopolis so you know what is going on .
 I 've been a Doctor Who fan since I was 2 years old . I must admit that when I was a child this episode confused me . I thought Nyssa and Tegan were dragging the newly regenerated Doctor around in a coffin ! But , now that I am older , I see it 's not a coffin but a stasis chamber . I think that the storyline is excellent and full of surprises . A great introduction for the 5th -LRB- and best -RRB- doctor .
 Yes , it was very difficult for Peter to replace Tom Baker 's place and some of of Baker ` s fans will not give Davison credit at all , and that is so sad . If you have seen good old Peter in All creatures great and small , you 'll definitely like him as the Doctor ! Tegan -LRB- Janet Fielding -RRB- is brilliant as always , Adric shows his loyalty to the Doctor , and Nyssa is a bit annoying , but her falling in the water is amusing : -RRB- Anthony Ainley stars as the Master and performs wonderful ! Great storyline and just wonderful ; Peter is just marvelous as the Doctor
 This beginning season of Peter Davison was a good watch , but what 's with all the `` ifs '' ? It 's over done . Aside from Tegan and Nyssa 's iritating lines and Adric 's whining , The Doctor -LRB- what little we saw of him -RRB- was very good , even this first Peter Davison episode . The Castrovalvans were reminiscent of Trakanites , very wise and mysterious -LRB- for lack of a better word -RRB- . I do not know if it is directing , lack of funds or what , but the compaginions seemed to be missing something they all had in the few Tom Baker episodes they did . Tegan was the only real compaignion and very well done by Janet Fielding , the others were wooden at best , they are not bad actors -LRB- see Keeper of Traken , Logopolis and E-space -RRB- but not enough attention was given to them after the Doctor 's regenoration , too much excitement about the new DW I guess . However , This season had some very good episodes , this one being the best of this season besides ` Kinda ' and ` Snakedance ' . 1983 was a much stronger year and 1984 was different entirely and as far as production was very well done , but not to my personal taste . Too much negative gloom and doom . Like Blake 's 7 or on a newer and completely different topic , ` First Wave ' .
 Most Whovians regard this as one of the finest episodes in the entire canon of Doctor Who ; it is certainly among the best of the Peter Davison era . Although the acting from The Doctor 's companions is not quite up to the usual high standards , it is certainly redeemed by Anthony Ainley 's splendid performance as The Master , The Doctor 's Gallifreyan nemesis . The most riveting scenes are in Part I , as the Tardis hurls back in time towards the Big Bang , but I was quite intrigued as well with the interactions between the inhabitants of Castrovalva and The Doctor and his companions . Admittedly Peter Davison comes across as a stylish wimp in stark contrast to Tom Baker , but I believe this owes more to John Nathan Turner 's stewardship of Doctor Who , than incompetent acting from Davison .
 I have to say that even though this Doctor is not my very favourite one , I certainly was intrigued by this episode and this Doctor -LRB- the best Doctor of course being Sylvester McCoy !!! -RRB- . The storyline rather grabbed me and kept me interested and all the while I was wondering just exactly what the outcome might be . As I watched the two shows previous in the series I was caught unawares when scarf ? Dotor was terminated , as it were . I also enjoy the charactors involved with this Doctor , Adrik , the girls ... etc. . I am a huge fan of the Doctor series though not extremely well versed in all of them quite yet . All in all very good !
 Picture the scene
 Apparently Christopher H Bidmead and John Nathan Turner publicly declared their aims to make Dr.Who into serious , mature , intelligent SF viewing for the 1980s and from all accounts had trouble getting any scripts at first , settling for a revamped story by David Fisher -LRB- intended for Graham Williams -RRB- and an updated Vampire tale which was meant to have opened season 15 ! But with Warrior 's Gate , I feel Bidmead 's ambition was fulfilled , as SF writer Steve Gallagher wrote a surreal , intellectual masterpiece that was arty , cool , sophisticated and challenging.Bidmead himself followed up with Logopolis and then this story , Castrovalva , which have the same bizarre , concept-driven , reality bending SF qualities . Here , the new Doctor , Peter Davsion is almost plunged back into the big bang before arriving in the phantom city of Castrovalva whose inhabitants have no inkling that they are only a few hours old and have been created soley as part of a nightmarish trap . The whole place is a giant pocket in time and space which begins to close in on itself!Stunning ! Soon , Chris Bailey , whom Bidmead had impressed with his vision of multi-layered SF writing , would deliver the equally bizarre and challenging Kinda , before season 20 would fully realize the Bidmead vision with four in a row , Baily 's Snakedance , Mawdryn Undead -LRB- by Peter Grimwade -RRB- Terminus -LRB- by Gallagher again -RRB- and finally Barbara Clegg 's awe-inspiring Enlightenment ! But nowhere is Christopher H. Bidmead 's unique and startling vision for Dr.Who seen than in his own scripts for the series , and this , Davison 's debut is probably the most polished and accomplished . The city looks superb and Davison 's Doctor is magnificent . Despite the initial impression that he is too vulnerable to be the Doctor , it becomes clear on repeated viewings that with his body so physically weak and afflicted , it takes enormous inner strength , guts and determination from the new Doctor to rise to the occasion and defeat the Master , who has created this trap . The Master is only a minor consideration here , serving as the progenitor of the situation , but this story , like all those in the Bidmead vien , are far more about the stunningly imaginative and intriguing situation than any typical Who villains . The Master , like the Black Guardian , are really only there to generate the trouble and to remind viewers after seven seasons of Tom Baker that this is still Dr.Who , despite the new face in the Tardis . All in all , this story rocks like a cradle in a strong wind , and kicks off my favorite era of Dr.Who , the era of the brilliant Peter Davison !
 This story revolves around our good Doctor recovering from his latest regeneration . Of course , the evil Master wishes to take advantage of the weakened Doctor during this phase . The Doctor attempts to heal within the `` Zero '' room , which is a recovery room within the Tartus . Unfortunately , the meddling of the Master makes this a daunting task at best . I really enjoyed this story because of the city Castrovalva and the culture that is derived from this make believe race of people . The sets used in this episode were really nicely done and the people and places were believable and fascinating , I found myself almost wanting to visit the city myself . hehe . The Doctor is taken to Castrovalva by the Master who creates this entire city and its people in order to get at the Doctor , which is very very hard to believe , but none the less happens . Tegan and Nyssa do their best to help the Doctor to get into the city where the hope is that he can recover from his regeneration there . All in all I believe you will enjoy this episode as much as I did . There is something very relaxing and enjoyable about the theme of the story and I often find myself playing this tape after a hard and busy day so as to relax and unwind . Its a great night time story for any age . Definately invest in this episode and you will not be sorry . Bye for now friends !
 Peter Davison 's debut as the Doctor is one where we 're not entirely sure of who his Doctor really is as his regeneration has not been so successful . After managing to escape a trap set by the Master in which he is forced to eject the restorative Zero Room from the TARDIS , the Doctor travels with his companions to the tranquil world of Castrovalva . But the Master has laid another trap here as well . One of the best of Davison 's run and one of the best for the series overall .
 I had utterly no idea what to expect with `` Castrovalva '' the first time I saw it all those years ago . For years the Doctor had been a wonderfully weird guy with curly hair , an interminable scarf , and a bizarre sense of humor . I was aware that there 'd been three incarnations before him , but I 'd never seen them and it was really hard to picture the Doctor as anyone else . So as `` Castrovalva '' began and with it the adventures of the fifth Doctor as played by Peter Davison , I was really wondering what would come next . Was he going to play the role much like Tom Baker did , or was he going to have an entirely different persona altogether , or somewhere in-between ? What was a different Doctor going to be like ? Was I still going to like the show ? Well , by the end of `` Castrovalva '' I still did n't have an answer.That 's of course because the Doctor 's out of it for most of this storyline , slowly recovering from the physiological shock of regenerating . As a plot device this is realistic , certainly , and a bit innovative -- in prior transitions the Doctor bounced back rather more quickly from what 's essentially a total death and rebirth . It 's also exceedingly risky , though -- having the main character , the hero no less , laying about helpless , groggy , and generally incapacitated for such a long time gets dull all too easily . And , unlike before , there are n't really any subplots to divert you during the Doctor 's recovery . To Davison 's credit he carries this off rather well considering , bringing some subtle drama to the Doctor 's struggle to get on his own two feet and rediscover his own identity . That said , I wish someone would pay me to lay around and pretend I 'm asleep so much.Clearly the writer , Christopher Bidmead , is attempting here to keep the ball rolling from `` Logopolis '' with its esoteric mathematics and sophisticated astrophysics . The idea of a pocket universe folding back in on itself in complex ways is indeed a clever one if a bit of an overkill as a trap -LRB- by the Master , which would be a spoiler if he was n't standing in front of the Doctor himself on this DVD cover -RRB- . It 's delightfully surreal of course , but a bit overly ambitious given the visual effects available -- the end result is somewhat abstract and confusing , and really you would have to had seen M.C. Escher 's classic `` Castrovalva '' print beforehand to even make sense of what both the visual effects and dialogue are straining to get across . Basically , this is biting off more than you can chew storywise . As part and parcel of an ongoing attempt at the time to make `` Doctor Who '' more scientific it kind of rings false too , especially when earlier in the same storyline the characters embarrassingly refer to event one , the big bang , as the birth of the `` galaxy '' -LRB- rather than the universe . Oops -RRB- . Still , intriguing idea in theory.This storyline does n't get much help from stellar acting , though , I 'm afraid , except for maybe Davison 's brilliant evocations of prior Doctors as his identity is in flux -LRB- this was of course totally lost on me the first time -RRB- . The actresses playing Nyssa and Tegan seem to be competing as to can give the flattest performance , while the actors playing the Master and Adric seem to be placing bets as to who can ham it up the most . The Castrovalvans are much better on this score , and Shardovan is a fascinating character played with just the right touch -- his parting line to the Master , `` You made us , man of evil . But we are free ! '' is brilliantly moving in its simplicity and philosophic suggestiveness . As for the Doctor himself , well , now that he 's recovered , we 'll just have to wait and see ... P.S. in a strange case of review recursion , it should be mentioned that `` Castrovalva '' brings to completion plot threads from the two storylines before it , thus loosely forming a trilogy of sorts . It 'll be kind of hard to figure out what 's going on without that background , too , so for that reason and also for reasons of convenience and economics the box set containing all three DVDs is probably more to the fervent fan 's advantage : Doctor Who - New Beginnings -LRB- The Keeper of Traken / Logopolis / Castrovalva -RRB- .
 This is properly considered the 2nd part of a two part story ending with the death of the 4th doctor . -LRB- or if you really want to push it the end of the whole E-space series . -RRB- The feel is the same as the previous episode and this doctor tries to find his way , and his new companions try to adapt to life on the Tardis.This episode was not the first one filmed for Peter Davison , at it shows in his better portrayal of the Doctor then the episode that follows . It also follows in the little mistakes such as Tom Bakers boots turning into shoes.However that error is n't enough to unravel the episode , the acting is of a good quality and well plotted . Worth your dollars .
 Considering what has happened in the previous story , Castrovalva stands up on it 's own very well . Like a previous reviewer noted , Castrovalva works because of it 's charm . All the actors are on good form with some good interaction between the companions . Adric is left out for most of the story , and some people would say that is not a bad thing . The first and start of the second episode are somewhat hectic , with a lot going on . Overall , it 's a very good story - but make you sure watch Logopolis first .
 The Doctor has regenerated into his fifth incarnation , and all is not well . The Doctor 's regeneration is failing , Adric is missing , and what is happening to the peaceful town of Castrovalva ? `` Castrovalva '' succeeds on its pure charm . One could n't ask for a better story to mark a new era in Who . Peter Davison plays the Doctor with ease . Anthony Ainley giving a pretty good performance as the Portreeve . Not overly complicated -LRB- unlike `` Logopolis '' -RRB- , very smooth and laid back , even with the regeneration crisis . The regular cast are in fine form , except for Adric , who is a big part of the story , but left on the sidelines from time to time . Soundtrac not that bad either . All in all , very surprising , considering which `` era '' had just ended .
 this mid 90 's production is narrarated by Mike Wallace -LRB- 60 Minutes -RRB- as he observes alcohol use in the United States during the 20th century.covered in this documentary is the era before , during , and after the Prohibition era , which took place during the 1920 's ; then later the repeal of Prohibition.also covered is the origin of AA , or Alcoholics Anonymous , which was formed in June of 1935 . AA principles are explained . AA would later spin-off other recovery movements -LRB- Narcotics Anonymous , Al-Anon , Cocaine Anonymous , etc. -RRB- as it grew in popularity during the second half of the 1900 's . Wallace also gives -LRB- throughout the video -RRB- stats and numbers about the high cost to society that alcohol causes , both financially and socially and morally . * overall , an excellent snap-shot look at alcohol and its negative effects on American during the 1900 's ; and the treatment modalities that developed in response to the problem .
 Mediaeval England
 I love Danny Kaye ! This movie has everything - witty music , great dancing , funny repartee , and Danny Kaye at his best . Lyrics by Sylvia Fine kept us in stitches . A great family movie , although kids might not understand some of the lyrics .
 `` The Court Jester '' -LRB- my favorite movie in the whole world -RRB- makes a great gift . It is a romantic comedy with adventure and fencing . The all-star cast brings this Robin Hood-like story to life in a captivating manor . Whether sharing a movie night with family or hanging out with a group of friends , this is an ideal movie for everyone to enjoy .
 This movie is a classic ! Constant witty entertainment . It 's a great show for people of all ages . My seven year old boys even like watching it .
 I thoroughly enjoyed the movie . Danny Kaye is great with the speed and pronunciation of his specialty pieces . Fun story line .
 The Court JesterDanny Kaye 's role as the court jester was great . The movie is so clean that my own children and even grandchildren will enjoy it . What a great way to pass on the classics . I was very happy with the description on line . I had no questions about the movie being the same as I had seen and enjoyed as a child .
 An old favorite of mine , so I highly recommend this movie . I also love working with Amazon , never been disappointed .
 Danny Kaye did his part well and the film was alot of laughs for which we are always looking for . Swash buckling sword play which made the movie exciting .
 I remember this movie from when I was a small child , how my whole family would sit around some Saturdays and watch movies . Laugh ... till we had tears in our eyes . When the rerun would come on , we would all get ` excited ' and again we would get together and laugh wholeheartedly again.Years later I purchased this movie and to my surprise , my family gathered in the living room and we all watched it and laughed . For teenage boys to watch a older movie is amazing but the nostalgia of family sitting together and watching a great movie ... . priceless!This is truly a classic as you can watch it over and over and each time it just hits your tickle button and warms your heart !
 Danny Kaye is an artist . Of course , the writers have a lot to do with `` what '' he says , but `` how '' he says it is all Danny Kaye . `` The vessel with the pestle '' routine is priceless , and probably the reason my sister and I remember this movie so fondly . If you love humor , song and dance movies , you 're gon na love this .
 This is one of Danny Kaye 's best . He was so talented and his comic timing is impeccable . The `` chalice from the palace '' scene is so funny that I have not forgotten it over the years . This movie will get you out of the blues in no time .
 Danny Kaye does his typical antics throughout the film which is what makes it wonderful . The wordplay in this movie is really impressive and has some songs that will leave you tongue tied for days . The premise is an identity switch that leads to much confusion . Quite a fun movie !
 I have seen this film many times and highly recommendit . Danny Kaye is great in it !
 This is the perfect family movie , it is extremely funny , and absolutely clean . I would recommend it to anyone looking for a good clean laugh .
 This is a genuinely funny and charming movie . The cast all have tremendous fun , and there 's plenty of time for songs , comical , panto-type escapades and romantic interludes . Basil Rathbone , as the obligatory villain , wields a fencing sword with particular menace . This is the sort of old-fashioned entertainment we should be bringing our children up watching . Good stuff .
 I really like the court jester . It is such a funny movie.I ca n't help but laugh every time I see it . Danny Kaye is very funny . I recommend it for people of all ages .
 I have to say that the Court Jester is my favorite movie . It will keep you entertained , and it is full of laughs . I do n't need to say anymore , except that you will love it , and cherish it .
 The Court Jester is an old family favorite . We could all quote lines , sing the songs etc. . So , after all those years , it was with some trepidation that I watched this film . Had it dated ? Would today 's reality match up with yesterday 's memory ? Would I still find it hilarious ? I 'm delighted to say , no , yes and yes . It 's still got it ! This has to be one of the funniest comedies ever made . The actors must have had a great time making this , they all look so great . Do n't miss it .
 I love this movie ! I have seen it many , many times since I was a child . Every time the `` brew that is true '' part comes up , I ca n't help but laugh . My whole family laughs about that part of the movie . Danny Kaye is marvelous .
 Danny Kaye is a great star who is hilarious without being the least bit phony . for a lover of medieval tales , this is the best . Never a boring moment in this film , never a dull one . All in all VERY cheerful , funny , romantic , colorful , and entertaining . i could watch it a million times .
 Considering when this was made -LRB- remember that Danny Kaye was already in his 60s when he guest starred on the Cosby 's in the early 1980s and in this musical he clearly is young so were talking around 1950s -- the opening sequence was actually very well done for the time.Beyond that , there are true laughing moments in this movie that can be enjoyed by everyone in the home without worrying about protecting the inocent ears of tots . The very storyline is engaging and the storytelling is held through the entire movie -- indeed , it seems that the movie was shorter lived than it really was.A few other stand outs -- Danny Kaye 's opening song sequence in the movie includes lyrical lines that are found in Mary Poppins but this film predates the Mary Poppin 's film -LRB- you will note that the woman who has the lead role here is the woman who plays the women 's lib mother in Mary Poppins but clearly younger here -RRB- . If you have never seen a Danny Kaye movie , this one , and Hans Christian Andersen are very much worth the watch -- but this one does not bog down like Hans Christian Andersen did.Now hear this -- if you have looked at this movie for consideration -- now is the time to stop reading the reviews and watch the movie -- you wo n't regret it .
 This was one of my favorite childhood movies . It is very family friendly , and has my favorite actor in it -LRB- Danny Kaye -RRB- ! : -RRB-
 The other reviews posted here are all correct -- this is one of the greatest movies of all time . It 's hilarious for people of ANY age . The plot is complex and features well-drawn characters . Lots of highly quotable lines for those of us who like to insert movie quips into our everyday conversation.The only question I have is
 The perfect blend of humor and wit in an unforgettable classic , especially the chalice from the palace and the vessel with the pestle scene . A must see for all Danny Kaye fans .
 Danny Kaye at his best . Gets a little silly at times but that 's the point ! Great seeing Angela Lansbury in her youth . Some of the scenes are truly funny no matter how old they may be ... . be sure to drink the brew that is true !
 Great movie . Love the simple , clean humor . This has been one of my favorites since I was a kid . Definitely a must see movie !
 This movie is so funny . Some scenes were hilarious . Very engaging . Not sure why it 's in action and adventure category ... it 's more of a musical comedy in my mind . Well worth the high ratings . Not normally a big fan of old movies but this is great . Watching a second time .
 In this musical picture , Danny Kaye shines as both jester and dashing hero with a sword - he totally shines in this picture - a wonderful showcase of his many talents . I think Danny Kaye was underrated as a star of his day - his acting skills are wonderful , he can sing like a dream -LRB- the lullabye he sings in this to the baby is just beautiful -RRB- , he is master of comedy , is very athletic with great dance skills too.This is a lighthearted Robin-hood type musical . A king on the throne who is not the rightful king , the rightful heir a mere babe saved and hidden/protected in the woods by The Black Fox and his group ... Danny Kaye plays a jester in a plot to overthrow the wrong king and put the rightful king on the throne . While pretending to be a jester , the princess 's -LRB- Landsbury -RRB- witch hypnotizes Kaye to be the gallant romantic , fearless hero and win the princesses love . Though when he is NOT hypnotized , he is in love with the maid Jean -LRB- part of the Black Fox 's group -RRB- . VERY ENTERTAINING and enjoyable - it 's an oldie , but a goodie -LRB- as they say -RRB- - give it a watch : - -RRB-
 In 2000 the American Film Institute put this picture into it 's top 100 Laughs.A tale with some similarities to the Robin Hood mythology in which a band of rebels fight the evil king in favor of a baby king with the royal symbol on his buttock . The rebel leader is known as the Black Fox and at first you think it 's Danny Kaye during a musical opening but then you find out he 's just wearing the leader 's outfit . No surprise there but as you watch more and more of this film you realize that Danny Kaye 's character is the Black Fox in all but name . It eventually ends up with Kaye 's character impersonating a famous jester and infiltrating the usurper king 's castle.The humor and set effects are good but a bit off as this is an old film from 1956 . You also have to get that musicals were the thing at the movies back then and some people seeing it today wo n't have the patience to go through it . A few things were just off or goofy but it is an action comedy of sorts -LRB- see spoilers below -RRB- . Also starring a `` young '' Angela Lansbury , Basil Rathbone , Glynis Johns -LRB- she played a Mary Poppins role long ago -RRB- and a tiny role by John Carradine.This was considered one of Danny Kaye 's finest performances and if you watch the many roles he had to play , as well as his singing performances , you might understand why.Songs -LRB- from Wiki -RRB- '' -LRB- You 'll Never -RRB- Outfox the Fox '' -LRB- words by Sammy Cahn , music by Sylvia Fine -RRB- `` My Heart Knows a Lovely Song '' -LRB- words and music by Sammy Cahn & Sylvia Fine -RRB- `` Pass the Basket '' -LRB- words by Sammy Cahn , music by Sylvia Fine -RRB- `` Where Walks My True Love ? '' -LRB- words by Sammy Cahn , music by Sylvia Fine -RRB- `` Maladjusted Jester '' -LRB- words and music by Sylvia Fine -RRB- `` Life Could Not Better Be '' -LRB- words and music by Sammy Cahn & Sylvia Fine -RRB- `` I Live to Love '' -LRB- words by Sammy Cahn , music by Sylvia Fine , deleted from the film but included on the soundtrack album -RRB- Note
 A pleasant mix of slapstick and word play , this movie ranks up there with iconic films like the Princess Bride and Monty Python 's Quest for the Holy Grail . Danny Kay and Angela Lansbury are brilliant .
 Danny Kaye is definitely an aquired taste . People seem to run hot and cold , but if you like him , this is your kind of movie . Full of dancing , singing , and all the hair-brained antics that Kaye fans love , this movie is probably his best -LRB- although the Govermeny Inspector and The Secret Life of Walter Mitty are right up there -RRB- . In additon to Kaye and the charming Glynis Johns -LRB- her first major role -RRB- , we also have the injenue -LRB- ? -RRB- , Angela Lansbury , a delightfully dotty -LRB- `` Get it ? Got it ? Good ! '' -RRB- Cecil Parker , and an aged Basil Rathbone -LRB- watch him try to catch his breath during the initial court scene -RRB- . The movie includes some wonderful `` patter '' , most notably
 Outside of the obligatory `` White Christmas '' this is one of my personal Danny Kaye favorites as he takes on once again the role of the good-hearted , if bumbling , soul that has fortune on his side . Toss in what could-have-been a very serious adventure story of kingdom overthrowing and the like and he could have been a serious brooding actor.But alas ! There is simply too much fun to be had with this film , as his told from the opening song that pretty much lets us know that historical facts and presence were completely ignored here . So what we get is a truly hilarious , spunky movie with wildly outlandish performances . Indeed , I like to think Monty Python got some inspiration from `` The Holy Grail '' from this film.The baddies are bad , the goodies are good , and there is even a husband-desperate princess bossing around a wicked witch . Oh , and there are midgets . At the risk of not sounding politically correct , it 's funny.Danny Kaye , Angela Lansbury , and even the lovely Glynis Johns are all hilarious . This is a vital comedy of errors .
 I think the court Jester is one of the cleverest comedies ever made , a spoof on Robin Hood linked by Basil Rathbone as the villian in both films , but done with intelligence ~ a seamless mixture of high and low comedy.The way the plots are interwoven boarders on genius ~ a real comedy of errors.If you have n't seen this 1955 film , you 're in for a treat . The supporting cast including Cecil Parker and Basil Rathbone is so good that Court Jester is almost an ensemble piece.The comic timing of Danny Kaye , Mildred Natwick , and Glynis Johns in the `` vessel with the pestle '' skit is classic humour.Danny Kaye , whatever else , was a multi-talented man
 This is a classic for kids of all ages . There is something very satisfying about bringing home a movie that brings so much laughter to children . Of course , the credit for this fun film goes to Danny Kaye and co. but I take credit for helping my children discover these old gems . Now my family wants me to find them more classics !
 One of my favorite movies from my youth that I 'm glad to be able to share with my children . Danny Kaye 's talent is amazing and he always makes me laugh out loud . Our 2 favorite scenes are the formation march of knighting Danny and then the confusing rhyme about the poisoned wine , `` the flagon with the dragon has the brew that is true ... '' The foil fencing scenes are hilarious also .
 The movie is a classic . The speed at which it was shipped was amazing . I would highly recommend any fan of Danny Kaye and lover of comedy get this movie and watch it . You ca n't go wrong .
 I love Danny Kaye movies that I saw in my youth . I get so happy when I share something from my younger days with my teenage sons and it is a hit.This movie was . I love their innocence . And laughing at a movie like this makes me feel youthful . I only hope that my teen boys are not unique in their appreciation of the oldies . A great movie for a family with young children . Danny Kaye is so childlike in his actions that this movie ca n't miss with your young ones .
 I was interested in adding a treasured classic to my DVD library . I am more than Pleased with the quality of the sound and film images . A greatarchival copy of a favorite film . I am very satisified with thes DVD .
 I love this movie , me and everyone I 've shown it too have laughed from start to finish . I recommend this movie to anyone who is in need of a good fun film .
 Danny Kaye plays a member of a Robin Hood-like band of rouges who has to insert himself into a castle in `` The Court Jester . '' He has been hypnotized so that when he hears a finger-snap , he becomes very brave . Otherwise , he is his normal self - a little cowardly unless he is playing a role . He does , however , fall in love with the princess -LRB- played by Angela Lansbury -RRB- . The scene where he is being put through the `` fast '' version of becoming a knight is a classic , as is the scene where the princess tries to keep him up to date on which goblet has the poison in it -LRB- when they try to kill him -RRB- . Basic Danny Kaye silliness abounds - singing , dancing , acrobatics - overall this is my favorite Danny Kaye movie . It has -LRB- honestly -RRB- been years since I 've seen it , so my memories of the details are a bit faded , so forgive me if I 'm a bit vague on the plot . However , I will say that it is - again - my favorite Danny Kaye and I can heartily recommend it !
 Once again good comedy wins out . This movie is timeless in its charm and sheer belly laughs . Danny Kaye , as well as the rest of the cast , is a master of timing and facial expressions . We have enjoyed the DVD a number of times , and it is now the grandchildren 's favorite popcorn and snuggles movie !
 Danny Kaye was a gifted comic actor who not only touched and entertained millions of children , but at his best , brought out the child in all of us . A hilarious spoof on the swashbuckler picture , `` The Court Jester '' is widely regarded as his finest screen hour . With lots of color , action and excitement framing the immortal gags , this is family entertainment at its best .
 This movie has been an old favorite in my family for as long as I can remember . Danny Kay is hilariously funny , and the storyline absurd and entertaining . I highly recommend this movie to anyone looking for lighthearted fun .
 I 've lost my mind and memorized the main Court Jester song where he discusses how he came to be a jester . Kaye makes you wonder about how in the world he keeps all of his tongue-twisting lines straight . I love the acrobatic midgets in this film . I do n't know who said , `` Hmmm , let 's put a troop of acrobatic midgets in this , '' but it came out great !
 I do n't own the dvd or movie -LRB- I just put it on my wish list -RRB- , but this movie is hillarious ! My dad rented it for my brother and I when we were younger . I 've been trying to find this movie sense then at the rental places , but have n't been able to find it . I 've really wanted to show my friends this . They 're always skeptical at the age of the movie , but this is totally timeless .
 This clever spoof of swashbucklers has a great script by Panama and Frank -LRB- it 's full of wonderful catchphrases -RRB- and a super cast
 the court jester combins all the elements needed to insure compeat enjoyment . this historicly funny colorful music filled adventure will tickle your funny bone . DANNY KAYE cleverly works his comic genious with witty dialog and slapstick sight gags . Backed up by an amazing cast of good and bad characters , do n't miss this medieval masterpiece , you 'll be humming the tunes and reciting the toung twisting ` pellet with the poison ' and tell everyone you know to deffinatly go .
 My family and I just love ` The Court Jester ' ! Our favorite parts are the parts where Hawkins is ` snapped in and snapped out ' , and we also love the part where Hawkins is entertaining the King by singing , ` When I was a lad I was gloomy and sad as I was from the day I was born ... '' I truly recommend that everyone get this movie . It is spectacular !
 The Court Jester is a great movie in all categories
 In 1958 I had to take an exam in Engineering Drawing from 2-5pm on a friday . I wanted to take my mind off of the exam in the morning so I went to the theatre to catch a matinee . It was the `` Court Jester '' . It was the funniest movie I ever saw , and while taking the exam , the proctor was forced to move me into an adjacent room as I could n't stop chuckling during the exam . I `` aced '' the test and was forever grateful to Danny Kay , Glynnis Johns -LRB- who was beautiful -RRB- , Basil Rathbone -LRB- the great -RRB- and Angela Lansbury who I forever after had a difficulty in seeing her in later films as a sweet lovable old lady .
 My sister and I , both in our 40s , can still recite `` the pellet with the poison is in the vessel with the pestle - the flagon with the dragon has the brew that is true . '' Or was it the chalice from the palace ... I ca n't remember the first time that I saw this movie , but it 's been a favorite of mine for as long as I can remember . I bought it on VHS shortly after I got my first VCR . Years later , it was one of the first DVDs I bought . After at least 25 years and probably more than a hundred viewings , I still laugh every time I watch it.Danny Kaye , a true master of the musical comedy , delivers a performance that is flawless . His comic timing , musical ability , and physical ability all come together in his characterization of the bumbling court jester . Combine this with the incredible performances of Basil Rathbone , Glynis Johns , and Angela Lansbury and you 've got a movie that should be in everyone 's top 10 -LRB- okay , maybe top 20 -RRB- . I remember seeing a special on Danny Kaye during which they interviewed the fencing master who trained Danny Kaye for the sword fight sequences . He commented that Danny quickly picked up the fight choreography and was , in short time , able to perfectly execute the sequence at a speed that even his teacher could n't keep up with . That seems to perfectly capture the essence of Danny Kaye . He was a master of his art and one who others were incapable of keeping up with.I promise , you will never be disappointed with this outstanding film . Sit back and enjoy .
 Being able to quote most of this movie is one of the things that first attracted my husband to me !!! -LRB- Danny Kaye the matchmaker !!!! -RRB- Danny is n't fencing Basil . Danny and his fencing master got to be so good with this sequence that Basil could n't keep up . If you notice , mot of the time you do n't see Basils face . That 's because it 's not Basil , but the fencing master . : -RCB- I 'm at the point that i 'm no longer watching the main charectors , but all the background what-nots . Watch Basil not be able to get the sword in its sheath , watch the technician in the back accidently pop out his head for a moment . Watch the people enjoying the `` Malajusted Jester '' song for the first time . Yes , folks , those are genuine laughs!Aw just get it would ya ? You 'll make Danny rest comfortably knowing he 's made your day a little brighter.Oh , Father !
 Danny Kaye is a jewel to the cinema . His quick tongue and commical disposition light up the screen . This movie really lets his musical talentes be revieled . The Malajusted Jester is the highlighted song in this movie . I have always liked Danny Kaye and this movie is one of my favorites
 I am a fan of Danny Kaye , and this is one of my favorite movies . I liked his mixture of comedy with action in this particular movie , plus the fact that Basil Rathbone , my favorite bad guy and excellent swordsman is also in the film makes it much more fun to watch . The colors in this DVD version are excellent which made the movie much more enjoyable .
 I stil rate this film as one of my favorite five or six comedies . Clean , clever , witty , entertaining , creative , and very funny.Definately a must see . Also Check out `` The Inspector General '' . Another Danny Kaye 1949 classic comedy with color added.Enjoy !
 `` The Court Jester '' is one of the most original comedies that one can see
 If you have n't encountered the unbelievably talented Danny Kaye yet , this film is an excellent introduction . It moved him to the top of my list ! He sings , dances , and delivers the most difficult dialogue with ease and grace in this marvelous comedy spoof of the entire swashbuckling genre.When we say the whole family enjoys this film , we 're not saying it 's a children 's movie with some adult humor ; we mean a film appropriate for everyone , with dialogue , characters , slapstick , and situations actually worth laughing at . It raises your standards for all other movies.Same for the singing and dancing . Not your typical Broadway musical numbers , but relevant and entertaining music . Kaye and his costars breeze through the entire film , apparently effortlessly . And what a cast ! You 'll be amazed at the young Angela Lansbury , and Basil Rathbone delivers a thoroughly convincing and enjoyable performance as the scheming villain.Why has n't this film eclipsed Monty Python 's `` Holy Grail '' ? It 's certainly better . Even the quotes are funnier -LRB- although I do n't want to ruin any of them for you . -RRB- If the film even has a weakness , it 's the first 20 minutes before the plot gets moving . But it manages to hold your attention with -- of all things -- midget acrobats until you 're so involved with the characters that you ca n't stop watching.So get it , already ! You ca n't afford to miss this one !
 I got in touch with this movie when I was 8 or 10 or so , as my grandfather showed us what he had recorded with his brand new VCR . For years , I only knew the German version , synchronized by a great artist of tongue like Danny Kaye was
 Even if you have n't seen -LRB- or heard of -RRB- `` The Court Jester '' , I 'll bet you 've seen at least one of its clones ... `` Start The Revolution Without Me '' , `` Love And Death '' , `` The Princess Bride '' , `` The Corsican Brothers '' , `` Robin Hood
 Danny Kaye 's 1956 `` The Court Jester '' is a deliciously funny , unapologetically silly spook of all `` Robin Hood '' - esque films . Widely considered to be one of Kaye 's best films , it costars a shockingly youthful Angela Lansbury and Glynis Johns -LRB- `` Marry Poppins '' . -RRB- The engaging -LRB- and continuously entertaining -RRB- plot centers around the good-natured yet hopelessly clumsy Hawkins -LRB- Kaye -RRB- whom is elected to infiltrate the court of Sir Ravenhurst -LRB- Basil Rathborne -RRB- , who has usurped the rightful King -LRB- a small baby with a purple pimpernel on his rear -RRB- by the Robin Hood clone , The Black Fox -LRB- Edward Ashley -RRB- . Hawkins , a member of the Fox 's band , is sent to obtain the key to the King 's secret tunnel so that The Black Fox can carry out his mission under the alias of a Court Jester named Giacamo . Nonstop laughter and absolute comic genius ensues.This uproarious and good-natured slapstick swashbuckler will have you clutching your sides with laughter . There are some truly classic moments in here that will have you quoting it months after viewing . The witty banter between characters and clever wordplay makes this a unique and unforgettable film . Watching `` The Court Jester '' made me nostalgic for Old-Hollywood when comedies were this funny , accessible , and inoffensive and movie stars were as genuinely talented , charming , and lovable as Danny Kaye.Hawkins
 Greetings all , What a great movie this is , a great copy with wonderful sound . The cast is the best and what a joy to see Danny Kaye as the jester . Great movie , would buy from seller again ! Cheers , William
 I do n't know who owns the rights to this film anymore . However , I can not believe that the DVD is out of print or that a re-mastered Blu Ray has not been released . Just look at all of the positive reviews . There is certainly a market for this great Danny Kaye vehicle .
 This movie is a fantastic example of the humour and talent of Danny Kaye . I 've watched it at least a hundred times and was very excited to find it on VHS since it is so expensive on DVD . It came on time , as advertised and in good condition .
 This is one of our family 's favorite movies . The problem we face is finding excellent classic movies on DVD . All of Danny Kay 's movies fit in this category . My son-in-love is a new citizen and was hoping to get this movie for his collection . When trying to track it down , we found that Amazon was the ONLY place for any reasonable amount . He 's getting it for Christmas and I know he 'll be thrilled !!
 I love this movie . My family 's tastes were so diverse when we were kids that among the 6 of us we could n't decide what movie to watch . One night , Mom and Dad brought this baby home from Hollywood video -LRB- yes , it was a while ago -RRB- , and we 've loved it ever since . Always a must-see for any family . The comedy is classic , genius , and fun . The actors are good , and the songs well-written . the plot is exciting and a classic spoof of Robin hood . Our family loves this song , and you will too ! I only wish it were available on DVD for a cheaper price . : D
 This film features the singings and dancings that peoples of the all ages can enjoy . The man is very funny and talanated .
 This is a must see . &#34; The vessel with the pestle has the brew that is true , the challaise with the palace has the potion with the poison &#34; . watch it
 This movie is a family favorite . It has very funny parts that we quote all the time . It is a very family-friendly , laugh out loud , fun movie .
 We ordered one and the person did not post that it would not work on our DVR until after I complained . So we ordered this one and it is great .
 We love this movie ! We saw it for the first time this summer and we all want a copy!Danny Kaye is hilarious !
 I was very pleased to find this movie new , excellent price , and close captioned ! Kudos to Amazon for having it availabe !!!!
 I have n't seen all of Danny Kaye 's films , but I ca n't imagine any better than this one . The Court Jester is quite silly but lots of fun . There are several `` skits '' that are indelible in film history . `` The chalice from the palace ... '' `` The doge does what the doge do ... '' Kaye 's switching between the buffoon and the hypnotised hero ! Great stuff . I highly recommend this family comedy ! I would also reccomend to viewers who liked this classic film another Technicolor classicThe Adventures of Robin Hood -LSB- Blu-ray -RSB- .
 Danny Kaye 's performance is one of the best Comedic roles ever done . It made me laugh years ago and still does to this day.The only thing missing on this DVD is an in depth feature of Danny and the making of this film . Basil Rathbone is superbas the canniving villain .
 This movie is a classic and perfect for kids old and young . I bought this for my niece and nephews -LRB- ages 9 to 12 -RRB- . They laughed all through it and now we can all do `` the pestle with the poison '' schtick . This movie offers something for everyone and especially good , clean , witty humor . If you have n't seen the marching scene of knights in armor with Danny Kaye in the middle you have n't had the perfect belly laugh of your life .
 Recieved the movie in great shape . Got as gift for my mom . It was even funnier than I remember . My mom and I laughted and laughed .
 I like Danny Kaye all right , but I 'm a Sylvia Fine fan as well , and she shines here , not only in the very clever title sequence and even cleverer `` Maladjusted Jester '' , but all the way through . I especially like the lullaby Kaye sings early in the film . Add first-rate songs to first-rate writing , spot-on performances , lush art direction and brilliant editing , and you 've got one of the best comedies ever made for the screen . The swordfight , impeccably choreographed , is even better than the ones in `` Princess Bride '' ; `` Maladjusted Jester '' is a delight you 'll want to see over and over ; the knighthood scene is a howler , and of course `` the vessel with the pestle '' is a classic of American culture . When they start considering film as literature in the schools , this classic should be in the basic overview . And kids , generations removed from its making , still love it.Personal note
 I am partial to Danny Kaye , he is one of my all-time favorite actors , but it 's not just partiality talking , when I say that this is one of the best comedies ever made ! I LOVE IT !!! Thankfully , I was raised watching old movies , and I am making sure that all of my friend 's children are made to watch this one , because it starts them on the path to appreciating classic comedy ; it 's definately Danny Kaye at his best !
 I purchased this dvd based on the reviews and was not disappointed . This is a gem of a comedy ! It has it all - jokes , physical comedy , musical comedy and is good clean fun for the whole family . One would think this role was made for Danny Kaye -LRB- and perhaps it was -RRB- because he is simply brilliant throughout the film.Kaye plays a role similar to that of one of Robin Hood 's Merry Men but he is not taken seriously by the others , including its leader , the Black Fox . In a twist of fate , Kaye is given the opportunity to prove himself when he pretends to be a famous court jester , also known in darker circles as an infamous assassin . Kaye 's goal is to gain access to the castle for the Black Fox 's men so that they can dispose of the illegitimate king and put in his place the rightful heir to the throne , a baby.This task is easier said than done as he must do battle with all sorts to accomplish his mission , including the king 's daughter who has an amorous eye on Kaye.My only disappointment was the lack of English subtitles but the sound is nice and crisp .
 This is one of the greatest and most carefree movies ever ! The DVD shipped fast and plays great . My little boys even love it ! The swordfight is their favorite part .
 One of my favorite movies . Have n't got tired of watching it again and again . Especially useful when I need a good laugh .
 Ordered this DVD , `` The Court Jester '' with Danny Kaye , received it in record time , perfect condition ! My whole family LOVED it !! Thanks !
 I gave this film to my Mom for Christmas , but the whole family enjoyed it.Of course we have seen it before . Danny Kaye is very talented . The music is good , and it is very funny . Thank you .
 I was very pleased with this movie and my kids loved it !
 This is a wonderful old movie and is a Must See , Danny Kaye is a brilliant performer .
 It is refreshing to see some TRUE comedy . Danny Kaye is great and some of the lines are hilarious - however - when a friend -LRB- not from USA -RRB- saw the DVD - he was lost . Too bad - so much talent going to be potentially forgotten . Much fun - and clean humor ! At 65 am I too old to talk about ` how it used to be ' ?
 This is a sweet simple old fashioned comedy . I love the direct and indirect humor and the music . Great Family Fun !
 I grew up watching this movie and I 'm still loving it as an adult , plus my kids love it too . Danny Kaye is the best !
 The Court Jester has to be one of the funniest movies ever made ! The plots -LRB- there are many ! -RRB- are terrific . Though some what unrealistic , this movie is a fantastic classic . Make sure you watch this when you can really hear what everyone is saying , otherwise you 'll miss half the fun !
 I originally wrote this review without leaving my name , but a good film is enjoyable every time you see it , so ... If one is tired of baudy bathroom humor of the typical comedies one finds today , perhaps `` The Court Jester '' will satisfy your comical thirst . Set in England during the time of chivalry and knighthood this musical comedy stars Danny Kaye as a ne'er do well circus performer who ends up out `` fox `` ing the dastardly villains , getting the girl and saving the real king 's butt -LRB- so to speak -RRB- . Glynis Johns plays Maid Jean whose stunning beauty and big eyes just make you melt -LRB- wow , I wish I 'd been born years earlier -RRB- . Basil Rathbone is his typical bad self as the evil Ravenhurst playing it to the hilt ! This film pulls out all the comical stops from tongue twisters to hypnosis , magnetism and even a Zorro sword play spoof with Rathbone ! This is Danny Kaye 's finest and funniest comedy ! A must see movie !
 In the history of the movies , fewer things are more amusing than watching Danny Kaye behave as Danny Kaye . Watching his films was a wonderful part of my childhood , and I remember being at home from High School on the day of his passing . I 'm very glad for the legacy he has left us to enjoy.In `` The Court Jester '' he could n't be more in his element as he amuses us with his usual patter numbers clever , tounge-twisting lyrics and sword play , and moves us with his loving care of the orphaned infant heir to the English throne . The scene of his lullabying the baby was shown as a tribute to him at the end of `` Entertainment Tonight '' the weekend after his death and it was a fitting tribute to him , his love of children , and the childlike sense of wonder he brought to all of his films.As Kaye 's love interest , Jean , a charismatic Glynis Johns is highly complimentary.She is not the sterotypical woman of medeival times , but having been raised as a boy , has a lot of cunning , ingenuity , and an occassional bit of brawn as the leader of those in rebellion against Cecil Parker 's evil King.Angela Lansbury 's Princess Gwendolyn longs for true love rather than an arranged marriage . She is firm and decisive in many ways , as she helps bring the tale to a positive conclusion.As the sourceress , Mildred Natwick leads into some of the film 's funniest scenes , including the notorious `` Pellet with the poison is in the vessel with the pestle '' routine that has become a classic.Hubert Hawkins ' cleverness in seizing the real Court Jester , -LRB- John Carradine , a man whom I could never really think of as funny -RRB- who was very arrogant , disguising himself in his clothes , and using his tounge-twisting dialogue with the King to cover his tracks is also a riot.Basil Rathbone as the evil henchmen is a refined villian . It 's amusing the way Kaye kept pushing his name out of the way during the opening credits , and I have wondered how often Hawkins ' accelerated knighthood ceremony had to be rehearsed before those on the set could stop laughing.Although the film overlooks the fact that a person ca n't be hypnotized against their will , the way Hubert Hawkins is , the comedy is generally light , and goofy , does n't get any saucier than the exposure of an infant 's backside , and children will love it.And as Hawkins reassures us at the beginning , `` What starts like a scary tale ends like a fairy tale , and life could n't possibly better be ! ''
 Danny Kaye is terrific in this '50s movie of love and treachery in Old England . His comedy ranges from slapstick to subtle , and people of all ages -LRB- above 5-6 -RRB- will be entertained . His backup by Basil Rathbone as the villian only serves to delight . Angela Lansbury and Glynis Johns round out the amorous adventures for `` The Court Jester '' .
 This Spectacular production features the tremendous pageantry and color of 12th century England and considerable talents of Danny Kaye -LRB- 1913-1987 -RRB- . Kaye plays the court jester who becomes involved with outlaws trying to overthrow the king -LRB- Cecil Parker 1897-1971 -RRB- . In between singing , dancing and clowning , he still finds time for some violent jousting with knights , dangerous duels with swordsmen , and Rescuiting damsels in distress . A Delightful comedy for the whole family . High Quality Transfer .
 This is a great movie for any age group . It has music and magic and all kinds of hilarity . It is definitely a movie that every family should have .
 This movie is hilarious , right up there with The Secret Life of Walter Mitty . Danny Kaye displays a wonderful performance and ability to make everyone laugh at his antics . The price was excellent for the worth of the performances and the age of the movie . With many other excellent supporting actors including Basil Rathbone , famous for his portrayal of Sherlock Holmes , and Angela Landsbury -LRB- Murder She Wrote , Bed knobs and Broomsticks -RRB- . All combining to give a superior and humorous tale that will have you in stitches of laughter .
 Danny Kaye 's ultimate best film . It is funny , romantic and empathic . He wants to be a hero type , but ends up hiding the baby King from the bad guy . He is enchanted by a court witch who convinces him he is a true hero with the snap of anyone 's fingers . The most memorable line is `` Get it ? Got it ? Good '' -- Danny did his own sword fight , but the villian was in reality a great sword fighter and would not fight Danny when he was goofing off . -- A MUST SEE MOVIE
 Danny Kaye is brilliant in this movie . His `` Vessel with the Pessle '' routine is one of the best . Danny Kaye is at his best . The midgets in themovie offset his humor .
 I happen to love old movies . If there is singing and dancing - even better . Danny kaye was a comic genius . He had a `` rubber '' face and a definite knack for getting the most out of his roles in movies . This is pure laugh out loud entertainment . This is the favorite of his movies for my sons who are in their twenties . I had forgotten just how good this movie is until we sat and watched it last week . Kids of all ages will enjoy it . Great family movie .
 This is a delightful film , fulled with song , misadventure and one of the best and funniest scenes about finding a poisoned cup . The word play is superb ; the acrobatics are marvelous and the swordplay is hilarious . Basil Rathbone , one of the most skilled actors at handling a sword , is a fantastic foil to Danny Kaye 's zanny movements . It is not a sophicated film but it is genuinely funny and warm . There are no special effects in this movie so it may not appeal to the techno-wizards . If you want a good but slightly off kilter Robin Hood type movie , this is the one for you .
 Great for adults and kids alike , this is a fun romp . Danny Kaye is delightful ; his talent makes this a real treat . The rest of the cast is good too ... check out Basil Rathbone ! Leonard Maltin 's movie review calls this `` one of the best comedies every made . ''
 This is a classic movie . From the time period it covers in a not going to take itself seriously attitude , the physical comedy , fantastic cast , and great writing that provides with endless opportunities to quote from . `` Get it ? Got it . Good . '' It 's a great pick for any home collection . Great for families and those who enjoy adding more variety by way of something old school and more uncommon than your average video library collector .
 I have great affection for Mr. Kaye and this is definitely one of his best films , as well as one of my favorites ! He is energetic , to say the least , and his repertoire is astounding ... He seems to effortlessly switch between roles -LRB- and there are many of them in this film -RRB- . Plus no one can match his ability to sing the delightful , tongue-twisting tunes his wife , Sylvia Fine , writes for him . Though this film is a musical comedy , it also has action & romance . Glynis Johns is wonderful as fellow spy & love interest ... and there is a whole slew of great supporting actors & actresses , such as Angela Lansbury & Basil Rathbone . Overall , it is charming & great fun ! A fresh & hilarious interpretation of medieval times .
 This is the greatest comedy ever made . It deserves better treatment than it was given by this DVD . The colours are not as good as the video version . There are no interviews , no `` the making of '' , no real special features at all . Why was Angela Lansbury not interviewed for this ? She narrates the special features for The Wizard of Oz and she was n't even in that movie ! Could no one be found who is still alive to discuss this picture ? This film deserves much more attention & credit than it has received .
 Hilarious film!However , the DVD , while correctly framed at 1.78:1 -LRB- This is a VistaVision movie , so it 's supposed to be widescreen ! -RRB- it 's a mediocre DVD otherwise . The color is likely close to what a Technicolor print would look like , but that 's it . There is almost no detail or grain in the image . The contrast is awful . Also , the sound is distorted at times.This is a perfect example of a film that ought to be fully restored by Paramount and later re-released as a remastered DVD .
 `` They do n't make 'em like this anymore . '' Wholesome -LRB- is that bad ? -RRB- entertainment , terrific performances by everyone . You 'll find yourself repeatedly saying `` The pellet with the poison 's in the vessel with the pestle ; the chalice from the palace has the brew that is true . `` Treat your friends and family to this wonderful classic . They 'll thank you !
 The AFI has a list of the 100 funniest films ever made . They check The Court Jester in at number 98 , I believe . Unfortunately , the previous 97 may be comedies , so-called , but they are n't that funny . The Court Jester , on the other hand , is , without shadow of a doubt , one of the two or three funniest films in the history of movie-making . This is a killer for making you , or me , at any rate , laugh like an uncontrolled , hysterical drain . The sequence where Kaye is initiated into the solemn order of knighthood -- a process normally taking three years -- in the space of five minutes , has me screaming with hilarity , every time . It 's painful . Yea , verily , yea . His virtuoso performance , under hypnosis , as the most dashing blade that ever swashed a rapier , will never be bettered . Especially when he decides to do a spot of mattress-bouncing . Ha-Ha ! He laughs at danger . This is a fantastically funny film . Incidentally , Sean , it 's the inimitable Cecil Parker 's Royal Court , not Basil Rathbone 's -- although , admittedly , Basil is the King of Dastards . Ten out of five for this one .
 This movie is a gem . Danny Kaye plays Hubert Hawkins , Who joins up with a band of Robin Hood Clones in order to place the Real king -LRB- The baby with the Birthmark on his bottom -RRB- on the throne . He ends up getting into the palace , where he meets Sir Ravenhurst -LRB- Basil Rathbone -RRB- , the Evil Bad guy . The Whole movie is a jumble of hilarious medeival misunderstandings The songs are awesome . The best part in the whole movie is the fencing scene at the end . I laughed SO hard!I highly reccommend it .
 Entertaining comedy-musical nonsense with Danny Kaye and a dream cast . THE COURT JESTER was tailor-made for the musical comedy brilliance of Kaye , and he 's in his element playing Hawkins , an entertainer asked to infiltrate the palace of the king , disguised as a famous court jester . Once inside the palace , Hawkins is also brainwashed into becoming the ardent lover of the princess -LRB- Angela Lansbury -RRB- . With each personality only a fingersnap away , Hawkins will need every ounce of his wits if he wants to survive the mission ... and win the heart of the fair Jean -LRB- played by the almost impossibly-beautiful Glynis Johns -RRB- . Danny Kaye sings and acts up a storm in this hysterical comedy . Perfect for the whole family , THE COURT JESTER costars Basil Rathbone , Mildred Natwick and Cecil Parker . The DVD has a crisp VistaVision print . -LRB- Single-sided , single-layer disc -RRB- .
 Danny Kaye 's best , and easily one of the top ten funniest movies ever made.Kaye is more or less the mascot clown of the Black Fox 's band of merry men -LRB- a Robin Hood-ish bunch in the woods -RRB- , who conspire to place the true infant king on the throne in place of the country 's present pretender . Kaye is in charge of delivering the infant safely to underground members in the palace , and gains entry by knocking out Giacomo , `` King of Jesters , and Jester of Kings , '' who Kaye does n't realize is already an impostor - the real Giacomo was replaced by the world 's most famous assassin , hired by evil court intriguers led by sinister knight Basil Rathbone . The king 's daughter -LRB- Angela Lansbury , at her youngest and most beautiful -RRB- believes Kaye is her great secret love , come to `` take her away from all this , '' and her personal attendant -LRB- who is a witch -RRB- hypnotizes Kaye into becoming the greatest swordsman in the land to win her affections . Everyone takes Kaye to be someone he is n't , and of course by the end of the picture Rathbone is foiled , the faux king is deposed , Lansbury gets her Prince Charming , and Kaye delivers the infant king and gets the girl.What elevates this above any average musical comedy -LRB- it goes without saying that Kaye sings a lot of very funny , rapid-patter songs -RRB- is the lickety-split script and flawless performances from the entire cast . Except for a rather slow beginning , this movie shoots out of a gun at lightning speed and never slows down.So many famous comedy routines came from this movie , that people quote from them all the time without realizing this was their source . The `` pellet with the poison '' routine is the most famous of them , and the funniest of them all . Kaye turning into the greatest swordsman in the land at the snap of a finger - and back into a cravenly coward at the next snap - is hysterical . His one-day-wonder knighthood - done in order that he may accept a duel from a knight whom he has offended - has so many comic bits in it , it 's hard to pick one to mention , but probably the most famous is the cranking-up of the speed of the slow , solemn obligation
 ... any negative qualities ! It 's one of the wittiest , funniest films ever made . It is Danny Kaye 's best , showing off all of his genius-level abilities as a comic actor , singer , and dancer . People -LRB- if any -RRB- who do n't like it need to have their giggle glands examined by a specialist ! I know of no film that will chase the blues faster .
 I have seen the Court Jester many many times , and I love the restored color on this DVD . The music and story is still wonderful -- the vessel with the pestel has the brew that is true .
 -LRB- and I ai n't kiddin ' -RRB- It 's got Danny Kaye in it , and of course , the Purple Pimpernel ! It 's just a lovely , lovely film !
 Great fun . The poisoned pellet is a classic as is `` Get it ? '' `` Got it ! '' `` Good . ''
 This movie is among my top 5 -LRB- I 've only figured out one other of them , which is Snowball Express -- see my review on it if you 'd like -RRB- . This movie is extremely funny , and what 's nice is that it does n't have the feeling of just making fun of previous movies like Errol Flynn 's Adventures of Robin Hood . It 's a spoof , but it 's not got the copy-cat flavor of one . There are too many absurd things on the movie for me to mention here , and for me , every single one was funny -- none of them seemed stupid , because all the characters treat the subject matter so seriously . I think comedy is funniest when the characters themselves take the silly situation seriously ! The Court Jester is the kind of role Danny Kaye was perfect in
 This was shipped and delivered quickly . The quality was excellent and I am very pleased .
 We got this for my mother-in-law . She said that it did n't have credits at the end , so we 're wondering how authentic and legal this copy was . It 's still a good movie , and Danny Kaye is hilarious .
 Ahhhh ! If we could just get TV and movie producers to produce `` stuff '' like they used to ! This is a GREAT classic , especially if you want to know about `` the brew that is true -LRB- have to watch the movie if you want to understand that -RRB- !
 This is a classic old movie . Danny Kaye is wonderful and Glynis Johns and Angela Lansbury are young and beautiful . The costumes and sets are Hollywood glamour . The music is delightful .
 My husband and I just watched this last night , and laughed and laughed . It is incredible to think this movie was produced in 1955 , and yet 50 + years later , it is still funny and enjoyable and not terribly dated . Danny Kaye does a wonderful job playing Hawkins/Giacomo/an assassin , and slips between these roles with ease and verve . He sings , he dances , he handles tongue-twisters with aplomb -LRB- you have to see the `` The pellet with the poison 's in the vessel with the pestle , the chalice from the palace has the brew that is true '' to appreciate it -RRB- , and he is altogether a joy to watch . Seeing a very young Angela Lansbury as the Princess Gwendolyn was a joy , and Basil Rathbone is perfect as the villain -LRB- but then again , was n't he always the perfect villain ? -RRB- All in all , buy this and watch it with your family ; there 's nothing in this that you ca n't share with your children .
 FAST SERVICE , EXCELENT CONDITION AND THE MOVIE IS ONE OF THE BEST DANNY KAYE DID ITS AN OLD MOVIE BUT ALL AGES COULD ENJOY THIS ONE .
 This was a family favorite for me growing up and we still quote several lines from this movie . I recently introduced this movie to my young children and they liked it as well . Danny Kaye is amazing !
 This movie is a slap stick Danny Kay comedy , filled with his great voices and funny faces . I especially like the intro song with the credits ; very advantegard for its time . TIP
 This comedy created in the late 1950s , is a classic . I bought it for my school age grandchildren , because it is hilarious for people of any age . The humor is so zany , but the best part is that there are no bad words and the most nudidty is a baby 's bottom , before which all the characters bow reverently . Very clever screenplay and great actors ; no wonder that this movie is one of the all-time great comedies . It is a fun family entertainment .
 We are big Danny Kaye fans , and Court Jester is certainly one of his best performances . He glides through high comedy like butter . A true master of his art .
 This is a great old movie . Danny Kay is just hilarious in everything he does.I am always happy with my purchases on Amazon.com because they are shipped quickly and they have great customer service .
 The Court JesterWhen I saw it on tv years ago I thought I MUST gain a copy but I did not until nowEnchanted by quick wording rhymes I still remembered `` The Flagon w the Dragon and The Chalice fm the Palace '' etcIt is a most hilarious and such a very good parodia on `` swash buckler '' films f Hollywood.The Court Jester is a funny story , has good songs . funny characters and dressestheatricals , beautiful actresses , innocent witchcraft that does not scare anyone but makes one laugh and yet has some tension , courteous conspiracies that go wrong such as the knighthooding scenes , too much good to comment on.I feel so happy that I can now share it with my family and here @ amazon reviewShared joy is double ! Play it and get a surprise for it has varying scenes that keep attention glued and see that it is entertaining every moment without lapse.One can never be too young or too old to enjoy this movie for all agesHighly Hearty Recommended
 Here was Danny Kaye at his finest . This is transcendent comedy . Pacing , framing , music , and pristine support from some of the best comedic actors in the business , and in the case of Basil Rathbone , who displays an unusual flair for the comedic straight man role , a marvelous preservation of that worthy 's versatility . In my opinion , this film , coupled with The Inspector General , represent Kaye 's pinnacle performances in his career . You should own them both!The Court JesterInspector General -LSB- VHS -RSB-
 `` Court Jester '' is Danny Kaye at his best . The tongue twisters , convoluted plans and the subtle nuances that create the fun of this movie still make me smile and laugh as though I was seeing it for the first time . Excellent to see the classics coming out on DVD . The comedy style to suitable for the whole family despite the humour being a little dated . Excellent movie for movie lovers .
 This was a favorite from childhood . I was thrilled to find it available through Amazon . The humor still holds fast , the color is amazing and the brilliance of Sylvia Fine and Danny Kaye shows in almost every scene , between the writing and the acting . It may be old but it is not dated . I am happy that , once again , I can whip through `` the palace with chalice ... '' etc. . We watched it with English subtitles on which was very helpful for my husband , who is French speaking . And I enjoyed the songs even more when I could listen AND read the lyrics . Great for adults and a wonderful family film . When Danny Kaye demonstrates to one of the king 's men how worldy he is by rattling through several languages , on one level you know it is gibberish , but on another it sounds so French ! So German ! So Italian ! He was such an outstanding actor
 There is n't really more to be said about The Court Jester that has n't been said by many other reviewers . I 'm just thrilled to be able to finally find and get this on DVD . A classic classic ! The best Danny Kaye film ever made , in my humble opinion : -RRB-
 LAUGHED AS A KID , NOW LAUGHING WITH MY KIDS , WE ALL LOVE IT . FILM QUALITY & COLOUR IS AMAZING
 I introduced my teenage son and daughter to this movie when shown on cable television a few years ago and they loved it . As with several movies they enjoy , many of the catch lines from the movie have entered their reference vocabulary . `` Get it , Got it , Good ! '' By chance , a short clip from the movie was part of a `` Star Trek
 This movie is a hollywood classic I could watch it over and over . A movie for the whole family .
 The Court Jester is a show piece for Danny Kaye who hits the mark each time . The sword fight alone is worth the price of the movie . This is a great movie for every age , providing plenty of laughs and family entertainment . When you purchase this movie you 'll `` get it , got it , good . ''
 If you are having a bad day this is the best antidote . Just watch this movie . I still laugh every time I see it -LRB- dozens of times -RRB- . Catchy dialogue , great acting , good music and great pagentry . Basil Rathbone , a seriously underrated actor , is superb . Evil literally drips off of him and here he reprises the role of the old Robin Hood movie with Errol Flynn.The vessel with the pestle or the flagon with the Dragon routine is sheer delight I am actually smiling as I write this review . Oh heck , just buy the DVD , you wo n't regret it .
 Just about anything Danny Kaye did was marvelous . But the Court Jester , to me , is the best ever ! Many different quotes have become part of the English slang . Get it ? Got it ! Good !
 This movie is the most lightheart fun that I 've seen in along time . Such a feel good movie and so much talent . It always make me laugh out loud . I was very please with the quality and the speed of delivery . Such great movies should go on forever . Definately Danny Kaye at his very best .
 This movie most certainly stands out as Danny Kaye 's masterpiece . Witty , musical and constantly amusing The Court Jester should be a cornerstone in every families DVD collection .
 Good , classic , old-fashioned hilarity . Why does n't anyone write stuff like this any more . A great Danny Kaye film .
 This production is a fabulous story - a masterpiece of Danny Kaye and the lyrics collaboration he did with his wife . A classic that everyone will love filled with the action reminiscent of the `` Robin Hood '' story but done tongue in cheek . A MUST FOR EVERY VIDEO LIBRARY !
 `` The Court Jester '' is one of Danny Kaye 's best -- full of his gangling-oaf humor , and with some of the best fencing on screen -LRB- but who would expect anything less when he 's fencing Basil Rathbone ? -RRB- . Angela Lansbury as a young and gorgeous princess is a plus , too . A big spoof of medieval inheritance wars , with Robin Hood-like freedom fighters , bufoonish lords of the castle and fairy-tale costumes -- fun ! And it 's on DVD , too !
 The Court Jester is a really great timeless comedy , from the day when comedy involved word games and soem slap stick ; as opposed to the more vulgar bathroom and bedroom humor that is typical in today 's comedys . Its got it all ; laughs , great music , swashbuckling action ... and best of all a happy ending . I recommend this movie to all who want to see a good `` feel good '' film that the entire family can watch . Just cause its old does n't mean it still does n't have value .
 Classic Danny Kaye movie . Enjoyed it as a child and enjoyed seeing again as an adult . Great humor . Danny Kaye was a true tallent as were all of the other stars of this show .
 The Court Jester is a classic , solid comedy , wordplay , slapstick , it 's brilliant . I can see why it became a national treasure .
 One of the best swordfights ever filmed!Also - famous for its tonguetwister - the pellet with the poison is in the vessel with the pestle . The chalice from the palace has the brew that is true ...
 A classic Danny Kaye movie . I loved this movie since the first time I saw it years ago . I 'm glad to have found it on Amazon .
 I randomly caught the end of a Danny Kaye movie and asked my mom what it was . She told me what it was so I watched it and since then I have been hooked on Danny Kaye movies . He is so talented . His humor is great ! Court Jester is a great example of how talented Danny Kaye is .
 good movie with excellent streaming quality . The Court Jester has always been one of my favorite movies and it still is .
 I remember loving this as a kid , so happy to see it on prime to share with my kids ... and delighted when my 12 year old found it as funny as I remember . A classic that is a great family film to this day
 Came quickly and in good order . love this video , it 's a fantastic journey down memory lane and highly recommended . Great singing and dancing
 What we have here is a classic -LRB- culture -RRB- film of incredible talent by an impressive string of very talented actors and actresses , really great sets , fantastic costumes , and although whimsical , certain elements abound throughout the film to generate a lifetime of memorable scenes and quotes that more than entertain the viewer . Danny Kaye may be better known as the sidekick to Bing Crosby in `` White Christmas '' but this sleeper film will amaze you whether or not you knew that much about Danny Kaye before . Mildred Natwick plays Griselda -LRB- personal servant maid to Princess Gwendolyn -RRB- in this film and she displays such talent that she rivals Angela Lansbury -LRB- Princess Gwendolyn -RRB- . Mildred Natwick starred earlier in `` The Quiet Man '' as the landowner that sold John Wayne the wee humble cottage John Wayne 's character returned to Ireland to reclaim . Basil Rathbone shows in `` The Court Jester '' why he starred in so many films by his acting prowess , and no reviewer can ever say enough about the character Maid Jean played by Glynis Johns . Glynis Johns must have popped many corks back there in 1955 when this movie first came out ; what an absolutely delightful woman . This old classic film made me smile when I realize most of the players in this film were n't headliners yet , and none of them were overpaid like today 's spoiled egotistical Hollywood icons . `` The Court Jester '' is simply an epic story done in grand extravagant splendor and without computer special effects or the trickery editing modern day movies are embellished with . It is almost impossible to pick out a favorite part . Danny Kaye has all the flamboyancy of Errol Flynn , the comic genius to equal anything before or since , and his facial tics along with body language is on peer with anything done by Jim Carrey 50 years later than this film came out . I ca n't imagine anybody not liking this film if you are a fan of Camelot and Knights of the Round Table genre , or if you like comedy that has adventure and drama packed in there with it . A great family film with plenty of music for the ladies , but robust and hearty action for the guys . BTW , crossword puzzle fans know this film is referred back to , and legends of a character of the Black Fox being like Robin Hood , well that just never gets old . Especially not with Danny Kaye involved too . I recommend this film for all ages , all viewing tastes , and echo what other reviewers have said , do n't let the opening credits put you off . Get into the movie and give it a chance . You wo n't be disappointed . Great stuff , and I like this film better than 1947 's `` The Secret Life of Walter Mitty , '' also starring Danny Kaye . His daughter Dena Kaye said `` The Court Jester '' was a defining film for Danny , and fans would recite lines from this film to Danny more than any other film or show he was part of during his entire career . In most of Danny Kaye 's biographies you 'll find one of his more famous quotes , `` I became an entertainer not because I wanted to but because I was meant to . ''
 This came to a drive-in theater the first time I saw it . I was on a first date with a girl who was n't impressed by Danny Kaye 's humor , but I laughed so hard that I almost hurt myself . Against her wishes , we stayed at the theater and sat through a boring second feature just so I could watch this one again . I have quoted some of these lines my entire life , and every now and then someone recognizes `` the chalice from the palace '' or `` I am Giacomo ! '' and breaks into hysterical laughter . The duelling scene alone is worth the price , but when you add in the sped-up verion of the knighting ceremony ... ah ah haaa ... sorry , I had to stop because I was laughing so hard at the memory . It 's wonderful !
 One of Danny Kaye 's finer hours , this farce stands the test of time pretty well . Kaye was the Jim Carrey of his time - if you do n't like his pratfalling style of physical comedy once , you wo n't ever like it - but even if not a fan of his particular brand of tomfoolery , the verbal patter alone is worth the price of admission.The plot should be brushed over - it 's intricate and daft as a good farce should be , revolving around mistaken identities and wooing the girl , and multiple characters up to nefarious deeds . Complications arise when Kaye tries to pretend he is the Jester , and is then hypnotised to believe he is a great swordsman and lover , and changes between identities at the snap of a finger . It is the wonderful script that makes the difference , particularly in Kaye 's verbally dextrous moments . This is the movie that first did the ` The vessel with the pestle has the brew that is true , the chalice from the palace has the pellet with the poison ' sketch , which is still classic these many years later . However , there are plenty of other classic scenes such as ` When the Doge did his duty and the Duke did n't , that 's when the Duchess did the dirt to the Duke with the Doge . ' speech , and any scenes with the incomparable Basil Rathbone - still the dashing figure and fencer even at 63 . Support from the brilliant Cecil Parker as the King and even Angela Lansbury as the King 's daughter elevate proceedings to make this worth watching , as all of the cast are faultless in their comic timing.In vivid Technicolour , and with a clean print and clear sound , this is a great buy - shame it is presented as a vanilla disc -LRB- no extras -RRB- but even so , worth acquiring for repeated viewing . This is the quintessential light hearted and high spirited swashbuckler spoof , with appeal to both kids and adults .
 There are many excellent contemporary comedians , but few approach that area where Danny Kaye was a master , the one of verbal mixups . `` The pellet with the poison 's in the vessel with the pestle , but the chalice from the palace has the brew that is true '' series of instructions , as delivered by the wonderful Mildred Natwick and subsequently butchered by the timid and nervous Kaye is rightly called a classic routine . Has there ever been anything quite this funny verbally on film?Kaye is fairly well represented on DVD , but , oddly , one of his best films has yet to appear . I refer to the unbeatable `` Knock on Wood . '' His performance here includes superb physical comedy such as a remarkable under the table sequence where he engages in the rapid shifting of his own hands to prevent being discovered by a host of seated spies . Verbally , in this film , he is also at his peak . For instance , in a scene where he poses as a British car salesman recently returned from an Indian vacation , he is asked how he enjoyed the Himalayas . The momentary confusion on his face lets us know he has no clue what the Himalayas are . But his cluelessness , marvelously enough , is only momentary . With that instant arrogance and unearned sense of superiority which made Kaye 's satiric targets so recognizable to the British , he trumps his questioner with the answer , `` Loved him . Hated her . ''
 If you love good clean family humor , Danny Kaye is a classic master of comedy - fun , songs , and more . Enjoy !
 I love this movie . I am using the present tense because I believe this movie is a classic and can be enjoyed by all ages . Hysterically funny ! To prove my point , I recently showed it at a backyard gathering which included all ages groups -- and guess what ? They all enjoyed it . That 's a true testament to Danny Kaye 's timeless appeal . The movie takes place in medieval times , and Danny Kaye is a frustrated Robin Hood wannabe . He is given an assignment to guard the future king of England , a baby , and through various disguises and mishaps he plows through to a hilarious ending . The movies stars Angela Lansbury , Glynnis Johns , and Basil Rathbone . Please see this movie if you 'd like to feel good and need an old fashioned belly laugh !
 This is a movie you will love if you remember Danny Kaye and if you are too young to remember then you will enjoy the physical comedy.Glynnis John -LRB- also played the mom in Mary Poppins -RRB- and Basil Rathbone star in this . My kids still mumble the `` Vessel with the pestle has the brew that is true '' phrase amoung others . Get it?Got it ! Good !
 I have seen this movie a jillion times and it still makes me laugh . It should be used to teach comic timing . It should be used to teach politics . It should be used to help people recover from grief . Get it ? Got it ! Good .
 The pellet with the poison 's in the flagon with the dragon . The chalice from the palace holds the brew that is true . Easily one of my favorite movies ever . Danny Kaye is one of a kind , and this movie shows his considerable talent to its fullest . My dad insists Scaramouche has the greatest swordfight scene ever . I think this one tops it , with The Princess Bride as a close second . Favorite line -- The real king is on the throne , Jean is my very own , and life could n't possibly better be !
 I grew up watching this movie and enjoying it . Just last weekend I was watching it and found another half-dozen funny jokes I 'd never caught before . It just gets better !
 My first taste of the comedic genius of Danny Kaye was when I saw this movie late one night when I was about 13 . I waited anxiously for the movie to be on again and thus began my life long addiction to the sweetness of Danny Kaye . This movie is an absolute must for anyone who loves to laugh . This is one of the best musical comedies I have ever seen . The songs always manage to tug at my heart especially the lullabye . Danny was truly a one of a kind , I have yet to see an actor reach his level .
 Very entertaining ! if you like Danny Kaye , and comedy get this movie!You and your family will absolutely love it .
 This one is absolutely , without a doubt , the best Danny Kaye movie ever . In it he shows off his many vocal talents
 This is one of the best musical comedies I have seen in my entire life . Danny Kaye is hilarious ! This movie is going to be around for a long , long time ... and the generations to come WILL enjoy it as much as the first did !
 I 've grown up on this movie . I 've loved it ever since my dad sat me down to watch it at age 10 . It 's got everything you would want . And my favorite line
 we love movies like this one ... they are so entertaining and keep us on the edge of our seats laughing outloud ... ca n't find them like that anymore ... wish actors could still be so wonderful in their performaces without all the modern political correctness ...
 I saw this movie very late one night , and I have not been able to get it out of my head ever sinse . The one line that will always stick with me , even when I am a senile old man , will be , `` The pellet with the poison 's in the vessle with the pestle and the chalise of the palace holds the brew that is true . '' This movie also stars a very young and very beautiful Glynis Johns and the legendary Angela Lansbury . A truely memorable film that will be a personal favorite for years to come .
 This is the movie where I fell in love with Danny Kaye . They showed this movie at school when I was in the third grade , and I have loved it ever since ! When I grew up and they invented VCR 's , it was one of the first movie 's I got . I wore it out and had to get a new copy ! Now I am showing it to my children , and the cycle starts again . If you love to laugh and have fun , this is the movie for you !
 If you love Danny Kaye this is a must have . This is the pinnacle of his comedic career . Everyone should see this movie .
 My daughter 's first saw this movie when they were very young and loved it . They are now in High school and Middle school and still love it . -LRB- As do my wife and I -RRB- It is a movie that any age will enjoy .
 This classic is great for laughs . It is a movie that will stand the test of time in the comedy era .
 This is not a BIG budget film , but it is a funny one . If you like Danny Kaye , you already have a copy of this film . If you do n't , buy it . Perfectly fine for the whole family .
 Always loved this movie since I was a kid -LRB- before VCR 's -RRB- and would watch on Dad 's old 16 mm projector . . Funny that someone else wrote they felt this role was &#34; made for Danny Kaye &#34; ... In fact the movie was based on a book - &#34; The Maladjusted Jester &#34; that was written by Sylvia Fine - who was - guess who ? Danny Kaye 's wife !
 The Court Jester is a true classic that will keep you entranced the whole time . Danny Kaye is a top-flight actor and singer . It is sort of a take on Robin Hood , the evil king on the throne and a band of fearless outlaws in the forest loyal to the real king . Except Danny is not the fearless leader but the nurse to the orphaned crown prince , and his only duties are to hold the child and show people the mark on his -LRB- the baby 's -RRB- butt . Sound nasty ? it 's not .
 Is the brew that is true in the chalice from the palace or the flagon with the dragon ? You 'll never know unless you take the time to enjoy one of the greatest Danny Kaye movies of all time ! Also starring Angela Lansbury , Glynis Johns , Basil Rathbone ... does it get any better ?
 Once again Danny Kaye weaves his very own special type of comedy in a very engaging film . The color , pagentry and the acting are all great . A wonderful film for all of all ages ...
 This is one of my favorite Danny Kaye movies . I am 46 years old and my son is 19 . We both love this movie . Danny Kaye 's quick wit is unmatched . I highly recommend this movie to anyone of any age . Simply a superb comedy .
 I love this movie !! very old fashioned but very very funny !!! great to watch with the family
 `` The Court Jester '' 's story line is loosely based on Robin Hood and certainly is formulaic in its plot . Briefly , the kingdom has been usurped , but the royal child -LRB- who has a very specific royal birthmark -RRB- is still alive . The Black Fox has sworn his allegiance to the infant king and his band of `` outlaws '' will do all in their power to restore the child to his rightful throne . The fun in this film comes from the actors and actresses that shone in MGM 's skies . The film works around the talents of Danny Kaye . Comedy bits are certainly added into the plot as a showcase for his unique blend of talents . Basil Rathbone subtlely shines in his role as a confidant and advisor to the `` usurper king '' who has plans to rule himself . All in all , if you like films that roll along at a slower pace than today 's action adventures , witty dialogue , and comedy bit pieces , `` The Court Jester '' will provide plenty of entertainment .
 Very Funny , I love Danny Kay.This is in his style as always .
 Danny Kaye was one of the masters of comedy ! This is one of my most favorites of his movies . PUT IT ON DVD ! My friend and I were rolling with laughter nearly every minute of this movie . Get it !
 The Court Jester was , in my opinion , the funniest movie Danny Kaye made . It keeps you laughing from the begining to the end , with a story line that combines many adventure tales , and twists 'em into hilarity . It is set in the time of Robin Hood , includes parts that could be from Zorro -LRB- In the movie , a Robin Hood character is called ` the fox ' -RRB- and has quips such as '' The PURPLE Pimpernel '' which resides on the rear end of the baby king . A must for every video library .
 We 've seen this one over & over again and constantly laugh at the antics and clever word usage in the movie . Great for all ages , humorous and an ending with good values . Colorful characters , costuming , plot and dialogue . I 'm giving it to someone as a remedy for an illness . Laughter is good medicine and this is some of the best !!
 Danny Kaye is always fun for the whole family . `` The pellet with the poison is in the vessel with the pestle . The chalice with the palace holds the brew that is true . '' One of those movies you remember for years to come .
 I think this is the best movie I 've ever seen . Danny Kaye brings laughs to this classic about a court jester who must put a young babe who is a king on the throne.He was usurped by the present king and his hinchmen . A delightful comedy for the whole family . A must see !
 Amazingly funny . Incredibly physical . Written with precision and razor sharp wit . All of these accolades fit perfectly when discussing THE COURT JESTER.Making fun of British royalty in the 1700s , Danny Kaye pulls off a stunningly funny and physical performance . Much of this appreciation , however , must be placed firmly in the laps of writer/directors Melvin Frank and Norman Panama . The dialogue is masterful and shoots from the characters in rapid-fire succession . The infamous `` Get it . Got it . Good . '' as well as the unforgettable `` The vessel with the pestle has the pellet with the poison '' routine which will most likely have you wetting yourself with laughter.The story , from the get-go , is light and intentionally so . We find young Hawkins -LRB- Danny Kaye -RRB- singing in the merry forest , pretending to be The Black Fox , a Robinhood-esque fighter against the royal crown . But Hawkins real job is to take care of the true heir to the throne , a baby born from royalty but saved from the slaughter of the now sitting King . And this baby has a birthmark on its royal bottom
 This movie is very funny and entertaining . This happens to be one of my teenage daughters favorite movies . Even though it was made in 1956 and there was not the technology we have , today this a great movie .
 An exuberant comedy which stands the test of time . Family-friendly and fun for all ages .
 Danny Kaye
 I 've wanted to introduce my kids to classic movies and I decided to start with comedies . I 've always been crazy about Danny Kaye - and now my kids are too ! They got a kick out of it when they recognized Angela Lansbury and Glynnis Johns , and it 's a really cute movie.My only problem with it is that it only has the widescreen format . I made a promise to myself not to waste any money on movies that were n't available in full-screen format , but this movie is worth making an exception to that rule .
 This is an absolutely hilarous movie , from beginning to end . Aside from being a dead-on parody of the Robin Hood movies , it 's packed with classic comedy and song bits . Basil Rathbone is the perfect evil villian , and Kaye is perfect as a bumbling peasant pressed into service to overthrow the villainous King . If you do n't buy this because you mistakenly expect an old comedy to be boring , tiresome , or dated , then you 'll be missing out on a lot of laughs .
 DANNY KAYE IS MY FAVORITE ACTOR OF ALL TIMES AND THAT IS WHY I ORDERED CATALOGUE OF ALL YOUR OLD MOVIES ... DORIS DAY ... WALT DISNEY CARTOONS , I.E. CINDERELLA ... ETC. . . I LOVE MYSTERY AND ACTION FILMS ALSO , BUT NOT WITH PROFANITY OR SEX ... I USE THEM FOR TEACHING AS I LIVE IN THE PHILIPPINES AND AM A MISSIONARY . PLEASE REPLY ASAP ... THANKS LINDA BOATWRIGHT
 When I was five years old I remember meeting a man who put an eiderdown around my shoulders and he made me laugh so much . He said
 I have to agree , there are some excruciatingly funny scenes in this movie . I mean real gut busters ! If you want to laugh and feel good then this is the Classic Film of all times ! This put Kaye on the map . And what is more amazingly is that his wife wrote many of his verbal antics . Kaye is the master of the double tongue and his acting skills was under-looked by the movie industry . Even now he should be recognized as one of the greats of yesteryear . And is deserving of many awards.This film is a true hilarious classic that everyone can and will enjoy . Get this film and you will be more then happy you did . LOL just thinking about it . Because the Doug did what the doug duz when it does its duty to the duke dat is . ROFL
 I have seen the Court Jester and so far it is definitely my favorite danny kaye movie . He is the most incredible actor there ever was and the most tellanted.I think he could speak 7 languages and can talk in the most confusing tung twisting manner at such a speed you just cant believe your ears he could also sing , dance , and act . There is no othr actor or person I know of that can do as much as he . I very much recomend that you see this movie .
 This is a great old DvD Movie my kids love it . Very Funny D Bradley
 Cecil Parker is perfectly cast as the idiosyncratic usurper king . Basil Rathbone is excellent as the king 's villainous noble henchman . Angela Lansbury offers the humorous love interest , with great aplomb and fine diction . Yet the whole thing is bound together by two things . First is Danny Kaye at his brilliant and musical best . Secondly is the script . If you take the trouble to analyse it , there seems to be not a redundant word , let alone a wasted phrase . Some serious film reviewers marvel at the climatic sword fight between Errol Flynn and Basil Rathbone in Robin Hood . The sword fighting sequence between Kaye and Rathbone is not only blindingly skilful but also incredibly funny . It is a sheer joy to watch , again and again and again!Ian Hunter.Author of ` e-Love ' .
 Oh Danny Kaye how you make us laugh ! You would n't think they could fit so many outrageously funny scenes in one movie , but they did in this one . From start to finish it is so enjoyable to watch . It must have been hard for everyone behind the scences involved with the taping of this movie to be still and quiet and not laugh . And not only is it a great comedy musical , the whole story is a good one and it flows along nicely . Sure glad I grabbed one before it went out of print and now is a bit more expensive or not available at all .
 Not only did the DVD come promtly but it was brand new . the movie itself was funny . Danny Kay is one of those actors who do it all . Sing , dance , be funny and romantice all in one movie , sometimes all in the same scene .
 The Court Jester is one of the funniest and most entertaining movies ever made . Danny Kaye was one of the three greatest film comedians after the advent of sound . The other two were Bob Hope and Red Skelton . All three made enjoyable comedies and frequently played the same kind of part , that of a well-meaning but inept bumbler who is thrust into a dangerous situation and would like to flee but stays to save the damsel in distress . Danny Kaye and Glynis Johns are delightful as the hero and heroine . The clever word-play routine performed by Danny and Mildred Natwick about the `` pestle with the poison '' is deservedly considered a comedy classic . However , I think it should be noted that a year before `` The Court Jester '' was released , Red Skelton 's `` A Southern Yankee '' also contained a very clever bit of word play about `` the pocket with the packet . '' I have always suspected that Sylvia Fine -LRB- Danny Kaye 's wife -RRB- or whoever wrote the Kaye word play may have been inspired by the similar word play in Red Skelton 's movie . Unfortunately , no one ever mentions Red 's funny routine . Incidentally , Skelton 's movie deserves to be released on DVD , too . Buster Keaton worked with Red as a comedy consultant . It would be pointless to try to pick one of the great comedians as better than the others . I 'll just mention that Danny Kaye was a great master of double talk and musical nonsense numbers with almost impossible to pronounce words . His only rivals in double talk were Sid Caesar and Jonathan Winters , who were great comedians but not movie stars .
 We saw the DVD version of The Court Jester in Stockholm last summer . What a pleasure to watch such talent as Danny Kaye was blessed with . Glynnis Johns , Angela Lansbury , Basil Rathbone and the rest of the cast were superb as well .
 Without a doubt this is one of the most hilarious musical comedies . Danny Kaye at his very best with his play on words , fake foreigh language routines , double talk and comedic expressions . Also the rest of the cast is wonderfully funny , all of which are known for their serious dramatic roles . Angela Lansbury is both beautiful and wonderful as the princess . The film is a take off of every Robin Hood and Knights In Shinning Armor story , and the `` Knighting '' of the jester scene is fall down laughing hilarious . There are so many stand-alone funny scenes that it 's hard to pick a favorite . The movie has always been a family favorite with both my children and now with my grand children . My six year old grandson asks to see it almost everytime he visits . This is truely a Family Film . Watch it together and after you will find yourselves repeating much of the routines , from `` Get it-Got it '' to the `` deaf grandchild '' and the `` pellet with the poison '' routine . The movie has become a kind of cult film among lovers of comedy movies and has appeared on several greatest comedies of all time lists .
 There are already many wonderful reviews of this movie . I want to remind viewers that it is widescreen and the colors are clear , rich and vivid unlike some older films . It is a true feast for the eyes and makes a perfect quality gift .
 I think this is one of Danny Kaye 's best movies , although I loved them all . The DVD arrived in a timely manner and in excellent condition . Danny Kaye was an outstanding entertainer and could sing , dance , and generally be funny .
 If this film is not the funniest film ever made , then it certainly has the funniest scene ever filmed . The `` pellet with the poison '' scene is truly hilarious , and it goes on for about 10 minutes . I ca n't think of another picture with a scene that will make you laugh that long . Also , the image of the baby pig coming through the gate instead of the wild boar in the nighthood test makes me laugh each time I think of it . The old adage `` They do n't make 'em like this anymore '' is certainly true here and applies to the cast as well as the script .
 Great movie . Danny Kaye was outstanding . The best part in the movie is when he is playing a old man . Pure pleasure . Watch it .
 A classic story with all the wrong twist gone right !!! The rightful royal family has been dispossessed ; and the worst guy for the job is set to get the rightful king back on the throne !!! He 's out matched and out classed with every obstical he runs into , and his ability to act the fool is the only thing which keeps him alive !!! With a quick wit and a long yellow streak this comedic fairy tail has the wrong hero who 's just right for the job !!! A great movie for all ages ... enjoy !!!
 Absolutely one of Danny Kaye 's best . I laughed so hard that there were tears . Truly an enjoyable movie . I just do n't think they make them like this anymore .
 This movie is just as great as I remember it from when I was a little kid!My mom and I , every Saturday would watch old movies on tv , and my favorites were always Danny Kaye movies , this one is by far my favorite!Danny plays the best part as the jester , his style is like no other!I recommend this movie to anyone who wants a lighthearted laugh !
 What fun ! Danny Kaye , with music by his wife , Sylvia Fine , is in `` Fine '' form in this classic . Danny plays Giacomo , the `` King of Jesters , '' as he infiltrates the corrupt king 's court in an effort to restore the rightful heir to the throne . Along the way , there are many hilarious scenes and when they get to the `` chalice from the palace and the vessel with the pestle , '' you 'll roll on the floor laughing . The supporting cast of Basil Rathbone , Glynis Johns , Angela Lansbury , and the great character actress Mildred Natwick only add to the fun . I define a `` classic '' as a movie that can be watched over and over and be enjoyed with every viewing . The Court Jester certainly more than meets that criteria .
 We have always loved this movie , and were excited to be able to get it on DVD ! Having it delivered in one day to our home made my day ! I ordered several more copies to be given away as gifts , which were a hit . Even my teens love this movie ! Thank you for your quick delivery service , and wonderful customer service .
 I absolutely love this movie !! I am a huge Danny Kaye fan ! This movie makes me laugh from start to finish . It is good family fun !! Pop it in the player , get some snacks , and sit the family down for a night of laughter ! I love to watch this movie with my daughter . She dances to all of the music !
 This is one of my all time favorites ! Danny Kaye is absolutely outstanding ! Angela Lansbury is wickedly beautiful ! This is an all time movie great ! You will be completely entertained with this one !
 Good Clean humor . The whole family likes to watch this movie over and over again . We have seen this movie more than a dozen times , and we do not get tired of it .
 The Court Jester is one of my favorite movies - using the good old hollywood-style of making movies . The DVD includes the movie and the trailer - things like having a `` making of '' were not frequent at that times . However , the dvd is a good alternative to having a video-tape that fades away .
 I purchased this and Hans Christan Andersen for my seven year old daughter this Christmas . She was unfamilar with either the movies or Danny Kaye but not any more . She enjoyed both very much . There are so many old classics that need to be introduced to the children of today and these are two fine examples .
 I first saw The Court Jester as a young boy growing up in rural Michigan . With not much to do , or watch , I quickly became a fanatic ; I would watch the tape continuously . About the sixtieth or so viewing the picture began to degrade and the audio started weaning in and out -LRB- the tape I had came from my grandfather and was already about five years old when I got my hands on it -RRB- . With a flair for preservation , and little knowledge of `` Tape Stores '' , I decreed that I would only watch the movie once a year . So for about six years I went with only six views of the film . Then , on a rainy day in March I had a revelation . I was surfing the web , which I usually only used for looking at girlie pictures , when I stumbled upon an amazing site called Amazon.com . In an act of sheer genius the website had compiled a list of movies , books , and cds , from around the world and put them up for sale . I quickly searched for `` The Court Jester '' and was stunned to find not only did they have a VHS copy but a DVD copy as well ! I pulled out my credit card and purchased it right there . Since that date I have been enjoying The Court Jester , digitally remastered , and with dolby digital surround sound .
 Danny Kaye stars in this uproarious , hilarious , witty , timeless comedy about a Jester embroiled in affairs of state , romance , and laughter in a medieval kingdom.This is a film to watch over and over again ! `` Life could not better be , better be , better be ... ''
 The pellet with the poison 's in the vessel with the pestle ; the chalice from the palace has the brew that is true!Really , that 's all that needs to be said to explain why exactly this movie is so wonderful . It is a classic , deemed so by the National Film Registry and every person I 've ever shown it to . It is witty with dancing and extravagant sets and costumes . There are midgets and a Robin Hood character and plots with poison and it is nonstop entertainment.It is from 1956 , but the humor is still PG and universally relate-able . How often can you say that about a movie ?
 I remember watching this one years ago , and it stills holds up incredibly well . Not only is `` The Court Jester '' -LRB- 1956 -RRB- arguably Danny Kaye 's finest comedy , it 's an excellently-mounted production in every way . The cast -LRB- Glynis Johns , Angela Lansbury , Basil Rathbone -RRB- is superb , the sets & costumes lavish , the songs -LRB- penned by Kaye 's wife Sylvia Fine -RRB- top-notch , and then there 's Kaye himself , who 's probably never been funnier.As the minion of the Robin Hood-like bandit The Black Fox , Kaye gets in over his head -LRB- natch ! -RRB- in a plot to restore an infant king to his rightful throne . En route , Kaye participates in some great comic moments that deserve to be called classic
 One of the best films Danny Kaye appeared in , and backed by an equally fantastic cast in top form
 Paramount Pictures presents `` THE COURT JESTER '' -LRB- 1955 101 min/Color -RRB- -- Starring
 This movie is so funny I laugh until I ca n't breathe , even after multiple viewings , and also features some phenomenal stuntwork and great singing . The cast is simply amazing
 Some where toward the end of THE COURT JESTER Danny Kaye and Mildred Natwick go into this routine that is Simply hilarious . Something about the CHALICE IN THE PALACE . I 'm from a huge family and pratically all of them know it by heart as they started memorizing it 25 years ago.I had a nephew that was going with this girl in Amarillo -LRB- they 've been married for years now -RRB- and he took her all the way to his home in El Paso where his mother had a video just so she could see it.I recently ordered a DVD of it and then a nephew asked me to send him on so I sent him mine . Then when I ordered it again they said it was discontinured . FORTUNATELY I found one on Amazon . I could n't live without it in my collection as we always have young ones coming along who have n't seen it .
 I was so happy to get this on dvd , so I could share this movie with my kids . They thought it was as fun as I do . I again was very pleased with the quickness of delivery and the condition of the movie . Great !
 Dazzling wit , charm and comedic timing to spare . All aided by gorgeous color and other topnotch production values . No background material included in the package , alas , but the movie is in great shape and that 's enough . The songs and jests fit Kaye 's brand of silliness perfectly . And hearing and watching old serious dramatic pros like Basil Rathbone , Cecil Parker and Mildred Natwick volleying crackling quips with Kaye is an especially tantalizing delight . Even the hulking , ominous villain Sir Griswold -LRB- Robert Middleton -RRB- is allowed his downright adorable moment . A great comedy .
 Possibly the funniest musical comedy ever made . Even if you are not a Danny Kaye fan , you should try this movie . Do n't be put off by the opening sequence , which looks rather dated now . The film contains some excruciatingly funny scenes , including the classic `` Flagon with the dragon '' routine . This is Kaye at his brilliant best.The story -LRB- set in a mediaeval England which cheerfully makes no attempt at historical accuracy -RRB- is remarkably solid and complex , which helps maintain the film 's brisk pace.So when you are in the mood for some good old-fashioned fun , put your feet up and summon `` The Court Jester '' . Update
 I am not a great Danny Kaye fan , but this movie is one the the very funniest I 've ever seen . Everything about it is excellent , from the production values to the songs & lyrics , from the fine quality of actors to the charm and wit of the dialogue and the story . There is literally nothing wrong with this movie . It is fit for all audiences , from the youngest to the oldest members of your family . I remember the first time I saw it , being struck by the fact that all the actors seemed to be having an absolutely marvellous time . Particularly during the Jester 's first call at entertaining the court ... unforgettable and sheer delight . Every single person on camera looked like they were having a wonderful time just being there . I had n't seen anything like such a fine emsemble cast since ` All About Eve . ' I think it must have been because there were no bad lines , no bad parts , no scenes that did n't work , and everyone had a chance to shine . Having a good material to work with really does make a world of difference . Stars Danny Kaye , Angela Landsbury , Basil Rathbone , and a host of marvellous British actors whose names are right now escaping my memory . Buy it . Keep it . Enjoy it for years .
 IMPORTANT NOTE
 Yea , verily , yea ; in days of old when knights were bold , and intrigue was a staple of the Royal Court , there were Utopias usurped , kings killed , querulous queens , knights knighted , dukes daily doing whatever it is dukes do and ladies forever in waiting . And in every court there was also a fool ; a merrymaker , an entertainer , one with access to the royal ear and often a doer of different kinds of deeds , such as the one portrayed in `` The Court Jester , '' directed by Norman Panama and Melvin Frank . Danny Kaye stars as Hubert Hawkins , an entertainer by trade , who due to circumstances within his control becomes jester to the court of King Roderick I -LRB- Cecil Parker -RRB- . Roderick , however , is a false king , sitting upon the throne in the stead of the real heir to the throne , still a baby , who bears the undisputable truth of his birthright in a birthmark of a scarlet pimpernel upon his backside . And yea , verily , yea , the intrigue mounts as Sir Ravenhurst -LRB- Basil Rathbone -RRB- jostles for position within the court , while a rebel known as the `` Black Fox '' -LRB- Edward Ashley -RRB- , along with his beautiful daughter , the Maid Jean -LRB- Glynis Johns -RRB- , and his band of merry men attempt to install the true king to the throne . While in the midst of it all , there is Hawkins , now known as `` Giacomo , king of jesters , and jester of kings , '' proving beyond the shadow of a doubt that in the end , it is laughter that is , indeed , the Ruler of any court.Co-directors Frank and Panama deliver a real gem with this delightful comedy , bringing the story to life with humor , music and song , and creating some truly memorable moments along the way . From the `` Initiation of Knighthood '' sequence , to the famous tongue-twisting `` The vessel with the pestle has the pellet with the poison , the chalice from the palace has the brew that is true '' scene , to Kaye crooning a lullaby to a baby , this film is rich with humor and song that has an innocence and purity about it that makes it readily accessible to any audience . This is humor that runs deep ; humor with a heart and soul you 'll want to embrace . Simply put , this is terrific stuff ; the timing -- especially by Kaye -- is impeccable , the delivery is perfect and the jokes work.The real key to the success of this movie is , of course , the multi-talented Danny Kaye , who sings , dances , jokes and mugs his way through one of his best performances ever . And what makes Kaye so good , and so special , is the `` spirit '' of his performance , the sense of joy he emanates while proffering his talents . He gives so completely of himself , so entirely and so honestly , that he 's just an absolute joy to watch . You 'll never find a false moment in his performance either , and that 's something that is discernible in his eyes ; it 's that twinkle of laughter and love in his eyes that separates and elevates him from so many other performers , in whom you will often find a pretentiousness upon close scrutiny . That 's something you will never find in Danny Kaye , a consummate entertainer who obviously loved what he was doing , and was able to successfully convey it to his audience . He was unquestionably unique ; a true one-of-a-kind . The lovely Glynis Johns brings beauty and vitality to her role of Jean , acquitting herself quite nicely alongside Kaye 's abundant antics . Though not a part that stretched the limits of her considerable talents , she creates a credible character and most importantly , she makes a nice fit with her co-star and lends a beguiling presence to the film . A nice bit of work by Johns , who some eight years later would create one of her most memorable roles , that of Mrs. Banks in `` Mary Poppins . `` Basil Rathbone is a delight , as well , in a role that is essentially a parody of others he 's played , specifically his Sir Guy of Gisbourne in `` The Adventures of Robin Hood , '' opposite Errol Flynn . The success of his Ravenhurst , however , lies in the fact that he plays him straight , without a hint of the humor or parody inherent in the character as presented within the context of this story . It goes without saying that he is perfectly cast here , and his swashbuckling duel with a bewitched Giacomo is a lark.Also turning in a notable performance , in a role that is minor , yet integral to the story , is Angela Lansbury , as the king 's daughter , Princess Gwendolyn . It 's a part that demands little more of her than being beautiful and charming , and she succeeds on both accounts . Her screen time is fairly limited , but it 's enough to leave an impression , and a good one at that.The supporting cast includes Mildred Natwick -LRB- Griselda -RRB- , Robert Middleton -LRB- Sir Griswold -RRB- , Michael Pate -LRB- Sir Locksley -RRB- , Herbert Rudley -LRB- Captain of the Guard -RRB- , Noel Drayton -LRB- Fergus -RRB- , John Carradine -LRB- Giacomo -RRB- , Alan Napier -LRB- Sir Brockhurst -RRB- , Lewis Martin -LRB- Sir Finsdale -RRB- and Patrick Aherne -LRB- Sir Pertwee -RRB- . A fun , feel-good film , `` The Court Jester '' is a virtual showcase for the versatile Danny Kaye , and he responds with an unforgettable performance . This is true comedy at it 's best , and proves overwhelmingly that a movie does n't have to be hip , crude , rude or vulgar to inspire real laughter . Most of the `` comedies '' produced in the past decade or so would n't even make it to the bottom of the chart this one tops . For some real laughs , just call for a Kaye comedy
 Some consider THE COURT JESTER Kaye 's best film ; while this is definitely arguable , it 's a highly entertaining spoof on swashbuckler/Robin Hood type films . The colour is a bit gaudy on VHS but on recent viewing , the DVD transfer is bright and clear . The poison 's in the pellet/vessel/pestle routine is almost exceedingly clever but the songs by Sylvia Fine -LRB- Danny 's wife -RRB- are cleverly engaging . Glynis Johns makes a delicious Maid Jean , and Angela Lansbury is rather cunning and cheekily selfish as Lady Gwendolyn -LRB- I ca n't get over how much more attractive Lansbury become as she matured -RRB- Mildred Natwick does her usual scene stealing and Basil Rathbone excels as menacing Sir Ravenhurst . The movie is abundant with charm and laughter -LRB- Kaye even makes singing a lullaby to the baby King heartfelt and touching . -RRB-
 If one is tired of baudy bathroom humor of the typical comedies one finds today , perhaps `` The Court Jester '' will satisfy your comical thirst . Set in England during the time of chivalry and knighthood this musical comedy stars Danny Kaye as a ne'er do well circus performer who ends up out `` fox `` ing the dastardly villains , getting the girl and saving the real king 's butt -LRB- so to speak -RRB- . Glynis Johns plays Maid Jean whose stunning beauty and big eyes just make you melt -LRB- wow , I wish I 'd been born earlier -RRB- . Basil Rathbone is his typical bad self as the evil Ravenhurst playing it to the hilt ! This film pulls out all the comical stops from tongue twisters to hypnosis , magnetism and even a Zorro sword play spoof with Rathbone ! This is Danny Kaye 's finest and funniest comedy ! A must see movie !
 This is my favorite movie of all time . When I was a kid Danny Kaye movies played every Sunday morning and we would wait the few months until it came around again.I have never stopped laughing at the scenes , the funny interplay between Danny Kaye and the court and his continual buffonery.Even kids will love this movie . It starts with a dance routine which is almost like Robin Hood Men in Tights . That is quaint , yet the next scene will take you in and take you on the funniest rides of all time.Kaye , disquised as an old man who is hard of hearing having a scream fest with the captain of the guard . This few minutes is one of the funniest scenes I have ever witnessed . Then there are just funny scenes that will make you split your sides with laughter from there on out.The wit it took to bring together this cast and the concept of the movie seems that it will never be outdated.What Danny Kaye and the rest do here is ascend age and time making this movie appeal to any age group , young or old . I have seen a young family start off thinking this was a silly movie then , taken by the first comedic interaction , launch into continuous laughter . I laugh getting a kick out of watching everyone else laugh too.This movie is a must for any DVD or VHS library . Share it with your friends , watch it when you are a little too stressed out to do anything else to lighten up your day.The plays on words , the different fast paced situational scenes that will have you thinking ; ` how clever ... , ' even when you think that Hawkins/Giacommo is at his end , then it gets even funnier . The Chalis with the poisly has the pellet with the pesly ... This movie is so fast paced that you can not believe you have sat there and laughed for the better part of 90 minutes . The great thing about the DVD , you do not have to worry about watching this over and over again and wearing it out.This movie has great color and scenery . The imagery is wonderful . You wonder if they really were in a castle.Laugh and love this movie ... I recommend it for school , church and family activities . It is a classic that may become more well known with time .
 The Cout Jester is my favorite movie ever ! I laugh every time i see it , and laugh even more when i try saying the tounge-twisters ! Great Great Great ! funny songs , funny characters , funny everyhing ! Even the coustumes are great ! During this movie , the ` court jester ' becomes a deaf old man , the princess ' lover , a grand swordsman , and knight , and , of course , a court jester ! Watch this movie ... you 'll thank me . And as they say in the movie ... Get it ? Got it . Good .
 How can I express my admiration for this movie ? Of course it 's not vulgar and does n't contain gratuitous ANYTHING except laughs , but what makes it so unique is the pure joy the actors find in their roles . Being an actor myself , I can only dream of finding a part as difficult/rewarding as the Court Jester . . and being half as talented as Danny Kaye ! The production looks beautiful -LRB- check it out on DVD ! -RRB- and it 's that rare movie that everyone can enjoy without feeling like they 're buying into some nostalgic period piece that 's only revered for its age . This is what movies are at their best . It 's so eerie to see Angela Lansbury young ... Basil Rathbone is silkily menacing . Kaye 's mannerisms are all toned down , and only the sublime ones remain . The costumes are lavish and wonderful to look at ; the supporting actors are all memorable . It works on every level . My favorite part is the hilarious song Kaye sings to entertain the court . Check out his grin . 1,000 words can not do justice to this great work , but going out and seeing it will .
 ` The Court Jester ' released in '56 is without a doubt one of the funniest movie ever made starring the consumate comedian of all-time . A wonderful parody on Robin Hood , Danny plays the part of a follower of the Black Fox -LRB- Robin -RRB- who sneaks into the castle impersonating a famous jester and professional hired killer , Giacomo.Playing the role as only Danny Kaye could , the bumbling impersonator weaves his way into the inner recesses of the Kings court and eventually helps to dethrone the imposter King and place the true heir on the throne.Simply one of the true comedy classics of early Hollywood with a cast of characters that includes some of the great names of the Golden Age!Basil Rathbone , Glynnis John , Angela Lansbury , Mildred Natwick , Cecil Parker , John Carradine among others contributed in making this a family favorite for almost fifty years.A movie that deserves an honored spot in everyone 's collection !
 This is brilliant comedy - the best of Danny Kaye.The episodes are reminiscent of the work of Harold Lloyd ; the dialogue exchanges alone are funny -LRB- &#34; Get it ; Got it ; Good &#34; -RRB- They do n't hardly make comedies like this anymore.R E Roberts
 I remember this from my younger days . It was great to discover it again on Amazon Prime . I loved it so much I bought it so I could enjoy it again and again.Danny Kaye 's acting talent really shines through in this movie . There are some hilarious skits and twists of the tongue.I highly recommend this movie .
 While this is an old movie that lacks all the flair and special effects of modern movies , what this movie does have is talent that I believe is mostly lost in the contemporary cinema . This movie was a blockbuster when my mother was in elementary school , and it was well deserved . Most of us younger folk are not fond of musicals , and there are some that have definitely shaped this perspective in me . But the songs in this movie are hilarious , and the dancing is athletic and entertaining . Danny Kaye 's animated acting is superbly comical.This movie is riotously humorous and fun . If there is a less spectacular part of the movie , I 'd have to say the first song and dance -LRB- in the woods -RRB- was less impressive , that is until the punchline . After that , it seemed to be one hoot after another . One scene had tears rolling down my face as no other movie has.The supporting cast was also very good . The story was ridiculous , but it fit the genre -LRB- and it 's not based on a John Grisham book anyway -RRB- . The dialogue was witty . The scenes were well-timed and well-choreographed . All in all , it was one of the best movies I 'd ever seen , and I enthusiatically recommend it to anyone who enjoys great old-fashioned talent and witty dialogue .
 Great movie . Old , but one of my favorites ! ...
 My husband introduced me to this movie and I 've been hooked ever since . My husband is in his fifties and my son is a teenager ; we all love it !
 I love this movie and I was very glad to finally find it somewhere after searching for it for so long .
 This movie is so very funny and so well acted . Danny Kaye is superior ! He is one of the greatest actors of his time and this movie shows his greatest abil ; ity .
 A phenomenally funny movie . I recommend it to anyone who has a sense of humor and a love of wordplay .
 This item I received was exceptional . I knew that what I had ordered as a gift was a used item , but when I opened up the case to inspect the DVD I was caught off guard by how free of scratches the disc was . Even the case that housed the DVD was pristine . The time in which I received the item was wonderful , as it was a Christmas gift . Overall I am highly satisfied .
 I am kicking myself at this point . I 'm thinking I should have ordered the DVD instead . That 's right , I got the ` digital ' copy that you can only play IF you have an internet connection . I am wondering if the DVD has the same audio issues that the streaming video does.I loved and still do , this movie . The classing rhyme about which drink has the poison in makes it so memorable . Danny Kaye is his typical character with some added silliness . Seeing Angela Lansbury as a young woman -LRB- not the old lady from Murder , She Wrote and Mrs. Potts from Beauty and the Beast . -RRB- made my day . Except for the fact that it is difficult to shuttle to specific sections on some players , it was very enjoyable . There does seem to be an issue with the audio levels varying from soft to nearly overwhelming , but thank goodness for a volume control on the TV .
 The portrait of Whistler 's mother does not come up until half of the documentary is complete . I learned that the work is not titled `` Whistler 's Mother '' either . While that painting is staid and sedentary , the painter himself lived a dynamic life . If Hollywood has made bio-pics on Pollack , Kahlo , Van Gogh , and others , they sure do need to make one on Whistler . The painter took criticism poorly , was abusive to people , and had financial ups and downs.Like Gauguin and many others , Whistler embraced Japoniste styles . The work mentions that he visited at least five other nations . Like James Baldwin and Josephine Baker , here is an American who seems to have left the United States behind him . I am so used to art documentaries saying that those whose work was not accepted into the Academic Salons became Impressionists . Maybe that movement was after Whistler 's time , but the work never suggests he ever ventured into that school.The work has a handful of scholars interviewed , an almost equal mix of men and women . There is no unknown actor portraying Whistler in cheesy reenactments here . This work follows the series in showing blurry stock footage of paintbrushes in water and hands handling a color palette.The work never suggests that Whistler got with married women , yet all of his paramours are referred to as `` mistresses . '' Yes , `` girlfriend '' would n't become part of the lingo until the mid-1900s , but it was still weird to hear `` mistress '' in couplings that were not adulterous.Let Whistler be a lesson to all those folks who like to run to court . He sued an art critic who viewed his work poorly . He won less than a penny in the case , but his legal fees bankrupted him . NO !
 I do n't know who created this listing , but I checked the `` official '' Kansas band website and my video has the same vhs cover artwork as shown on the discography page . The title of the video is Live At The Whiskey , and there are no other videos listed.Songs performed by Kansas are as follows
 I 've been an avid Kansas fan since thier first album . I have followed the band 's evolution , both musically and personally through thier line-up changes . I 've seen them live 20 + times and have even promoted two of thier shows in Salina Kansas . This tape is both a testament and a disapppointment . It is a testament to the talents and to the perseverance of the individual members . This also features the `` second best '' line-up the band has ever had . I am ever mystified how the band is able to re-orchastrate thier songs to fit the members at the time . I do n't think in all the shows I 've seen , they 've done the same song the same way twice . Most times for the better . But in this version , some of the intracacies of some titles are missing . I love David Ragsdale 's talented violin , but I also miss the original style of Robbie Steinart . All in all , the music quality and obvious talent soars . Even Steve Walsh 's sometimes tired voice sounds as good as it has in years . They are tight , and this would be a wonderful lesson for young musicians on how to REALLY play your instrument . As for video quality ... . well , do n't get your hopes too high . And some type of `` fuzzy '' effect is used that distracts from the whole experience . My take ? If you have a music library , it is not complete without this addition . It could be better , but it 's still damn good .
 If you are looking for a suger coated , teeny bopper , happily ever after movie , your looking in the wrong place . If you are looking for an uncut , make you think , even scare you a little , make you angry at the way people live their lives movie , KIDS is this and more.The movie is 24 hours of the life of teenagers in NYC . The cinematography is great , and its in a way like a documentry . Like all movies , you get into it , and follow the charecters , and i myself felt sad when Jenny discovers she is sick , all due to the stupidity of one boy , our main charecter , Telly.Words can not describe this movie . It is a must see . Although , this is not rated , i suggest that if people under 17 are to see it , for it to be used as educational purposes only . The movie contains extremely foul language , 3 sex scenes , and drug/alchol use.The movie is trying to get the point across that Teenagers think they are invinciable , and all the stories they hear about AIDS are just stories , and it could `` never happen to them '' , until it does . Carelessness , stupidity , ignorance all contribute to 5 charecters , in this movie becoming infected with the uncurable disease .
 Do not listen to Siskel and Ebert . They give two thumbs up for everything . This movie is entertaining . If you are not used to street life , such as drugs , violence , materialism , and other addictive habits , you will surely find this movie fun to watch as well as learn from it . This will shock some people , mostly parents and teachers.The movie is about one complete day -LRB- 24 hours -RRB- in the life of two boys and two girls . Their interactions with each other leads to a silence catastrophy that only the two girls know about . Telly infected this girl with HIV in the first sexual encounter she had . Her friend , who has had over 6 sex partners , came out negative to STDs . But then , at midnight , Telly 's best friend , being drunk and possibly under the influence of a controlled substance , rapes the girl with HIV , who is past out on downers . This movie is different from others in the fact that it is like a documentary . It has no climax and then a final encounter at the end . This is not another one of those cliche movies that think they portray the life of teens on the streets . This film , behind the acting and the directing , does portray life as it really is . Some people see it more than others . But just because you dont see it it does not mean it isnt there . Another movie I recommend is `` Traffic '' . It can not be compared to `` Kids '' because they are completely different movies . But both films are directed documentarily . Parents should not watch this movie because then they will think that all their son 's / daughter 's friends are like that . And I think the movie will affect their raising their kids . But it tells the truth and may help those who spend most of their time in the streets . On the other hand , it may only give kids more ideas on how to get high and how to steal and not helping at all but making things even worse than they already are . Whatever the case , I stronly recommend this movie .
 As we enter the 4th Decade of HIV/AIDS , our young people are getting infected at alarming rates ! We need to show this to our young people and parents alike . I highly recommend that everyone in America sees this films and works harder and more dilligently on educating our young people on how to protect themselves from HIV/AIDS infection.HI
 This is an amazing movie . However , it overlooks middle-class and upper middle-class kids with the same problems , but it shows reality at its best and worst . It 's a movie I 've seen many times , and will see many more . This is a movie I would recommend a health teacher to show in class . It shows what 's really going on . It exaggerates , and faces reality . It deserves `` four stars . ''
 While most of my friends found the movie offensive , I truely enjoyed it . Yes , the movie is very honest , but true . It runs through a day in the life of some inner city teens . The content is crude but honest . Many of us grew up around such circumstances . Basically you 'll either love it or absolutely hate it , but either way you should watch it . This is what it means to grow up today .
 Great movie to sit and wonder what it would be like to grow up in NYC and be like Casper and Telly . Not for the uptight or conservative . A real look at what can happen if your not careful and the consequences of your actions . I use to have this movie and would watch it all the time until someone stole it . Do n't listen to your parents they wo n't understand it . One of the best movies ever made .
 I first saw this movie on Cinemax late at night . I had no idea what the hell it was going to be about but i figured ... hey what the heck . When it started out , it just looked like some dumb , hella fake movie with no point . But as i kept watching it , I saw how true to life this movie really was . Take it from a teen himself ... this really shocked me . It was very good . I liked it so much , that i bought it . And you do n't see me buying very many movies .
 This movie showed me what I knew and is a good tool to show kids how dangerous of a world it is out there .
 PARENTS KEEP YOUR EYE 'S OPEN !! You may not like the truth , but this is what your son/daughter 's life might be like . Even though it 's tough to soak in , it 's happening , and there 's NO way to avoid it . This movie is has an excellent way of showing all the posibilities . You CA N'T ignore it . Although it may be very graphic , it 's a lesson well tought that all people need to accept into their society and lives , sex ca n't be hidden !!
 this movie is a bad trip . it is very difficult to watch . Nothing is scarier than the truth .
 I was truly shoked when I saw this video . My Mother sat me down to watch this I think every teenager should watch this . .
 When I first saw it in the cinema , I was amazed ! Now that I own it , I really love to watch it . . I always liked teenage movies and this one is by far my favorite . It 's so true , it 's reality . I mean this movie has everything , kids problems , sex , parties , drugs ... . It 's maybe sad to see but this movie reflect , even if it was made in ' 95 , the problems that youth a to go through by finding a job , being confront to drugs and of course safe sex . Some people might find it violent and stupid , but it 's not the message of this movie , watch it two or three times and you 'll see what I mean . If you guys liked this movie , just take a look at the french movie `` La Haine '' by Mathieu Kasovitch ! I think it 's a kind of therapy to those that think `` we live in a beautiful world '' ...
 Prompt and perfect ... even if it reminds us that New York kids are `` rough `` I 'm Emo from the Bronx
 I 'm 21 now , but when I first saw `` Kids '' I must have been about fifteen or sixteen . I 've always enjoyed it
 I read the review of this film the sophmore year of high school and put it in the back of mind until i saw it a year later . This film is very realistic givin the time period . I know becuase when i was in high school -LRB- Rancocas Valley -RRB- I knew people who acted like this . Since then whatching the movie brings me back to my high school days . I recently took it overseas with me during enduring freedom , and the people i was stationed with were glued to there screens . It is very realistic and and very worth watching .
 Ever wanted to see a teeneagers life in a nutshell ? well here it is . laid out as raw and truthful as anyone could ever ask for . sex , drugs , jokes , money , friends , fun , stress , fright ... all of it . not that every child will experience every aspect of this flick but they will experience it around them at least . A teenager 's life in a nutshell ... a must see for all teenagers . and dont let the generalizations get to you . this movie applies to teens every where , not just in new york .
 I 'm going to keep this short because I could talk about KIDS all day . All those who hate on this movie -LRB- lots of people do -RRB- need to wake up and see this movie for what it is . The characters , music and visual experience takes you back to a mad hot day around the city in ' 94 . Sure there was a scipt , sure its a movie , but to people like me who grew up connected with the local scene depicted it can mean so much more . Justin Pierce may be gone - this movie will live on forever .
 as you would have remembered the Stanley Kubrik movie ' A Clockwork Orange ' this film is like screen burn on your monitor it will leave it 's mark.The movie is compressed into a 24 hour period of time and the main characters ; Telly , the aids infected looser whose total aim in life is deflowering as many virgins as he can , and , Jennie , one of his conquests that just found out she 's postive and has only slept with Telly.Unfortunately , as much as the viewer would like to deny it , the movie is a very true to life ` hardcore ' look at a much too large segment of our disaffected urban teens of today . One does not have to go too far to remember the NY Latin day festival in 2000 when raging bands of teenage youths attacked young women on the street scandalously right in front of the cops . -LRB- ... -RRB- On a tchnical note , do n't expect your wide screen TV to shine since the video resolution that this movie was shot in does not really allow for more than the letterbox version on the DVD . The sound is pretty boring too and comes across as a two channel mono , and , the director sure saved money on the soundtrack too since there is none ...
 When i saw this movie , it was really weird ` cos most of that stuff is the stuff me and my friends get up2 when we all together ... the last generation should watch this movie to see what it is really like for teens these days
 Saw the review on Siskel & Ebert back in 1995 , so I decided to view it . It is shocking ! It 's also a wake up call to all parents ! Parental irresponsibility was the basis in the storyline . A move Director Larry Clark did on purpose to prove his point to the audience about what 's happening right now to our kids ! Alcohol , Drugs , Sex , HIV are all risky behaviors that is present in this film and no one has the common sense to say , `` Hey ! This is wrong ! '' It 's a gutsy move by Clark that blends into a powerful film . One that will leave an impression on you long after the last frame is over ... and gives the viewer a call to action !
 Exellent movie , one of the best documentary type film i have seen . Its a popular among the younger generation but is a sutable film for all ages and is very very serious with a hint of comedy ... one of my favorite movies by far !
 Larry Clark 's KIDS is a film that many people will not like do to the exsplist scenes in the film and I am shere there are many other reason people will not like this film . But I like it its so true and honest there are times you will want to turn away from the film but you just ca n't thats what gives the film a surrel feel . But this is a film I think aduls should see it will surprise them.Warning
 I think this film is sad but true it reads more like a documentary than a ficticious film.It does n't really have a plot but tries to take you into the minds of these kids . If anyone who is reading this liked the movie or was interested then you must rent or buy the documentary street wise.And you 'll freaking have to believe it because its a documentary.Besides this is New York .
 I AM AN 18 YEAR OLD MALE AN I REMEBER WHEN I WAS LIKE 14 OR SOME WHERE AROUND THAT AGE I KNEW I HAD TO SEE THIS FILM AN I EVEN TOOK MY BEST FRIEND WITH ME TO GO SEE IT , ALONG WITH MY FATHER . BUT THE MOVIE PLACE WOLD NOT LET US BUY TICKETS TO SEE IT BECUZ OF THE NC-17 RATING . ANDI STILL DONT KNOW WHY BECUZ I STILL SAW THE MOVIE WHEN IT CAME OUT AT THE VIDEO STORE AND SINCE THEN I 'VE SEEN IT I THINK IT 'S BEST FOR YOUNG PPL TO SEE THIS WITH THEIR PARENTS AT A EARLY AGE . BECUZ FROM EXPERENCE ALOT OF KIDS DO LIVE THIS WAY . . ALOT OF MY FRIENDS ACT SOME WHAT THIS WAY . THEY CUSS ALWAYS THEY FIGHT , THEY HAVE SEX THEY PARTY . BUT DONT GE ME WRONG WE HAVE MORALS AND RESPECT BUT THIS IS HOW IT IS REALLY . I KNOW FORA FACT THAT ALOT OF KIDS DONT ACT LIKE THIS BUT SOME DO . FOR EXAMPLE I 'VE SHOWED THIS TO FAMILY MEMBERS AROUND MY AGE OR SOME WHAT OLDER AN THEY WACTHED IN AWE AND SOME SAID IT WAS A BAD MOVIE FORTHE THINGS THAT ARE DONE IN THIS FILM AN SOME SAID IT WAS A IMPORTANT FILM NOW THESE WERE PEOPLE MY AGE . YET WHEN I SHOWED IT TO MOST OF MY FRIENDS AROUND MY AGE IT WAS AS IF WE WERE WACTHING A FOOTBALL GAME OR SOME THING . THEY WERE SHOUTING AN LAUGHING AS IF THIS MOVIE MADE THEM HAPPY AND THE LAUGHED AND SMILED WHEN ALL THESE BAD ACTS WERE SHOWN . ME TO BE HONEST I FEEL LIKE SOME WHERE IN THE MIDDLE I HAVE MIXED FEELINGS . I DO THINK THIS IS AN IMPORTANT FILM YET I KNOW WHAT THESE CHARCTHERS AE LIKE SO I KINDA FEEL WHERE THEY ARE COMING FROM . I JUST THINK PARENTS SHOULD SHOW THEIR YOUNG KIDS THIS AN TALK TO THEM ABOUT IT . BECUZ IN THIS DAY IN AGE KIDS GROW UP FASTER AN ALREADY KNOW ABOUT LOT OF THIS STUFF BY THE AGE OF 10 I THINK . JUST BE CAREFUL OUT THERE . THE ONLY THING I DONT GET IS ONE OR TWO REVIEWERS SAID CASPER LIKED HAVING SEX WITH MEN AND EVEN IN THE QUTES IT SAYS HE SAYS THAT . BUT I 'VE SEEN THIS FILM COUNTLESS TIMES YET I HAVE NEVER HEARD HIM SAY SUCH . CAN SOMEONE TELL ME WHERE AND WHEN THIS IS SAID ?
 Not a five star film for me , but two things are wonderful . Chloe Sevigny the out-of-place honky girl is the center of gravity in this film - the kid with a purpose - as grim as it is -LRB- to warn her friends the BMOC has HIV -RRB- . I am happy this film started her career.Sevigny in fact is a serious film buff . It 's great that she 's also a player ! The other thing I noted in this Harmony Korine screenplay & films made after he became a director : incredible living-in-the-moment scenes.In Kids , they 're horsing around the pool.Gummo , they 're wrestling in the kitchen
 First of all , i like to state that Larry clark 's `` kids '' is more like vision of how real kids act who barely enter 10th grade act nowdays and when i seen it ? I was suprised that it was made few years ago because it seems like it was made just today because thats how kids realy act ... Specialy the white boys who act black its so true and so real i relay ddi like it for that part . . Watch it ! It 's f*cking sick ...
 This movie/film is basically talking about the life style of ` that ' group of tennager or kids in their everyday life . There are certain things that is mentioned in this movie/film which I will nver say is never out of the course but this will give people a more clearer picture of how the ` that ' live their tennage/kids life when the country uses the ` open ' method to run . What I could speak out is that most of the erotic portion of the movie were mostlly using their pictures which I think South-East Asian ` that ' have yet to start with this . This is what I feel that western ` that ' advanced first . This is still a good piece of film , whatever it is . This recommendation is for those whom are interested in this Genre of movie/film . N/B
 THIS MOVIE MAKES YOU THINK ABOUT YOUR LIFE AND HEALTH.I RECOMMEND THIS MOVIE TO YOUNGER KIDS , AS YOUNG AS 15 . THIS MOVIE WAS RIGHT ABOUT ONE THING NEW YORK CITY IS A NASTY PLACE TO LIVE AND VISIT.I RECOMMEND YOU TO NEVER GO TO NEW YORK .
 Yooo this movie was off the chains . One of the best films i have seen in my life time . Writing from a suburban 15 year old 's point of view i could relate to some of the ideas in this movie . It really shocked me to see how out of control these kids could get but it was still very believable . I loved this movie , I think it captures the scariness of what teenagers r up to now a days and its important to see what can happen when ur not careful -- > the spread of AIDS . Peace da f out !!
 Ignore the reviewer who called this `` unrealistic '' , she 's obviously led a sheltered life and the fact that she suggests all teen conflict come from racial tension leads me to conclude that we at least know someone is n't color blind . In closing , see the film for yourself . It is about street kids in NY written by one who lived the life in NY and does not apply to all parts of the country . Take it for what it is ... REAL .
 After reading the reviews of many on kids , ... I dont find anything in the movie to be a surprise . Raves , extacy , sex , drugs and drinking stretch further than the `` non-parent '' city youths shown in the movie . Its everywhere . Anyone who thinks this movie is `` shocking '' or not right in any way needs to get out of thier bubble and look around . Kids smoke weed , drink , do drugs , smoke blunts , eat extacy and have sex . Its just taboo in some areas . But , to most teenagers thats just reality .
 Wake up people ! This is what teenage life is all about , I should know ... I am one . Me and my friends get drunk at party , do drugs and have sex ... So what , so do 25 year olds . This movie is art man , and especially due to the fact that the pro skater Rune Gilfburg is featured . For all the worried parents out there , Take a hard look at your kids ... Coz this is what they probaly do .
 When I first saw this film I cringed and squirmed in my seat , totally stunned at what our kids have become in our society . It 's like a gifted filmmaker took a camera out on the streets and just let it roll , capturing every facet of teenagers gone wild and off the deep end of delinquency . Nothing is masked by censorship , but is here in its entirety with every brutal and horrific image ever imagined played out here mercilessly . The story focuses on Telly , who has this overwhelmingingly insatiable hunger for making girls lose their virginity . But he may have gone too far . One girl , Jennie , who had a wild time with him , has been infected with the AIDS virus and must scour the city of New York to find Telly and warn him of the pending danger that will one day claim him as well . But her search is in vain , mixed with the horror of the inevitable that she will die at an early age thanks to him . Telly is off with his buddies living it up , and the night Jennie finds him , she makes the horrific discovery that she may be too late . This film is definitely not for the faint hearted or the saints . On a level or morale it looks nasty and hideous to the art of filmmaking , but when looked at from the perspective of movies as an art form , it is a genuine masterpiece of seizing real images in life on film and playing it out before the eyes of those who refuse to admit that the youth of our country is going in the wrong direction in life . This film is daring in every way possible , from the language teenagers use to their vile ideas of how to have fun in life . Shocking images abound , from its grueling opening scene to its final shot that leaves the viewer awed , stunned , and wordless . Watch it if you can stand it , but be very brave for the images that will flash across that screen .
 As I said above , if you do n't see the brilliance of this film , you 're crazy . This film is NOT at all influencing teens to act the way the teens in the movie did . This movie is a wake up call to parents . The last line in the movie is a teen saying `` What the hell happened ? '' Think about that as you watch this movie , I guarantee that you 'll love it .
 This movie is probably one of the best movie I have ever seen . This will definetly keep you wanting more and more suprising you along the way . If your scared to see the truth of what is happening in the youth of America in the 90 's , this movie wont apeal to your , nor wish you had watched it .
 I am in training to become a sexual assult counselor and as part of our training , we watched this movie . I was horrified and sickened by what I saw ... but I was glad that there was a movie about it , to show people that this really does happen and that it 's more common than we may think . Telly and his friends brag about raping girls - handicapped girls , young girls ... it 's rather upsetting . The rape of Jenny was upsetting to me because of how you get to see exactly what it is a date rape drug does . She said `` No '' and she knew what was happening , but she could n't move or make Casper stop.I recommend this movie to anyone who is need of a reality check - of what can happen to our children if we are not doing our jobs as parents .
 This is a must see if you want to understand the generation that came to age in the 90s . Two of the main actors are dead now from suicide and overdose , but their performances in this movie will be watched decades from now . This movie is as real as it gets .
 The movie `` Kids '' exposed me to the wonder and the horror of my own humanity . The youth captured in the film were foul , offensive , jaded , destructive , and all too much like me underneath it all . While their outward practices , language , and behavior I must admit are mostly foreign to me today , there is something within their culture that is more like me than I care to admit.While watching this film , I felt that in many moments these ` kids ' were having a better time than I was . How can I compare sitting in classroom full of strangers , to skinny dipping with a bunch of good friends ? These youth have a camaraderie together that is rare in my world . They literally fight for one another without question or judgment.Although many of their actions are unhealthy , I can feel they are reacting to the same human longings for acceptance , community , authenticity , and love that I desire myself . These ` kids ' just happen to act on their overly sexualized and abusive compulsions ; blatantly saying and doing the same things that I think about , but hide from everyone else . Beneath it all , they are not just an embarrassing cross-section of our society , they are human beings . They are not stupid . They are spirits like me who are trying to get by with the best options that we are aware of.I have hopes of planting a missional church that proclaims Jesus in every relevant way possible . As it stands today , I am completely irrelevant to these ` kids ' . If I was them , I would not want to be friends with someone like myself . I am so far removed from their world there is no way that I could ever get ` in ' with my natural presumptions and civilized front . Reflecting on this film has helped change my view of them . However it is only the beginning , and not enough , because I still see these at risk youth as ` them ' . My ministry must move beyond simply awareness of ` them ' . I can not see transformation happening without real , intentional , friendship involved . My faith community must know them as fellow human beings on the journey through life . Their rampant sexual behavior must be gently won over with persistent and extraordinary love . Their violence must be overcome with a people with an even more violent desire ; a community that would rightly fight on behalf of them for their futures.The film was a snippet of what God sees every day , both on our streets and in our hearts . If these children are merely a reflection of my own humanity and God still chooses to give hope and a future to me , then I must choose to give hope and a future to these children .
 I watched the movie kids when it came out and I found it extremely educational . This movie should be used in Sexual Education at school . The movie seemed like it was a documentary . It was so real . The actors and actresses played their characters so well . This type of movie needs to be shown with adult supervision and discussed afterwards . It is reality . This movie is like a scared straight tactic . I am a mother of three with my oldest being 15 and I am going to watch this with him and we are going to discuss it . It is very graphic and the point is it is REALITY !!! This kind of thing is happening so we need to talk to our children about it instead of acting like it does n't exist . Telly is the main character who is carrying the AIDS virus and he does n't know it . He only likes to have sex with virgins and he is spreading the disease rather quickly . One of his victims finds out she has the virus and goes out on a hunt for Telly to tell him . While on her journey she encounters a whole heap of other problems . There is partying , sex , and drugs in this movie and that is what is happening in the REAL world . That is why this is a must be movie in my opinion . Education is the key . It 's about how much you know .
 This movie is more than just a `` Be Protected '' sex-ed movie . It is a brilliantly filmed , excellently acted , synopsys of street life in the 90 's . - It is a study of culture.The 60 's brought the freedom to be sexual , do drugs , and escape from the cages society had put young people in . Kids shows a world where kids are following the same rules as the 60 's , but something is different . Now they are prisoners of their sexuality , and abusers of their drugs . It 's like stepping outside of a prison cell to freedom , only to find that when you close the door behind you , you 're just in another cell.What do we do about this oppressive have-sex-as-soon-as - possible-and-abuse-drugs-irresponsibly culture ? I do n't know , and I do n't think the director knows either . But these kids are the symptom , and the victim , of it.Don ' t blame them .
 people givin this movie a bad rating probably live in the suburbs an this jus flat out scares them an then they go an say stuff like this dont go down , it makes me mad . . i live in philly an i know kids that are worse then telly an casper this movie wasnt shocking to me at all because i see this everyday . . so before you give this movie a bad rating jus think there are kids actually livin that lifeone
 The movie kids is a cruel look into reality . Parents may not want to admit it but this is what is really going on in the real world . The film portrays the lives of NYC teens who do what they want . They have sex , do drugs , go to parties and get into a lot of trouble . It shows the world how easy it is to spread an STD or even worse as in the movie AIDS . It just takes one time and this can be seen in the movie . I think every teen should see it and their parents it will help the teens to realize that it only takes one time and it will help the parents to face reality and to try to help their kids . If it were not so apulsive to many this would make an excellent health video . Teens would also find this amusing .
 I am very happy with this purchase . I would gladly buy this movie again or recomment it to my friends .
 I love this movie so instead of ordering the new one I ordered from here I was reluctant but it arrive well within the time window and there were some scratches and the case was kinda of beaten up but that was said to be the case on this one so that was no surprise but I 'm glad to say it plays with no problems ! Would deff . order again from here !
 The movie was raw and gripping . A true saga which compels the young adult to stop and give pause before participating in risky behavior . I beileve that it should be viewed by teens and pre-teens as young as , and including age 10 . Our society has regressed to a point where shocking intervention may be the only way to keep our babies from making the mistakes of a lifetime . Take your kids by the hand , pop some popcorn , sit and watch it together . Truly worth your time .
 Its would be hard to add anything to what 's already been posted . There is one observation I 'd like to share.I live in New York City , and frequent many of the neighborhoods where `` Kids '' was filmed . While walking through one of those areas about a year ago , I saw one of the actors from the film . His appearance was unmistakable.Keeping in mind that this movie was made in 1995 , what do you suppose this guy was doing ? Hanging out on the streets , getting high and drinking with other kids . 13 or so years later , and this is still how he lives his life . `` Kids '' is n't a drama ; it 's a documentary .
 I think of this movie of a education video to teenage girls , for it teaches them safe sex and how to spot horny teen boys , that all they are looking for is sex , I shown this to my 4 teenage cousins and they now have a brighter side of life . I would hope even they show it in schoolfor sex ed , this movie is a great one and the best of the least , and it would never get old .
 A must see movie for teens . Kids is a story that happens everyday in this country . It 's a movie that I would sit my younger brothers and sisters down and make them watch . There 's not a lot of action or anything . Just raw footage of how out of control life is for teenagers . It 's also a film that parents who have teens or preteens may want to watch so they know what they need to talk to them about . Suttle but Powerful in content . Use descretion however , this movie has a lot of sex and profanity . But has a priceless message .
 When i first heard about this film it was only after i had watched Larry Clark 's `` Bully '' which by the way is a great movie as well . the thing that makes Kids such a great movie is that there are no special effects . its just a real story about kids living in New York . Its so sad and deppressing that you dont want to watch but you do watch because you cant get enough . its raw and rough and leaves no rock unturned graphic wise , if you have not seen this film please do . its a film worth remembering . and if you like and other films by Larry Clark then you will love this film as well .
 I have to rent this movie , because I only saw about a half hour or so of the ending , and from what I saw it was pretty disturbing . What really makes it disturbing is that these things actually happen ... more often than most of us can see . We may not see these things on the outside , but you 've heard of some suburban areas with outbreaks of syphilis and whatnot and you think about drug usage among teens and all of the above . The HIV/AIDs is what really had me horrified in this film . In fact this movie horrifies me more than most slasher films . I think people of every age need to see this -LRB- obviously except people under the age of about 16 or so -RRB- . This can really be used as a scare tactic and make a lot of people open their eyes and evaluate their lifestyles . I really do recommend , regardless of those who do n't have the stomachs for disturbing scenes .
 As someone the same age as the main characters , I recognize that this , first off , is a realistic movie . There 's a caveat - I 've never known anyone personally who has drudged through their life with the recklessness portrayed in KIDS . But contrary to the claims of many positive reviews , I do n't see this as a cautionary tale for parents . KIDS seems a graphic presentation of hopelessness , a directionless agitation that 's perhaps more prevalent in inner-city teens than in other kids . But no teenager is a stranger to the sense of emptiness and desolation that KIDS details , if theatrically . The kids you know probably do n't behave like Telly . But whatever void Telly can only fill by deflowering prepubescent girls sucks away at all of us.As for the graphic sex and accusations of child pornography-one reviewer claims the entire movie `` could easily pass for a kiddie porn film '' - I think the hideous images are at once the most successful and the most sickening aspect of the movie . Sex to these kids is hardly the artistically shot , passionate whirlwind we 're used to watching in films . It 's quick , animalistic and , most importantly , dull . Watching the sex scenes hollowed me out ; Clark manages to make us feel the same desolation that drives his characters to sex and drugs . If this is a movie for parents , its message is n't
 this is one of the best moviesive ever seen , its about a group of skaters that have nothing better to do then hang out in the city and party , Tele the main character has aids and spreads it to any virgin girl that will let him convince he is the right guy for her
 This movie really did change me , i was forced to look at my life and reallize i need to change . Its defintly worth the 9 bucks . I have seen KIDS many many times , and eatch time i am amazed .
 I really liked this show . It was the best show i had ever seen
 Larry Clark , you are a f#$@!$g legend !!! I watched this movie and thought i had just seen the real 24 hours of a teenager who is faced with many dificulties and is placed in many hard situations . This movie is not exploitation , it is meerly displaying youth culture as is . PERIOD !!! Read no more reviews , waste no more time , just click those buttons and order this fantastic movie - you wo n't regret it !!!
 This movie really makes us kids think before we go out and do REAL stupid things . It makes the un-real , real . Rent it !! its awesome !
 I think this is a movie because it really shows what its like to be a teen these days . it also shows how careless some of us are as well but it teaches a good lesson too . but i like the movie anyways because its so real like all they did was film some teens from an inner city and put a movie title on it . i also think adults should watch this movie to see what the pressures for some of us teens are today.but it should n't give them the idea that all teens are stupid-drunk-sex-crazed-addictive-idiots .
 I 've seen movies that tried to immitate teens in their everyday lives . This movie blew my mind . This was the closest I could get to a documentary without actually getting there . I could n't believe that the kids were really just actors . The dialogue is what really impressed me ; it was so much like how I talk with my friends .
 This is by far the best movie that I have ever seen . I took this movie to school and my teachers and class loved it .
 If anything , this film tells it like it is . Larry Clark 's depiction of adolescent angst is one of the most bleak and realistic of its type . The acting is superb , the camera work magnificent and the content ... Well , disturbing is the understatement . The final shots are perhaps the eeriest ever in the history of cinema . See it - or at least try to !
 this movie wuz da bomb and i ordered it from amazon and i wuz wondering if i ordered the vhs tape please tell me
 My pets behave better than this . And yet , this is what kids are doing . This is not an exaggeration or a class statement ; these are real kids in real neighborhoods strolling the streets with no moral direction.It really was almost like watching a documentary on a primate species , how the males and females gather in separate groups to chirp and chatter at each other until it 's mating season . Then they all get together in a big pile and have at it with whoever is handiest.The plot ? A day in the life of aimless kids
 To all of the moms who are upset because they got tricked into buying this for their teens
 First off , `` Kids '' is a phenomenal movie in absolutely every respect . Harmony Korine 's script is amazing -LRB- I can already tell I am going to run out of superlatives . -RRB- It blows me away that someone so young could write something so self-assured , so masterful . The performances are impossibly real . Add to this Clark 's voyeuristic , documentary style and the result is some of the most uncompromising naturalism in cinematic history.Kids is the kind of movie that makes mainstream filmmakers blanch . It is also the kind of movie that makes mainstream film goers confused and angry . Naturalism has never been a particularly popular style of theatre . If a viewer does n't have an appreciation for the style , he/she may think the film lacking . Naturalism depicts life objectively , imposing no value judgements . The question of value is left up to the observer , the viewer . It does not shy away from ugliness or uncomfortable situations . Naturalism is often seen as nihilistic , but that is the challenge that is presents . Being truer to life than other dramatic forms , it 's meaning is more obscured.Many have interpreted `` Kids '' to be a `` wake up call '' concerning the growing menace AIDS poses to young people -LRB- I think it was even printed on the box cover . -RRB- That is one interpretation . I see a much more sinister theme at the heart of `` Kids . '' For me , AIDS just served as a metaphor for a diseased culture . These kids are sick mentally and emotionally . To me , these hopeless characters represent an entire generation of lost youth . Their general apathy and animalistic hedonism is a perfectly understandable response to the empty , violent , plastic , consumer/commercial culture that raised them . Yes , they are contracting AIDS ; but what about those that escape it ? What are they going to do with their lives ? Of course , this is just my interpretation . The film itself remains objective and impartial . In fact , I think Korine would disagree with me and that is why I love this movie so much.Watch this if you like powerful , unflinching films that challenge assumptions and make lasting impressions .
 Yes , some teens live like this and if I filmed my late teens / early twenties , it would look very much like the movie `` Kids '' . This is an ugly , brutal , funny and important look into adolescent existance . Highly recommended.I was one of the lucky ones . While I watched the rest of my friends become drug addicts , contract HIV and slip into depression , I was able to emerge from that lifestyle relatively healthy . That destructive , hedonistic existance was my coming of age and I 'm happy that I survived it and have continued in life to be successful -- not part of the forgotten urban underclass which most of the charachters in `` Kids '' are destined for.Hopefully , this film will serve to educate parents and young people that a dark side of reality is right underneath the surface -LRB- through the tunnel ? over the bridge ? -RRB- The lives of most teenagers is not accurately depicted in the depravity of `` Kids '' -- but the lives of most teenagers is also not accurately depicted in the idyllic fantasies of Dawson 's Creek . Hopefully people will see a middle ground and use the ideas presented in `` Kids '' to put their lives in context.As far as the technical aspects of the film -- try not to confuse free-form improvisation and uncomfortable situations with bad acting - the acting is incredible . Try not to confuse documentary style filmmaking with bad cinemetography . The images are beautiful.All told , this is one of the best movies I 've ever seen .
 I am 17 years old , but was 15 when I saw the film `` Kids '' . At that time I had to take the required high school health class . I nearly told my teacher about this movie , but I decided against it . I 'm not sure how adults would handle seeing this movie . Come to think of it , I 'm not even sure I know how I handled it . It really made me take a hard look at the attitude of people my age . What shocked me more then some of the despicable things the characters did , was their overall sense of misdirection and ennui.My generation is bored , rich , and unsupervised . These are the facts , not merely my opinion . Oddly enough , I felt the most disturbing part of the movie was the ONLY one with a parent in it . -LRB- Telly 's mother . -RRB- She had absolutely no consern about what her 17 year old son was doing , yet she brought another child into the world.Despite what other reviewers say this film is real , and it 's happening in subburbs just like the one I live in . See the movie , it scared the living snot out of me .
 First time viewing this film and it brought back some memory 's of my adolescent years during that time frame . I was around the same age as them -LRB- between 15 and 16 years old -RRB- living in NYC . Despite the cast having no previous acting experience , the performances are all wonderful , especially Justin Pierce 's -LRB- as Casper -RRB- . The realistic story line , the classic dialogue , and the horrific finale are the film 's best features . There is n't a whole lot to the story , other than it chronicles an eventful day in the life of Telly -LRB- Leo Fitzpatrick -RRB- , his friend Casper -LRB- Justin Pierce -RRB- and their inner-circle of similar-minded , sex/drug-crazed associates . Telly has made it a duty to `` deflower '' as many girls as possible and later brag to his friends about his latest conquest ; but by day 's end , guaranteed , he would 've done it again -LRB- a record for him to do two girls in one day -RRB- . The main conflict of the story surfaces about 30 minutes in , when Jennie -LRB- Chloe Sevigny -RRB- discovers that she had contracted HIV from Telly during their first sexual encounter and it becomes her mission to track him down before another young girl shares her fate.These are the kids of yesteryear , the forgotten generation ; these kids are America 's worst nightmare because they are young , dumb and just do not care ; the fact that they do not care makes them especially dangerous . The imagery is extreme and frightening . If there ever was an honest thing these kids ever did , it would have to be willfully giving change to the less fortunate -LRB- a man with no legs who rides a skateboard on the subway -RRB- . We also get images of younger children , swearing , drinking , smoking , talking like adults ; trying to fit in with their peers who are not much older than they are . I was actually quite frightened by some baby pictures of our main character and then I see what 's on screen.Leo Fitzpatrick puts a face on a sleeping monster in America
 I am a teenager and i saw this movie for the first time a couple months ago . By the way , everyone i watched it with , myself included , was stoned at the time . When the movie first started , i did n't know what the hell i was looking at . There were just these two kids who looked like they were 12 or 13 years old making out on the screen with no music or anything in the backround and film quality that looked like something out of a low-budget documentary . The realness of how they portay KIDS in this movie is frightningly accurate , and if you say otherwise you are either an ignorant adult or a kid who has never been to a party in the last 10 years . It made me think about how me and my friends used to be back in middle school . Smoking weed , chasing girls , with no parental concern or supervision . Althouth my experiences were not as insane as those portrayed in the movie , people need to realize that there are many whose are . I luckily got through that stage of my life without anything really bad happening to me , but there were others that were not as fortunate . There have been many of my peers that have either died in drunk driving accidents or commited suicide and it just deeply concerns me to think that people can see a movie like this and then say that it is `` pointless . '' These people need to pull their heads out of their a ** es and get a clue . I think that every parent in the united states should be required to watch this movie . You know those so called `` slice of life '' hollywood movies ? Well this is the closest thing to an actual one of those that i have ever seen . UNDERSTAND ?
 A very depressing film that made me look inside myself to find out what KIDS of taday have done to themselves . This film is somewhat exaggerated do to the fact that a point was trying to be made but 98 % of the time this film was extremely accurate . I see bits of these people everywhere I look . I believe the film was letting the viewer know just how misguided and unstructured Teenagers of today are . I also think that the director was pointing out that love has been taken away from our society . Now we turn on the TV and everything is right there for us , people of today are truly lacking love -LRB- generalization -RRB- . Not for the closed of mind but for people who are ready to find out the dangers of our lost youth .
 Well , what more is there left to say after so many briliant reviews but that this is not a fictious film-it 's the blunt truth ! I have been living in Brooklyn for 3 years now -LRB- I grew up in `` rather safe '' Germany -RRB- and came across those kind of teenagers more than once.On a trip to NY in '96 I met one kid -LRB- and his boys -RRB- who was the typical `` Telly '' boy-maybe even worse what drugs concern-but the same `` no-future '' attitude and always present violence.Needless to say we lost contact-after he got locked up for pushing E!This movie is not saying ALL kids are like that-but they exist !
 Kids is an extremely fascinating story of a day in the life of two teenagers -LRB- Telly and Casper -RRB- in New York city . Their ordinary day is one that includes drinking , drugs , parties , shoplifting , fighting , and sex . The two best friends make their way around the city going from one place to the next finding more trouble to get into without even knowing that one of them -LRB- Telly -RRB- has AIDS . When a girl who he had sex with a year earlier was tested for STDs , she found out that she and Telly both were infected . She races around the city in search of Telly to find him before he continues his hobby of devirginizing girls throughout the rest of movie .
 Clark created something here that not only shows the true art of film making , but the reality in which I live . I know parents have one hell of a time trying to understand their teenage children , and I think that if they saw this movie , they might be able to help them . The cinematography is excellent in this raw and unbaised exposition . I ca n't forget to mention the incredible realism of the actors . They truely give the film a sense of live action . I ca n't think of a better movie to show my son or daughter when they 're thirteen . I recommend Over The Edge if you enjoyed this movie as much as I did . I own a copy of both of these movies and they are the most prized movies in my entire collection .
 i think that this movie will teach many young teenagers the value of protected sex , the use of violence and the consequences of the use of drugs . My sister has a 14yr . old daughter and a 17 yr.old son she saw the movie and imediatly sat them down to watch it . The children understood the dangers of everything a lot more by seeing it on t.v than they did when they were talked to . So to all of the parents out there this is an excellent way to teach your children about what pressures there are for a teenager in an everyday basis .
 THIS MOVIE DEPICTS THE REALISM OF THE LIFE OF MY P.O.V. DRUGS AND SEX ARE REAL LIFE AND THIS MOVIE SHOWED US ALL THE TRUTH . A GREAT MOVIE .
 I thought it was a really good movie . It really took a realistic look to alot of things that are happening today . Yea , not all kids are like that , but some are , and it 's a real eye opener to people that look at that kind of life style from a distance , and think it 's cool . I think the movie was very well done , and that it was abit harsh , but it was needed . I think it 's a good movie for mature teens to see , because it puts a damper look on drugs and sex , and shows a not so romantic side to that kind of life . It 's a good movie to watch with your kids if you can be open to talk about it , and not be embarrased . I saw the movie on my own with a bunch of friends when i was about 13 , and it really affected my life , in a good way . It made me realize afew things , and think about the decisions in my life more carefully .
 First of all , I live in a town just outside of Nashville , TN . Even here there are incidents like the ones portrayed in the movie . It happens everywhere . Not just in New York . I 'm 21 now and just coming out of stuff like that . When I was 18 and 19 I was clicked up with people similar to Telly and Casper . While I admit that the film is harsh and not all teens are like that -LRB- take note parents -RRB- , this was nonetheless a very true to life depiction of 90 's youth -LRB- Alot more true to life than Juice , which some viewers suggested -RRB- . I recommend at least watching this movie one time .
 why should anyone say that this movie is n't realistic ? maybe it 's ment to be a warning , maybe not , but it 's absolutely real . i 've seen this life . i can still see it . actually this is not a movie , it 's a documentary . maybe it 's not a masterpiece technically , but it does n't have to be . the truth is actually even more impressively shown this way . anyone denying that the events in this movie could happen , does n't know ... and i think this movie is a great , harmless way for him/her to see this different world they 're not familiar with .
 This is quite possibly the most disturbing movie I 've ever seen . Not because of graphic scenes or violence , but because it hit SO close to home . This IS my life . While watching , I thought it was made within the last year or two rather than 1995 . After watching , I began crying because this is what I experienced growing up . Everyone should watch it , but beware .
 This movie was n't to bad it actually had a pretty good story line . It 's a little scary because this is reality of what some teenagers face today . I was n't disappointed with this at all .
 I first heard about the movie `` KIDS '' from the Logo Channel in kck and wanted to see it so i could see just how others viewed teens and the ever so frightening subject of teen sexuality and the scare of contracting some sexually transmitted diseases . It was very interesting to see how they actually picked up on how the young kids of today really act in big cities , and most likely in small towns also . Makes one want to be able to keep a watchful eye on their children alot more . I thought it was a good movie and very informative to parents .
 I remember when this came out , and I was just a few years older than the kids portrayed in this film , and I thought this was just crazy , nobody I knew ever did this junk . But , older and wiser looking back , and looking at kids these days , I am guessing that this kind of stuff does take place , I just am sheltered . This movie has the HIV scare tied into it , teen sex , and rampent drug use , stuff people , myself included , do n't often associate with young to mid teen-agers . But , bad habits start somewhere , and this film portrays it well . As I now now , this behavior is more common than I ever could have immagined . Just speaks volumes about maintaining a good relationship and communication with your children , and maintaining a solid household . Check it out , still eye opening to this day .
 this what happens when kids have no parents to raise them . all parents should see this if they have the guts
 I remember when this movie first came out . It was perfect . Finally a movie is made that shows how the kids in the city or should I say the `` hood '' live vs. the goodie two shoe surburbia movies . There needs to be a little bit of every environment shown.A classic because times have changed , and so have the styles , but the same issues apply today . Sex , Drugs and Aids . It 's not a joke .
 One day in the life of a bunch of multi-racial east coast kids . Never has the culture of diversity been made to look so threatening to middle America ; never has `` today 's youth '' seemed more lost . The barely teens in this movie steal , fight , do drugs , talk vulgar trash , vandalize , and in the case of one of them , a true moron who works an improbable Casanova charm on barely pubescent girls in order to bed as many virgins as he can , unknowingly and probably uncaringly spread HIV . This movie came out while I was in high school and I did n't get around to seeing it till 2001 , and I mention that because from that vantage point I was able to step back and be every bit as appalled as the filmmakers meant me to be , whereas earlier I might have seen this film , as others have , merely as an exercise in shocking `` grown-ups . '' Kids might be tough to watch , it might alienate you , but I think deep down a perceptive viewer will give credit where it 's due for managing to create a confrontingly vivid portrait of ` 90 's youth on a rough and filthy canvas .
 This is a movie wear `` Kids '' party , do drugs , and have sex with everyone until this one girl gets aids `` hiv '' then she starts spreading it to all of her friends . This movie is for mature people only ! Not for Kids `` children ''
 We saw the video by word of mouth . I would have to agree that this issue must be addresed . We are killing ourselves and by losing family morals is not helping . Watch it to become more aware of what is going on in the REAL WORLD .
 SEX . SEX . AND MORE SEX.MOVIE HAS A RAW ESSENSE TO IT.IT IS NOT COMMERCIAL AT ALL.IT IS NOT THE NORMAL HOLLYWOOD B/S WERE THEY MAKE THE MOVIE HAVE A HAPPY ENDING.IT SHOWS WHAY REALLY HAPPENS WHEN YOU ARE NOT SAFE WHEN HAVING SEX IN THE 90 's . LOVE THE WHOLE PLOT OF THE MOVIE.RECENTLY PURCHASED IT AND I WILL WATCH OVER AND OVER AGAIN .
 i am in college and choose this film to do a critique on and im so glad i choose this film . i loved it!i did n't even have to rent it my friends had bought it and seen it numerous times.i thought that this was a wonderful film , with wonderful graphics . yes , it was nasty and perverted , but wake up people this is really happening in many cities today ! people do n't enjoy this film cause they choose to ignore these issues instead of trying to fix them.thanks !! excellent movie
 I viewed this video and was pleased to see the straight forward approach that it showed . The characters e.g. -LRB- Casper and Kelly -RRB- are NOT actors , this viedo show the regular every day life of two kids . I will encourage a lot of christians to see it and if you do n't like what you see , DO SOMETHING ABOUT IT !! Get involved with the youth and take back what has been stolen .
 I rented Kids so much that the video store gave me the tape !! This movie does n't leave anything to the imagination . Larry Clark was n't trying to butter his audience up to a typical teen romance . This movie tells it how it really is . Just the scene where the camera alternates between the girl 's bedroom and the boy 's living room is enough to tell you that there is nothing innocent about this movie . It 's raw , it 's nasty , it 's vulgar , it 's perverted , it 's immoral , and mostly it 's how things REALLy are . A must-see for anyone who can handle the pressure of what actually goes on around them !!
 I just saw this movie last night . Some of the material was an eye opener for me and some of it wasnt so eye opening . Some of what went on is all too familiar to me . i think all teens should watch this movie . its a day in the life of a group of teens having sex , doing drugs , fighting , and partying . it 's weird how real this movie was . i 've seen a lot of what goes on in this movie and know the effects of it . i think the majority of the movie is based around sex and the effects of sex . this movie should NOT be used as an educating tool and i dont think teens should watch this with their parents . it 'd be very very uncomfortable ! well i highly recommend this movie for all teens just to see what some people have to go through everyday and learn from their mistakes .
 KIDS was the best movie I have seen in my entire life.I rented it first because everyone always talks about how cool and weird it was so I decided to check it out . It was SOOOO awesome ! I rented it a few other times and that 's when I saw the true meaning and values of the movie . The movie really promotes safe sex and not having sex untill you are fully ready.RENT OR BUY THIS MOVIE !!! CASPER ROCKS !!
 some people are so blind to the way real life works for so many people ... they only see what they want to see ... with their blinders on , they are safe from everything that is new and different ... safe from everything that scares them ... and instead of trying to understand it ... or at least try to accept it ... they just critique it ... and let their warped views mess up their ability to comprehend anything that is new to them . I think that that 's why so many people have not accepted this film ... it is art ... in a pure form . It shows the world how some kids live ... it is n't about Johnny Football Hero ... It 's about the things that people want to try to ignore , the things that people ca n't fathom ... it 's about the things that people should n't ignore ... It 's a window ... one that we all should look through .
 This film accurately depicts the minds of today 's teens who have been left alone by their parents to fend for themselves in this neverending sexually exploited world .
 While I thought this was a good film , some scenes were hard to watch . Such as the beginning and ending parts , where Telly -LRB- Leo Fitzpatrick -RRB- deflower two young underage girls , and where Casper -LRB- Justin Pierce -RRB- rapes Jenny -LRB- Chloe Sevigny -RRB- in her sleep . All Telly wants to do is de-virginize young girls . Jenny , one of Telly 's previous sex partners , Jenny finds out she has an HIV , after only having sex once . She looks for Telly , only to catch him doing another girl , giving her an HIV . Jenny falls asleep , depressed , and Casper rapes her , giving him an HIV.I am aware that the kids were only acting , but stuff like this actually happens in the world . Children as young as 10-12 doing drugs , underage sex , and receiving HIVs , and the parents do n't do anything . This film was also very controversial , some claimed it `` borerline child pornography '' . But this was a great film , even though I wo n't be watching it again for a while , because I was shocked from everything.If you liked `` Kids '' , you will like `` Ken Park '' , which actually contains more explicit content than this one .
 This is one of those movies that you have to see just once.It has little in terms of artistic value but all and then some in its raw and realistic depiction of the life of trouled teenagers . There is only one problem with this movie and that is the audience by which it should be watched . Its hard to recommened this for 14-16 year olds because of its graphic nature and older audiences may find its message irrelevant due to having outgrown that stage in their life . For younger viewers , see it with an older friend , sibling or at the very least your parents . Its not something to add to your family DVD collection but defintely something to experience once .
 I thought kids was a perfect example of how the youth today is . I think that most people would be shocked about the marijuana use , the sexual activity , and the violence , but it was more of a shock to me how close the movie was to reality . I dont think anyone has ever been able to face the facts and make such an excellent movie about the realities of being a teen , not just a street teen , but any normal suburban teen . Though the dialect in which they talk is a little bit extreme -LRB- not the cursing , just the black accents the put up , though teens do use it , but not that extreme -RRB- . The rest of the movie was really excellent and especially the part in which `` Telly '' is giving everyone the HIV virus , the irony in this is because of the sexual obssesion his best friend `` Casper '' ends up getting it as well . I think that adults would not be able to handle this movie , because of all the negative criticism they would give out , and they would probably think kids would get influenced by this movie , and that is exactly what the movie is saying you can not turn a blind on things and you can not just think it 's not happening . I think `` Kids '' is an excellent movie on the realities of teen life today and i rate it 5 stars .
 this one is a real controversial and deep , shocking and sick look at KIDS without there parents or they grow in violent and dangerous territory . Leo Fitzpatrick -LRB- Bully , Another Day In Paradise -RRB- is Telly , the kid who likes to devirginize little girls . Justin Pierce -LRB- may he rest in peace , starred in Next Friday and Black Male -RRB- is Casper , Telly 's best friend , the toking , skateboarding , motha , who has a sick and mindblowing scene at the end . filled with thoughts that will stick with you long after the movie is over . obviously the best movie of 1995 . this was so controversial . Directed by-Larry Clark -LRB- Bully , Another Day In Paradise -RRB- directs with power
 This movie is basically a documentary of the life of some of New York teenagers and the lives they live each day . The reason I classify this movie as a documentary is not only because of the reality of it , but the lack of enjoyment I get out of watching it . It is not entertainment , but a real look at what youth has come to in the USA . If you are looking for a movie that has entertainment value , this is not the one for you . Sex , STDs , drugs , and violence are the basic aspects of the film . The plot is not very good and the conflict is never resolved . I would highly suggest this movie to parents who do n't think anything about their kids never being at home . I do think that the author downgrades the anger and violence -LRB- only one scene in the movie displays actual violence -RRB- that kids have and upgraded the sex portion of the movie . Whether or not he was trying to invent a disturbing porno , I do not know . I gave the movie a four because it does have informative value and a place in our society for those who choose to listen to it .
 The first itme I saw this movie , I was probably about 12 . It taught me about the consequenses of unprotected sex . And it 's fun to watch , I have never enjoyed a documentary so much . It it actaully realistic , compared to most cheesy , homemade docs . I will always like this movie .
 Parents watch this movie when your children are not around !! It will change your perspective on a lot of different issues . I would NOT recommend it to young people . It is a mature film with good acting and realistic notions . Anyone who thinks AIDS is not a reality or that morals are not important needs to check this out .
 Following the film 's grubby and heartless introduction enough to already have an impact upon a viewer and have him think twice as to whether or not he shall continue watching it , there is a scene where Telly , walking along the streets of New York City with his alcohol-dependent friend Casper , narrates to him his latest sexual subjugation , which we have just witnessed in callous detail . Casper is gulping beer from a bottle , which he has likely stolen from a convenience store , for you later see him stealing a fresh one out of the fridge , ever so casually mind you . Telly 's language is like strings of hideous blows ; he articulates about his exuberance for `` de-virginizing '' young girls , Casper cheers him on , and it becomes clear that neither one of them has any state of curiosity , any esteem , frame of consultation , beyond instantaneous animal regalement.Then a peculiar thing occurs . Casper respites casually , in plain view of a passerby on a street corner , to urinate . That is not what is odd . What is odd is that Telly opts to stand around the corner from his friend , to grant him privacy . If you scrutinize this body language , you comprehend that these kids live entirely in a world of their own . Other people-adults-simply do not exist , which is a reason large enough to baffle many as to the lactation this film was made in , for the camera , like the characters , sees merely this deplorable youth culture . Director Larry Clark 's Kids is a film regarding their world , seeing everything as they see it , being the reason you scarcely get to see Manhattan . It is twenty-four-excessively-agitated-hours in the lives of these youths through one simmering summer day and night during which they travel Manhattan on skateboards and subway trains , shoplift , drink , use drugs , chat about and have sex , party like there 's no tomorrow , involve themselves into fights so aggressive they 're pestilent , and crash in an accustomed stupor , before beginning all over again the following day . It 's clear to us that most of these kids are likely to not make it out alive past a period of their age when others would be worrying about their future careers , if they were to not already be locked behind bars , and it is n't like they have a future to look up for , anyway , nor does anything else interest them in life than doing all of the mutinous things you see them doing in this film . Telly , on the other hand , at least has an interest -LRB- or more of a hobby -RRB-
 let me get off and say that reviewer Alan Koslowski just gave away the whole movie.dude it 's a review , do n't give away all the major details in the story.even though i seeen the movie before i read the review it 's still a great movie.KIDS is the best movie i 've seen in a long time . It 's real and raw and down to the point.I wish that movies would stay as real as KIDS and focus on the real issuse in city and suburban life.KIDS is a movie that 's worth more than 5 stars it 's worth 10 . I urge all people to watch it and think .
 I actually got kind of sick when I first saw this movie . Even though I knew that this was how teenagers really acted -LRB- I 'm 19 myself -RRB- , it was still shocking to see in such graphic detail . The movie had a lot going for it , but I still vowed never to watch it again . But it just stayed in my head . When I watched it again a few weeks later , I did n't get squeamish at all this time around , the good aspects were heightened , and I really enjoyed it . This is great cinema , period . I have a very hard time believing that there was a script for this because the dialogue is the most real I 've ever heard in a movie . Major credit to writer Harmony Korine -LRB- who also wrote and directed Gummo -RRB- . Leo Fitzpatrick , Justin Pearce , and Chloe Sevigny give great performances as the main characters . True , this movie is n't for everyone - some people ca n't handle the fact that this is real life and not some fake suburban setting , so they 'll just write it off as garbage . That 's fine , they do n't know what they 're missing . I wo n't say that the film depicts the kind of life I wish I have , but it 's great that a talented filmmaker like Larry Clark had the guts to show it . At this cheap price , the DVD is a major steal . If you have n't seen Kids yet , do n't get offended easily , and/or really like films about young adults , do what I did and blind buy this sucker .
 When it first came out , my daughter -LRB- then a teen -RRB- said `` You do n't want to see it , Mom '' ... so I did n't see it , I buried my head in the sand . Until a couple of women in an HIV prevention group I run encouraged me to see it ... WOW ... talk about blowing the illusion of `` safety in numbers '' ... The movie is powerful , wonderfully filmed , raw and honest and terrifying . A young Latina , zealously guarded by her family -LRB- `` do n't get a boyfriend '' , but perhaps no explanation as to WHY to stay away from boyfriends -RRB- is easily seduced by a young boy who only has sex with virgins , so he wo n't catch any diseases . Later , one of his virgin victims learns she is HIV positive and you ask yourself , HOW ? How , when he only does virgins and he was her first and only ... the answer to that question blew me away . HOW can anyone REMEMBER what or who they do when they are high and drunk and passed out or in a black out ? How can these , or any , kids survive and flourish in a place where parents are unavailable for whatever reason -LRB- work -RRB- or excuse -LRB- drugging , immature themselves -RRB- and the wolves come in peer-sized packages ? Major wake up call , people ... parents , teachers , friends , families , survivors , recovering people ... UNITE ... GET INFORMED , GET INVOLVED ... SAVE THE KIDS .
 I first heard about this movie from a friend of mine and tryed finding it for a long time . When I finally found it and watched it , it really peaked my intrist with being a skateboarder and all . I found this movie to be very true because I have been through some of the same situations
 Larry Clark 's best film ever , without a doubt . He 's done Bully and Another Day In Paradise and those are good but nothing compares to his KIDS . a Masterpiece of a movie , it 's my favorite movie of all time . It just glues you to the tv set , watching it , waiting for whats next and whats to come , making you think , making you wonder . With a superb cast , including Leo Fitzpatrick -LRB- Telly -RRB- , Chloe Sevingy -LRB- Jenny -RRB- and a sensational performance by Justin Pierce -LRB- Casper -RRB- . Pierce committed suicide in 2000 and he had a short career but he played in good movies . The film 's vision of Kid 's without parents is grand and the masterwork is shattering and compelling and shocking . I 'd say rent it or buy it , very good
 I was about to buy the movie and that 's what got me reading some of the reviews.Alot of people had alot of different things to say about it.when I first saw this movie I thought it really was real , just a camera following a day in teen life.I thought this because for me everything that goes on in this movie is what my days and some of my friends days are like.I do n't live in nyc , but any poor area is usually just like this . the stuff these kids are doing is the same as what myself or friends of mine are doing.parents do not play any big roles in this movie , and that 's how it is for kids doing these things.if you have parents in your life than you 're not gon na act like these kids do.and to those who said kids are not really this bad , kids have hopes and dreams . that is very true , but when you get caught up in a lifestyle like the one shown in this movie , you stop thinking about all that stuff and just consentrate on what 's goin on around you . This movie is gon na shock the people who do n't know about these things , but to those who can relate , it 's gon na be entertaining.When I first saw it , it brought back memories of mine that was like stuff going on in the movie . To parentswho were freaked out by this movie-just keep an eye on your kids , it 's when you 're never around to get them in trouble that gets them acting like this , they need to be raised to know thay ca n't do whatever they want .
 look were the other reviewers are coming from they do n't know what inner city life is like if you want to know , watch the film it 's true stories of big city life .
 This movie is a true good movie . Its sad that the chracter that plays Casper -LRB- Justin Peirce -RRB- hung himself last week on my birthday , he was an awesome and funny actor , after the role of Roach in Next Friday , his career would have really taken off . I hope hes in a better place . RIP . Anyways , SEE THIS FILM !
 Following the film 's grubby and ever so heartless prologue enough to already have great impact among a viewer and have him think twice as to whether or not he shall continue watching it , there is a scene where Telly , the film 's leading character , who is approximately sixteen-years-old , is walking along the streets of New York City with his alcohol-dependent friend , Casper , who he is narrating to with regards to his latest sexual subjugation , which we have just witnessed in callous detail . Casper is gulping beer from a bottle , which he has likely stolen from a convenience store , for you later see him stealing a fresh one out of the fridge , ever so casually mind you , like he was n't breaking any rules . Telly 's language is like a string of hideous blows ; he articulates about his exuberance for `` de-virginizing '' young girls , Casper cheers him on , and it becomes perfectly clear that neither one of them has any state of curiosity , any esteem , frame of consultation , beyond instantaneous animal regalement.Then a peculiar thing occurs . Casper respites casually , in plain view of a passerby on a street corner , to urinate . That is not what is so odd . What is odd is that Telly opts to stand around the corner from his friend , to grant him some privacy . If you scrutinize this body language , you comprehend that these kids live entirely in a world of their own . Other people-adults-simply do not exist , which is a reason large enough to baffle many as to the location this film was made in , for the camera , like the characters , sees merely this deplorable youth culture . Director Larry Clark 's Kids is a film regarding their world , seeing everything as they see it-being the reason you scarcely get to really see Manhattan , let alone ever seeing it in full view . It is twenty-four-excessively-agitated-hours in the lives of these kids through one simmering summer day and night during which they travel Manhattan on skateboards and subway trains , shoplift , drink , use drugs , chat about and have sex , party like there 's no tomorrow , involve themselves into fights so aggressive they 're pestilent , and crash in an accustomed stupor , before beginning all over again the following day.It 's clear to us that most of these kids are likely to not make it out alive past a period of their age when others would be worrying about their future careers-if they were to not already be locked behind bars-and it is n't like they have a future to look up for , anyway , nor does anything else interest them in life than doing all of the mutinous things you see them doing here , which merely has them reach an even earlier death . Telly , on the other hand , at least has an interest-or more of a hobby -
 -LRB- Sorry but you need to take a view outside of your minimal egocentric parameters . So ... -RRB- el filme no muestra nada que no se haya visto en infinidad de otros trabajos , pero lo realmente inquietante es la precocidad , ese despertar temprano -LRB- quiz&aacute; `` demasiado temprano '' -RRB- a experiencias de profunda intensidad y consecuencias irreversibles . Si algo no me convenci&oacute; y me pareci&oacute; inveros&iacute;mil , es la facilidad de acceso a cuerpos adversarios -LRB- es decir del g&eacute;nero femenino -RRB- borrando con ello , de un plumazo simple , toda la complejidad que la adolescencia masculina entra & ntilde ; a en cuanto al contacto con el otro -LRB- en rigor `` la otra '' -RRB- y las reticencias e incluso crisis de grueso calibre y largo alcance que frustraciones en este campo pueden llegar a provocar . Ante el comentario reiterado en el sentido de que `` los actores no act&uacute;an '' me parece que su performance es veros&iacute;mil precisamente por ello
 KIDS is the best movie ever !! Me and my friends are like obsessed with it!Its funny , I own it and everyone at school always borrows it from me , people I like dont even know borrow it!I KNOW the stuff in the movie dosent happen to me or NE one that I know but I DO know that it does happen to people out there.The movie has a messege and it shows it in an awesome way ! CASPER RULES AND I WANT HIM !!!!
 This movie is on my top 15 list for sure . This film reminds me of my friends and my life and `` Kids '' is a perfect title . After watching this film it showed me how anything can happen in this world to anyone . This film is really a great film and worth your time .
 It 's hard to review something that really gives you a gut feeling of disgust and anger . But then again , the REASONS for that disgust or anger is because the movie is believable.It 's a kind of rough film , edited in a way that it seems kind of gritty , with home video feel to it . The story is of the idle time of kids essentially on the streets in New York and is also kind of a `` coming of age '' film , with a HUGE twist.It also is a movie to show the dangers of sex , drugs and alcohol , and it does so through the tales of numerous kids in the story , most notebly Telly -LRB- played by Leo Fitzpatrick -RRB- , his friend Casper , and also characters played by Rosario Dawson and Chloe Sevegny . It 's hauntingly believable and the `` surprise ending '' is both disgusting and kind of fitting.I 'd recommend this movie to anyone , but I do n't think I could OWN it . It 's kind of one of those things you 're happy you 've seen , but also glad you do n't HAVE to see it again . Powerful and painful in one blow , this is a completely unforgettable movie . It 's just too bad that sometimes you do n't forget things because they leave haunting images of reality in your mind .
 First of all , if you think this movie glorifies sex/drugs/alcohol , you either were n't paying any attention whatsoever , missed the ending , or are a complete moron . This movie is the least-glorifying out of anything I 've seen . The cinematography , along with superb acting all across the board , creates a documentary-like realism . Hell , the first time I saw a brief part of it , I could have sworn I was watching a documentary . Anyhow , if you are put off by any content early on , do yourself a favor and just put up with it . You must see the end of this movie to truly understand the tragedy and obvious message in the story . And trust me , it 'll stick with you . Especially if you see it twice -LRB- a good idea -RRB- .
 A minor classic , though flawed in its ' inability to really provide clues as to why the stereotypically lost urban youth of today seem willing to take chances even the `` worst '' of previous generations would n't consider . AIDS , considered a modern day plague and one very avoidable for those who were not the unfortunate victim of a medical `` accident '' , has no apparent meaning for Telly and Caspar , one not exactly college material , and the other his amoral and willing prodigy.The location photography is in the best tradition of hard , gritty films of the early '70s , like `` Mean Steets '' -LRB- DeNiro , Keitel -RRB- and `` Born To Win '' -LRB- George Segal and Karen Black ; Robert DeNiro in a small supporting role -RRB- . The scene at the clinic when Jennie learns she is HIV-positive is riveting to say the least . The Medical staffer tells it like it is to Jennie , who acknowledges the seriousness of her condition , but ca n't seem to manage her new responsibility in notifying Telly , or in making an abrupt change in her life style . She finds herself at another wild party and in no condition to block the advances of Caspar.The film took a bold step in focusing on heterosexual transmission at a time when the bisexual or homosexual community was unjustly identified as solely responsible for the spread of this disease . The problem with using this movie as a teaching tool , however , is that Jennie is the only sympathetic character , among the `` older '' kids , who should know something about the risks of certain behaviours.Very strong performances , and subtle direction should have made this effort a cult classic , presuming it does n't have that status .
 i thought this film was good it showed that this can really happen and does happen to kids around the world there 's always going to be a guy who wants to sleep with every girl and not protect himself or his parter the film was smart i think that it was better that the actors were not experienced with acting that 's what made the script so real the way that they talked even if they sounded stupid or immature this film captured truth and disbelief all at once i loved the movie !!!!
 I first saw this movie in 1995 when it was released , and it is as brilliant today as it was then . This being for many reasons - every actor is a variable unknown but many launched their careers from this movie -LRB- Rosairo Dawson , Chole Savigeny . Is this movie sad ? Yes . Is it depressing ? No . Do n't look at it as underage children having sex and doing drugs . Look at it and realize it showed the reality of America 's youth when no one was ready to see it ... Watch it again and again , it only gets better
 `` Kids '' is one of the most controversial releases of 1995 . Its brilliant and daring plot earns the writers tremendous respect . The inside look of a sexually active teenager , Telly , teaches many lifelong lessons about the dangers and the consequences about such lifestyles . All of his friends influencing him and applauding him for his actions keeps the film interesting as it helps explores other dangerous lifestyles
 This would have to be Larry Clark 's best movie . His other movies are very good too -LRB- Bully , Gummo -RRB- , but this one stands out a little bit more . In most movies , the characters are people you can either -LRB- a. -RRB- relate to in some way , -LRB- b. -RRB- sympathize with , -LRB- c. -RRB- feel absolute pity for , or -LRB- d. -RRB- absolutly loathe . I think in this movie , you can sometimes feel all those emotions at different parts of the movie . But in the final analysis , you tend to think that these `` kids '' are just super predators headed to a life of crime ... . But the beauty of this movie are the small scenes of urban decay and deliberate dialogue . Observing them interact is very watchable , and you can also pick out scenes where they behave in a very normal fashion . Their brutal , conniving , sexual way of living life in NYC may or may not be typical for kids their age , but in this story , at least some of them will pay for their ignorance and apathy with the ultimate price
 Kids is a film that has been misunderstood since its release parents say that it is a kiddy porn film and that it makes no sense or that it does not have a proper ending . Children and teenagers however watch it and think that it is great because every one smokes drinks and has underage sex basically three things that are garuanteed to evoke a positive response from the underage amongst us . The thing about this film however is that it is basically a documentary commenting on the lives of a group of fairly average teenagers because lets face it most kids probably do get up to this kind of thing . If you watch Kids with an open mind you will see a harsh unrelenting look at the truth of the teenage social heierarchy of drink drugs and sex . On the whole a very thrilling film that pulls no punches and gives the topic of aids a new spin that is light years away from tom Hanks in Philadelphia .
 Well it 's definitely not a movie for people who are n't open minded . It is very raw and thought provoking . I love this movie just because it 's so real . I mean I know that alot of times we never want to believe that anything could happen to us but this movie makes you realize it can . The characters are great and you really get into the movie . If you like movies that do n't hold back and show it like it really is then you will love this movie like I do . Growing up in the city before I moved to TN it really hit home to me and reminded me of how things were and it reminded me of alot of people that I knew . I give it 5 stars ! KEEP IT REAL !
 The movie kids is my all time favorite movie , I 've seen it 34 times adn I still bought it . The way they made the movie was true , I used to skate adn things like gang violence occurred . It educates u about sex and AIDS . Made me cry .
 WHAT , I JUST COULD N'T BELIVE THIS MOVIE IT WAS SO BLUNT AND TO THE POINT . I HAVE NEVER SEEN A MOVIE LIKE THIS BEFORE , ALL THE OTHER MOVIES TRY TO PORTRAY WAHT HAPPENS IN AMERICAN TEENS LIVES BUT NONE LIKE THIS BEFORE . I REALLY LIKE THIS MOVIE NOT BECAUSE OF WHAT I SAW BUT BECAUSE OF THE REAL STORY IT WAS NOT WATERED DOWN BUT IT BLUNT AND TO THE POINT , I GLAD SOMEBODY STOP BEGIN SCARED AND FINALLY SHOWED WHAT SOME AMERICAN TEENAGERS GO THROUGH .
 What 's so ` ugly ' about this movie ? Because it depicts the truth ? To all you parents out there , this is exactly what teenagers do on a daily basis . I know because I was once a teenager too , and this movie hits the mark . This is what happens when parent 's do n't have a solid relationship with their kids . This movie is not ugly , its just the straight up truth which most people do n't like to recognize . It 's up to us as parents to guide our children in the right direction so this type of behavior can be minimized .
 Shocking ... When I first saw the movie it was with our scout group and I thought I will have to leave the theather hall before end ... It was discusting and sooo shocking-and I was 13 . But when I thought about it ... it is real ! Shocking but real.At first I tried to convince myself that this is only American style and It ca n't be going on in our country when I discovered that it is basicly going on around me . Yes in the country of total population 2 million ! It was devastating discovery but it really opened my eyes and it is one of my favourite movies since then . I wish more teenagers and their parents would saw it and then discuss all the issues ... it is a real eye opener
 not only was i impressed by the way the script was written but i was impressed by the way it was acted out . all of the charactors did a great job of showing adults what life on the streets is like . i give the director lots of credit in making this movie . being a young teen myself i can relate to alot of things that went on in this movie including the sex drugs and beatings . alot of people come from smalls out in the middle of know where and dont really know how life is like on the streets -LRB- especially in chicago -RRB- . so a very special thanks to all the people that made the movie and to the people who watched it . me and my friends appreciate the wake up call . : - -RRB-
 I was totally shocked when I first started watching this movie , but after a while , I realized how true it was . I am a teen and could relate to a lot of it . It is upsetting , but VERY good and could help older people to understand what it 's like growing up now . So dramatic , I cried at several scenes . PLEASE WATCH !
 The first time I watched this movie it scared me . Not for any horror reason , just because it is REAL LIFE . All this crap really happens , I absolutely LOVE the movieand I give snaps to the director .
 This movie is good . It is not as good as Gummo . Although the soundtrack does have the song `` Good morning , Captain . '' I like this song .
 I LOVED THIS MOVIE !! IT SAYS WHATS REALLY GOING ON , NOT WHAT SHOULD BE GOING ON . I WISH THERE WERE MORE MOVIES LIKE IT
 I believe that this movie portrays real life adolescence , and they 're views on life . Many people believe that the video is a fallacy , however from the perspective of a teen growing up on the streets , the movie could n't have hit the nail any closer to the head . Unfortunately teens believe they 're invincible and will go throughout life bouncing from wall to wall until they crash . I believe that this may as well be a documentary on the street punk/skater teenage subculture .
 I heard people at my highschool taking about this movie , so I rented it . I could n't stop thinking about KIDS after I saw it.I had to buy it after . This movie was so real that I was n't sure if the people were acting or not . No other movie can get as real as this one . I wish there was a part 2 . CASPER is solid !
 WHEN I FIRST SAW KIDS I THOUGHT IT WAS A SICK MOVIE . ALL OF MY FRIENDS AND EVERYONE AT SCHOOL SAID IT WAS THE BEST MOVIE . KIDS IS N'T THE REAL WAY TEENS ACT . MOST OF IT WAS N'T REALISTIC AT ALL . BUT OVERALL IT WAS AN OK MOVIE . KIDS SHOULD BE SHOWN AT SCHOOL . I WAS SURPRISED IT WAS N'T RATED .
 A movie that feels like a documentary , as we follow around several less than motivated teens . Sex , violence , apathy - these are kids who have no idea of anything that does n't affect them . Fine movie that really gets under the skin of these bored kids . Bare bones DVD , but that does n't really matter with a movie this worth watching . Does have some very harsh language and some sexual situations that make you squirm , but never played for voyuerism . I recommend watching with the subtitles , as the slang and slurring can be a little hard to understand .
 I only have three things to say , AMAZING , POWERFUL , and REAL . As an eighteen year old , I know what my highs chool life was like . Parties are where teens hook-up no matter what the consequences . Teens showing absolutely no brains or ocnscience is exactly like this movie and real life . I recommend this movie to any high schooler or teacher or even parent .
 This movie paints a picture of what goes on in the lives of kids all across the nation daily . This is a must see movie for many parents . Your kids may be faced with many of these decisions every day . It portrays some of the pressure for teens in a modern society . You need to see this movie and thoroughly understand it .
 This movie is the best movie about NY life . If your my age -LRB- 17 -RRB- then this movie is for you . It taught me alot of stuff about things like choices . This movie is great Justin Pierce is gon na be a great actor
 THIS MOVIE IS ONE OF THE MOST WELL THOUGHT OF MOVIES EVER MADE CAUSE THEY SHOW HOW IT REALLY IS FOR KIDS WHO SPEND THEIR TIME ON THE STREET INSTEAD OF A LOVING ENVIORNMENT
 the movie showed not only kids in N.Y. city but all over the u.s. . It showed about the aids epedemic , fighting , skinny dipping , partying , and de-virginizing .
 this is the all time greatest movie ever not just because of the acters but because it actually was written by a adolesent that knows all about the real world it depicts the real attitudes of teenagers and what some go through in life .
 this movie is so raw and real its amazing it hits things right on the money it tells people how things are i am 14 and i saw this no more than a year ago every kid who wants to see this has the right idea All parents should let there kids see this it has a great message its the Teenage answer to TRAINSPOTTING ... its really hard to take at first but Stick with it there is some funny lines ... but its not a comedy at all its only funny at times because it shows all sides of teenage life ... its not farfetched its an inventive look at these kids There not problem children There whats turning into the regular children ... now from a cinematic standpoint it works as a movie because its really well Acted , Directed , and Written man ... i could go on and on about this movie but i dont want to waste any more of your time See KIDS and enjoy it .
 the movie KIDS was interesting to watch.it 's full of sex and irresponsible behavior , and excessive drug use.to me this movie does not depict the lives of everyday teenagers , for one i am a teenager 17 , and i do know of violent people and sometimes can be one myself and have tried illegal things nothing to hard though the occasional blunt or beer , but i never have been a maniac about it , anyways it basically takes the life of teenager and drives it to the extreme ! and i do n't inhale helium or get down with losers!the actors in this movie where one sided and ignorantlly violent.it 's almost like a 89 year old wrote the script from a very stereotypical view.even so the movie is great to laugh at and to trade back and forth with your friends.i knew a guy who look liked the skinny kid who thought he was a mack.but from a truthfull basis the movie really opened up a reality that aids can affect all ages and people and that we as teenagers are not untouchable and most of all just because you have sex once does n't make you safe from disease , i have seen people die of this disease and it 's not like a movie that can be rewinded or erased , it 's all real and the message is spread throughout the movie , lastly i leave with you and i quote with all sincerity `` nobody is safe when all eyes are closed . ''
 This is a realistic depiction of teenagers in this time period .
 This film is a true ground breaker due to its gritty style of really just telling the story of how inner city kids , young adults , teenagers are basically growing up in these times . I think most would shy away from a film like this due to its `` in your face '' demeanor that it has but it my opinion , it just shows the `` sign of the times '' .
 Yup , this is true to life . Like most Teenagers nowadays , this is what we live . I come fromthe same type place as the setting in Kids , and it reminds me of the world i live in , Real , This is real . For people who disagree and say we do not live like this . Hah open your eyes . This movie is perfect in its way to find the truth . The drugs , sex , fighthing , is almost perfect . This movie is amazing in more than one way .
 This movie was pretty good , though there is a lot of sex , drugs , drinking , violence etc. . . I 'm from NYC and some ppl i know are like that i think it shows what teen life is like for some ppl in NY . I loved how they used Washington Sq. . Park-a lot of ppl that are like the charaters in the movie go to that park for the same reasons ... skateboard , pick fights , do drugs etc. ... This movie seemed so real and i hope there would be more movies like this . -14
 I feel compelled to throw my two cents on a review . Why ? Because if I had seen the movie Kids sooner , it might have shaken me out of my obliviousness before I contracted a permanent STD when I was 20 . Any review of this movie that 's generally negative , or fails to get the point , or cries for an explanation is from an ADULT looking at the movie Kids and not remembering the beasts that were around them in teenagerdom , and thus thinking that this movie `` misses something . `` What it misses is the happy ending - the warm fuzzy feeling that everything will be alright , and we can go back to pointless consumerism/prescription drugs/TV - whatever distracts us from the fact that not just shabby queers get AIDS.This movie does n't pretend to answer any questions because it 's an alarm for < * YOU * > to find the answer to the growing problem of sexuality as a deadly force in teenage society and beyond.In your day-to-day hustle and bustle you might just forget that people do live this way , and sh ** does happen . All this movie aims to do is remind you of that , and hopefully stick with you and make the waste of a generation that is today 's youth think twice -LRB- or at all -RRB- , and understand the concept of * consequences . *
 This movie is a real eye opener . It is a wake up call . I recommend this movie to everybody . It is very realistic . It shows what kids do on the streets . If you view it the first time you will think that it is not a good movie . After you view it a couple of times you will see that it is a good movie . When it first came out it was very contraversial , Originaly rated nc-17 . It was released not rated .
 While watching this film , it 's hard to believe that it 's `` just a movie '' and not a documentary . I watch a lot of movies of all types , this is like no other movie -LRB- or tv show -RRB- that I have ever seen . The brutal honesty of this film , while quite dark , was refreshing in a sense .
 Finally , a REAL movie . What makes this movie so great is that it tells it like it is . All those fake shows you see on t.v. like Dawson 's Creek and Touched by an Angel are bull - . Those shows tell every body how they would like it to be , and not how it really is . The majority of this country has lived or is living the lives of these `` kids '' . Even though it may be sad , its true , and it 's about time we had a movie everyone can relate to . If you have n't seen this movie yet , or even if you do n't want to , you should , because it 's a definite eye opener . I would give this movie 8 stars if i could !!
 I think this movie was great , but , it may take you a couple viewings to see that . The first time I saw it , I was almost sick because of what goes on in the film . But , when I sat down again to watch it , i was enthralled . Every character is such a kick in the head . I 've seen it about 6 times now , and each time i watch it , i pick up something new .
 I think that this film is rich in the sense that the directors tell the audience straight up to where some aspects of where our society and culture is heading and that we should n't leave our children be in such a sensitive and under developed stage where they become ferral and raise themselves to accomodate for their own everyday lives . The last thing that fitzpatrick says that when your kid there is not much to do and when you find something that you like you shoot for it , which it was that he did which leaves him with such a bleak existence . This film is spectacular in that it is a message to us and that I think that however weird and odd it seems it is very clear .
 All you people that say its a bad video just shut up . If you do n't like it do n't watch it . I 'm 14 and I 've seen it about 24 times . Every time I watch it I want to see it again . Its the best movie ever and I think everyone should see it . And yes , thats what real life is like now , accept it .
 This movie was really well done and makes you realize what is going on today
 As a teen , I totally related to the movie . It was an eye-opener to see that sex , drugs , and alcohol are n't all that cool . I watched it with a group of friends , and I was the only one that thought of it as a wake-up call . I would recommend to your teen , but only if he/she is very mature . I think this is a wake-up call to everybody , because teens really do go through this stuff in life , no matter where you live . An excellent movie .
 This film totally blows me away . Growing up in New York City is an absolutely unique experience . I knew plenty of kids like this and the fact that this was filmed where I grew up make it hit home even harder . For the people who Did n't like this film they are just not looking hard enough . This is almost a documentary , and should be seen as the example for all other cities in America to avoid . There are some very tough issues that `` Kids '' deals with in a most refreshingly honest way .
 this movie was so powerful.It makes you think about life a lot more . I think any teen shoud watch this . I thought I knew a lot about teens lives , but that changed after I watched this .
 I 'm a little surprised by the critical Amazon.com review . If there is any middle-class sensibility finger wagging from the film 's director , then I sure ca n't see it . This film does n't offer answers , it reveals a world that most adults choose to ignore . These kids are on a collision course that is fostered by conformity , insecurity , poverty and violence . There is no easy solution , and to pretend that there is would be worse than useless.As far as the acting is concerned , EVERYONE is superb . The `` documentary '' approach used by the director & cinematographer clicks perfectly with the realistic acting performances . Even though most of the kids are portrayed as repulsive , you ca n't help but feel for them . Instead of caricatures , we see insecure young people who are engulfed by a very destructive conformity to violence & extreme promiscuity . . I 'm not saying that people are n't responsible for their actions . But , I think it 's fair to say that anyone who could actually transcend an environment such as the one portrayed in the film who be a very rare individual .
 KIDS is an extremely smart and daring film that tells the truth of the `` Yorkville '' kids in New York . When I first bought the film I didn &#65533; t understand the film and did n't appreciate the acting or story line to it . But as I got older I knew that this was one of the best independent movies ever made . It is a great story about kids living in New York and showing there way of life through drugs , alcohol and sex . So watch the movie and see what Kids in America are really like .
 This movie depicts the real lives of teens grouwing up in nyc . I live in nyc and i have seen all of this going on . The only way to protect todays youth is to scare the hell out of them with movies like this .
 `` Kids '' is centered around two high school kids . One finds out she has AIDS and spends the next twenty-four hours looking for the one that gave it to her . That boy 's greatest goal in this movie is sexually conquering a young girl ... his second in that one day . It shows this large group of kids in New York doing everything from fighting to drugs , basically being kids . I have had the misfortune of spending my teenage years in two different states in two completely different sides of the country . The second place I lived was in New Jersey ... with easy access to New York City . I know this movie all too well . `` Kids '' is one of the most realistic movies I have ever seen , as a high school graduate of 1995 . Any baby boomers that get disgusted by this movie and say they know what 's going on are blind . They do n't want to see that . My mother was a baby boomer and is still completely clueless to what 's going on now . I knew guys like Casper and Telly . Boys like that do exist , no matter how anyone wants to deny that . Their parents are usually completely out of the loop when it comes to what their sons are doing . I frequented the club that was shown in the movie . I did the kind of things those kids did . No matter how `` bad '' the baby boomers were in the 60s and 70s , they have n't seen anything yet . If it was bad then , it 's a thousand times worse now ... except now WE DO N'T TALK ABOUT IT . I am now a successful young woman with a head on my shoulders and a rather well paying job . It did n't ruin my life . In fact , some of my fondest memories are the days when I used to do that stuff . The reason why this movie was so criticized was it was the truth and everyone with children that age or close are afraid of it . This is the kind of movie you embrace , no matter how ugly it may seem . It is ugly . It 's just a lot of information every parent should have . Growing up in the 90 's was exceptionally difficult . No matter how much you think you know about our generation , you do n't know enough and this movie explains most of it . I would recommend this to any parent with a pre-teen or older . It 's a must-see .
 The movie was incredible ! The actors did a bang up job and everything fell perfectly into place but my only small concern was that I heard a lot of awesome music in the movie but NONE of it was on the soundtrack .
 I saw the movie suggested on a Behavioral Health Site , to see what children actually do when they are in the city and do n't have many activities to do for school , sports , etc. . I took this movie as a way to see kids grow in there element . I would suggest this movie to anyone , it was a great movie . Yes it could be considered controversial , but I considered it a documentary that was a great A + Production .
 Kids is the story of unrestrained teenagers living in the grim atmosphere of poverty-stricken New York in the 90s and their empty , morally wayward lives . It 's a controversial movie , featuring extremely graphic yet causal conversations about sex , ten-year olds taking drugs , brutal gang beats , and rape . Though there 's naturally subplots , the movie can just as easily be taken as a whole , a film showing the character 's typical routines and experiences.At the center of the story is Telly , a pale , gangly boy with a `` addiction '' for virgins and who enjoys the act of deflowering them . His friend is the vulgar Casper who is as sexually deviant as he is , and the two regularly socialize with drug-dealers , gangster skateboarders , and all-around degenerate losers . One of Telly 's previous girls , Jenny , discovers she has acquired AIDS through Telly , and urgently sets out to find him before he passes the disease to other girls whom he may coerce into intercourse with . Telly and his clique have their own criminal adventures , climaxing at a wild , drug-laced party while Jenny searches the city with increasing hopelessness.This movie has some of the most realistic dialogue I 've ever heard despite its explicitness , and nearly all the slang is up to date . The scenes of downtown New York , the interactions of the characters , and its sheer relentlessness create powerful , resonant feelings upon viewing . It 's pessimistic , but you know that there really are unfortunate people like this , some made the way they are due to their terrible environments , others simply vile people whose situations augment their own corruption . It 's just a great movie , and thankfully not so simply because it has a reputation .
 This movie brilliant , beautiful , and sick . I think it can only be descibed by the last line of the film , `` Jesus Christ , What Happened '' . If you want a film about life , this is it . KIDS continues in the same steps as movies like ` This Is England ' ` American History X ' and of course ` Girl , Interrupted ' .
 A must see for every mature teen . So realistic and so real . A lot of kids are good and ca n't relate but a lot of people can relate and this movie is everyday life for a lot of teens who are just out livin life.So real it 's scary .
 This movie all takes place in one day , but tells the story on how kids screw up their lives . It 's all a big cycle . This movie is very artsy . The first time I saw it I fell in love with it and bought it the next day . I ca n't even describe how good this movie is .
 This movie is one of the BEST about the life of the american youth i 've got ever seen . It 's really f ***** g great !!!
 When i first sat down and watched this movie i was utterly indistgust and suprised , it really opened my eyes , im 18 male and improud to say that im a virgin and other teens should know that this is a bad road to go on if you are doing this behind the backs of your parents , To the parents , you should get your kids and sit down together and watch this movie , It 's a real eye opener and see that this a wrong path to go on having unprotected sex , drugs alchol . all teens should look at this movie . Unproteceted sex can get you killed it 's a death warrant and suicide .
 This is my all-time favorite movie . In some ways I can relate to this movie . I have friends who are just like these `` KIDS '' . This movie takes a true look into a teens life . I recommend this movie to other teens and pre-teens .
 Raw . True to life . Scary . Thats exactly what KIDS was . I 'm only 14 and I can tell u right now thats what its really like out there and I live in a small town thats not near the sort of setting in the movie , and it does n't make difference . This is what its like out there , there are plenty of upper class kids i know that are my age and just like that but are different ppl around their parents . Accept it ppl . It was a good movie because it was accurate .
 This movie was recommended to me by a good friend , and after I saw it , I felt like I wanted to vomit for 3 days . Funny enough , this does NOT mean that I did n't like it . In fact , I loved it . I would recommend this movie to anyone who enjoys `` true-to-life '' scripting and content . However , if you do n't want to know what your kids might be doing behind your back , stay as far away from this movie as possible .
 The negative reviews which are here seem to echo the theme of `` insult '' and `` horrible '' . No , it is n't . The movie itself is simply a window into a world which really does exist , only in much more explicit and terrible fashion at times . If you are offended so greatly by it , then set about to do something to help end it . The movie makes no judgements , but leaves them up to the viewers . Do n't insult the movie . It is but a doorway into a world most would never dare to enter , but so many teens do . The real insult is the life which is led by those real-life teens -LRB- and adults -RRB- , which this movie captures so truthfully and hauntingly . It is a bit like Saving Private Ryan in one respect . It is grim and horrible , but because of the general masses , it could n't be made to depict just how awful it really was -- and is .
 This movie brings out the truth about kids , and the way each and every one of them acts . This film will shock you , yet bring you closer to the light of your life . You will understand that not all men are created equal . You will realize what happens to most kids behind the backs of parents and how it is much different than what they have experienced . This film is great , powerful and compelling . Though , rough on the eyes is still needed for all to realize today 's society .
 This move should be shown to high school freshmen . This move portrays the life and past life of the urban child . Must see . Add this to your collection and accidentally let your children watch it .
 i think that , being a teenager myself , this movie is somewhat true . i have done a lot of stuff like this , but not to this degree . all in all , i think that more teenagers should watch this and adults too . casper rox !
 the first time i saw this movie , it really gave me a reality check as to who i was as a person . it appears as though the people who are always putting this movie down are people who either grew up in a very secluded neighborhood , or people who think that their kids could never get involved in an atmosphere such as the one seen in `` KIDS '' . What people do behind their parents backs , is most of the time expected to be undiscovered and Mr. Clark has given today 's society a very long-overdue wake up call to the parents out there , so that they are more involved .
 I remember seeing this movie roughly around the age of 15 or 16 . My uncle rented this movie for me and two much younger cousins on accident thinking that it was truly for `` kids '' . Needless to say this movie has made a VERY lasting impression on myself as well as anyone I know who has seen it . One is either moved to tears or incensed with anger by viewing this film . I think that every parent needs to watch this movie and others like it with any children that they have over the age of 16 and then listen very carefully to what their kids have to say after viewing this movie ... who knows , they just might learn something about their child and the adolescent world they they all currently have to grow up in . This a REAL eye opener !
 I have seen this movie and I would just like to say , almost everything in this movie is entirely true . I have read the other reviews from this movie and I am sorry to say teenagers today are like this . This movie is a very honest , blunt , and horrifying but I , all my friends , and any teenager that I 've ever held a conversation with is almost exactly like all of these kids . No not all teens urinate in public an not all teens want to take everyone virginity , but dome of us do think of sex as an activity not something special and some do drugs on a daily basis . I am 15 years old I live in Cincinnati , Ohio . Not a big city , but big enough . Any parents who think their kids are horrible should see this film . This film can save many teens lives , by having safe sex . I will say not ALL kids these days are like this , but most are . Most girls are naive at 11-16 and do not care about looks as much as a boy telling them they love them . This movie is a must see movie . Parent DO NOT let your kids turn into these characters !
 I hate to tell all the parents out there ... but this is NOT an exaggeration . I remember seeing this movie when it first came out . I was 20 years old and had already been living that very same lifestyle for several years . It was normal to me , because it was what I saw around me . Maybe things are different when a child is lucky enough to be brought up in a loving home . Maybe the pressures to do drugs and have sex are n't as prevalent outside of an urban environment . Who knows . Regardless , this movie is very real . Seeing it again now , at 31 , gave me chills . I was having some serious bouts of deja vu . I am stunned and appalled that once upon a time , I was one of those kids . I consider myself lucky because I escaped the wreck with no broken bones ... just a few scratches . PARENTS
 Kids is a controversial film , it is a realistic portrait of some people 's life , it should be a wake-up call , but above all it 's a good way to spend a couple hours.I bought the film , several years ago , with the intention of seeing a sex filled shocking film . And shocking it was . I was disgusted , and that 's not something that happens often . But months later , little flashes of the film would be in my head , and I started thinking about giving it a second chance . So I did , and I 've watched it nearly twenty times since . I love this movie . Yes , it is disturbing to see the way these kids live , and the fate they 've assigned themselves . But for some this is everyday . And we should all see it . Most of the people in this film were n't professional actors , they were kids from the area , people who already live the lifestyle they 're portraying . And they present it in an incredibly accurate way , probably for that reason.If you go to this film with an open mind , without expectations , you 'll see what Larry Clark saw , and what he wants to give to you . Give it a chance , and a second one if necessary , and you 'll be glad you did .
 I watched this movie when I was in 8th grade for the first time . Now I am a college freshman and I bought the dvd.First off the performance by Leo Fitzpatrick made sense . He was in the character rightly . This is real life and some people needs to face the facts that teenagers are having sex without protection , drinking , and doing drugs . This movie was greatly written into real life situations .
 This film is not made for `` kids '' -- it 's no Disney film ; rather it shows a painfully accurate picture of a group of young adults . This film is about kids living in the drug-friendly , over-sexed , `` just do it '' world of the late 20th century.I first saw this film in the theater . I knew it would be a hard film to watch ; that 's an understatement . You 'll find some interesting parts of the film that may bring back some adolescent feelings of insecurity and curiousity about sex . I think we all harbored these feelings to some extent when when we were teenagers . What really hit me hard is the main focus of the movie
 last night i was warned by my older brother that kids was a disturbing film . i was a little scared at first but when i watched it , i saw many things that i know teens around me do . i am 15 and when i was 14 , i had a boyfriend like telly . it brought flashbacks and i can swear that so many teenage guys are like that . i felt really bad for jennie , here she had hiv and tried to catch telly , but he already `` deflowered '' darcy by then . then she was raped . i see so much of what goes on in kids at my school so it quite honestly didnt disturb me that much . but i would recommend this movie to other teens , parents , teachers , whoever , to finally realize how hard being a teen really is . kids has really impacted me and i have learned a lot and will make a lot better decisions in my future so i dont end up like those teens .
 hands down this movie has to be considered one of the greatest movies ever ... this is the ultimate teen movie . . i shall not give away the plot of the story but let me tell you this the plot of this story has to be considered one of the greatest in movie history . . this acting and filming in this movie is done so relisticly that you feel like your watching a documentary its so real the way that they act . . i mean this movie is just stunning . . you should definetly watch this . . wow
 Kids is a film that is very difficult to watch . It is also one of the most honest portrayals of modern life that I have ever seen . It is n't a pretty film nor is it easy to stomach , in fact , most people I 've known did not like it at all . My mother called it garbage and kiddie porn and all kinds of foul names . She did n't really get the idea of how this is the way quite a few of our young people live their lives . I think that is why alot of folks hate this film . Then you have the other side who see it for what it really is - the truth . Not all teens or kids behave this way but I think parents would be appalled to find out just how many do these things.Kids start drinking too young , they start having sex too young and they do n't think of the consequences . This film does not in any way glorify teen sex at all . In fact , it tells a story that no teen movies ever tell and that is that AIDS exists and no one is immune regardless of age or how many sexual partners they have . Kids is the only film that really tells a story the mainstream moviegoers find too depressing . Larry Clark has the guts to remind all of us of what 's out there . If living in a fool 's paradise is your choice , avoid this film . If you want to really understand the dangers facing your kids , watch this . Its real , its true and it could be your own kid.This is the movie all parents and all teens should see . It will never become dated . Kids will make you realize what lurks out there . Brilliant and frightening , it was the boldest film of the decade !
 Larry Clark 's powerful film is about kids -LRB- obviously -RRB- . The movie feels like a documentary . That 's because the movie knows its subject very well . Early on after Telly -LRB- Leo Fitzpatrick -RRB- makes love to a young girl with shameless voyeurism he walks out the door to meet his best friend Casper -LRB- Justin Pierce -RRB- . They begin to walk through downtown Manhattan on a really hot day . Telly talks about how he likes to -LSB- have sex with -RSB- young girls how he like to do it . They say it even as they pass by adults . Casper even takes a leak in the open in front of everybody . This first scene after the credits is the most powerful in the film . We realize that to these kids at least adults do n't exist . If we look even deeper we pickup that these two have no curiosities , interests , values , ideals or rules to live by . They simply do what they want when they want . It is hard to listen to young kids speak like this but still thats the way many kids talk and act in America these days . We go on and see that these two are part of a larger circle of friends . We meet them mainly in Central Park . Here is another poignant scene . Casper gets into a fight with another kid in the park for running into him on his skateboard . His friends come and help him and they beat up this kid so bad that he nearly dies . Do they care no they even spit on him when there done . These kids are basically wild animals on the loose . They have no feelings no regrets all they care about apparently is -LSB- having sex -RSB- young girls and getting money from their parents . Larry Clark 's powerful first film is right on one of the most disturbing i 've ever seen in my life . It 's also all true . Later we meet Jennie -LRB- Chloe Sevigny -RRB- . She had sex only once with Telly but now she is infected with HIV . As for Telly he could care less as he tries to make love to two virgins in one day . She runs after Telly to save the next girl who he tries to make love to . Unfortunately shes too late . Eventually they all wind up at someones house where these kids makeout have sex , do drugs and other crap . Even young kids who look only ten are in on the act . Yes its difficult to watch but Larry Clark 's film tells nuttin but the truth . It is difficult to believe that some kids go through this day in and day out but they do and they represent a failure at home church , school , society , and with friends.They would 've been netter off being raised in an animal farm raised only to basic and needful instincts of survival.As for performance these are the most realistic i 've ever seen in my life . We believe everything they say and or do is happening . The characters all look especially Telly and Casper fifteen years old . Leo Fitzpatrick gives the best performance in the movie . As Telly he sounds rude crude and has a bad attitude . His only interest in life is to `` devirginize '' young women . Everything he says sounds unwholesome and bad we almost want to deny this type of kid exists in America . Justin Pierce gives an excellent performance as Casper . He is basically along for the ride but nevertheless central to the action . He has the final line in the movie . It is `` Jesus Christ , what just happened '' . We wonder along with him to as we stare at him knowing he too has HIV now because he just made love to infected Jennie . Chloe Sevigny gives a powerful performance as Jennie . She is helpless , distraught and shocked . She runs around Manhattan looking for Telly and we struggle with her in an undeniably difficult quest . `` Kids '' needs to be talked about after its been seen for real man . `` Kids '' doe n't tell us exactly what it is all about . There is some form of a message involving safe sex -LRB- obviously a film loaded with promiscuous sex is -RRB- . But safe sex wo n't change these kids lifestyles or make them better people . When you watch Telly you realize something about him . His only things in life are to have intercourse , drink booze , do drugs and skateboard . The last thing he says is another powerful phrase in the film . He says `` take sex away from me and I really got nothing . '' Looking at his life you ca n't help but accept this as true no matter how hard . You listen to his voice and everything he says and understand why veryone needs their own mixture of philosophy , religion , ideals , curiosities , values , and rules in life that works for them and them only . All teenagers should see this film and if i could i would make standard viewing for everyone between the ages of 13 and 17 . This way we understand that without something to open our eyes to the better possibilities of life we might as well sit back and all just be like Telly and swing around with absolutely no curiosities or interests and have sex , drink booze , do drugs and watse away.Note
 to me personaly this is one of the best movies of all time its raw gritty and realalistic i wish more movies were as raw as this the only bad thing i can say about this movie is that the ending is a cliff hanger you never find out if Jennie tells Telly she got aids from him or what he does
 I first saw this in 1999 and i longed to see it again ... I finally saw in in 2005 and it 's still a film to see . The rawness and carefree attitude of the young kids lead them down a path of pleasure pain and fatalism.Way better than 13 which has a hollywood feel to it , this is seen from street level and features unknown stars who were picked up off the street and never acted again ... indeed many got involved in drugs after this film and moreso a few have died.This is a movie worthy of a viewing .
 I remember when I thought this film was controversial lol that is until I saw `` Bully '' Anyway this movie is about a boy who is obsessed with -LRB- ... -RRB- girls and well all the kids lives are pretty much full of drugs and sex . Good ending , what goes around comes around .
 Ever since I was 11 and this film first came out on the cinema , i wanted to watch it . All the contreversy surrounding it was appealing , but recently i wanted to watch it because i wanted to see if i could relate to it , being a teengager , but it was only untill a few days ago , i actually got round to renting it . Now most films you are eager to watch for so long actually turn out to be a load of rubbish , and i was afraid that this might turn out the same , but HOW I WAS WRONG!This is a REAL teen movie , a film which shows exactly what us teens get up to , although i must say as a depiction of most teenagers , it 's a slightly exagerated portrail of an average teenagers every day life , but still shockingly true anyway . Just cos this is a teen movie , by no means is it a sugar coated flick like never been kissed or loser , if I was to compare it with anything , i 'd have to describe it as , the breakfast club on speed and outdoors.Now many adults spoke out about this film and spoke out about how `` exploitive '' and `` outragous '' this movie was . But the truth is they ca n't deal with the fact that this goes on and is happening today , it goes on the street , why not show it on screen ? you show people getting mutilated , raped , you show family 's being killed by their kids , you show men waking up with dead horses next to them , and that 's acceptable but showing what teenage life is REALLY about is not ? Come on!If you do get shocked and upset from harsh scenes in movies however , I would advise not to watch it , It may seem harsh in some scenes in the movie , the beating in the park , the rape scene , the drug abuse , the sex scenes which are all shown in graphic detail , but if you watch it throughout right to the end , I do n't care , you 'll LOVE it.All teenagers above the age of 14 should watch this , especially girls , because this is what `` MOST '' guys talk about , with little respect for females -LRB- i should know , i 'm a guy ... at least i was last time i checked ! -RRB- Even if at times a little far fetched or only regarding a small amount of teens , this film has elements that every teenager can relate to . Avoid this movie at your peril , buy it NOW!Peace .
 This movie is one of the best i have seen in years . it depicts the lives of young adults being curious and shows how easily virgins can be persuaded into things that they will regret the rest of their lives .
 Its kind of hard to base your opinion on this movie because its real life , there are a whole lot of kids in the world exactly like this , so if you like to see the life of kids in the real world i would watch this movie . Of course not every kid acts like that
 Kids pulls no punches . It 's a slap in the face . A harsh 90 minutes that only gets more intense as it progresses toward it 's troubling and shocking climax.I do think this is a movie all people should see . I would even go so far as to say that pre-teens should watch this movie with their parents . Kids vividly illustrates how brutal life can be if you have no one to guide you . This movie is here to shock you . It 's here to tell you what could happen if children are n't given an education on sex , drugs and alcohol .
 well first off this is a explisit film , but it also shows the truth of the inner city youth of the time and of now too . to me this film really fits with how my life has been so it really was true to me . its also one of those films that bother you when u first see it but then u want to see it again and again or atlest it is like that for me . all and all i recomend this movie for those that can stand the hidden part of america or want to see what the darker side of youth life is like .
 If I did n't know any better , I would have thought this film was a documentary on troubled youth , not a movie . The actors did a great job with their roles . However , I 'm still not sure who was acting and who was n't . The film is about a distrubed teen , Tully -LRB- Leo Fitzpatrick -RRB- , who wants to de-virginize as many young virgins as he can . It 's about teenagers growing up too fast and the consequences . I liked it a lot , but it is n't for everyone .
 This movie hits you right in the face with reality . It opens your eyes as to how life for kids is tough these days . I found it to be one of the best movies i have seen because of the realism .
 No one is trying to pull the wool over your eyes with Kids . It is as real as a movie gets , focusing on the frightening world that big city teens live in today .
 Hey Kids-this one tells it like it is . The life of teenagers in America today , all the drugs , the alcohol , the illicit sex , and the dangers and diseases that follow . The film follows a group of kids in present-day New York through the course of a typical day of alcoholism and narcotics abuse . During the film , these NY teens engage in all the actions that your mother warned you about which culminate in a party at the end of the film that will stay with you for a long time . There are some great performances by some up-and-coming actors , especially Chloe Sevigny and Justin Pierce . Unfortunately Pierce hung himself in 2000 , so we 'll see no more of `` Casper '' , although he did have a minor role in `` Next Friday '' . I found the music in `` Kids '' to be quite compelling , and the visuals by Larry Clark are something to behold . If you have children , or are planning on having children , you owe it to yourself to see this film so that you can try to keep your own kids from ending up the way that the misbegotten youth in this picture did .
 I first saw this movie when I was 16 years old . I could n't believe it at first that this type of stuff happens everyday . I believed it to be staged and unrealistic but the truth of the matter is by age 19 I was that life . I was in the streets with people just like this and even worse . Its a daily accurance in todays society to see this happen . I was drugged out just like them by 22 and I felt the pains that have of them felt so I fully believe that the director not only knew what he was talking about I 'm sure he lived it at one time or another because of his accuracy in depicting life this way.I will always appreciate this film and still to this day recommend it to all of my friends and family
 More troubling than Kathy Bates ' nude scene , Kids is a raw , voyeuristic look at the ever-decreasing morality of teenagers , sinking lower with each successive generation of degenerates . Like a sucker punch to the stomach , this film shocks the senses and leaves a nauseating aftertaste , like the acid reflux of disgust.Following the daily meandering of delinquents , cotton-mouthed Telly -LRB- Leo Fitzpatrick -RRB- and soullessly bankrupt Casper -LRB- Justin Pierce -RRB- , an inside look at every parent 's nightmare is provided . Between massive sessions of drug and alcohol abuse , the two manage to squeeze in time for a savage beating at a skate park , breaking and entering , and non-stop parties . The shock of this movie , however , is obviously its brazen look at teen sexuality , as Telly and Casper talk ad nauseum about their desire for virginal conquests , regardless of the ever-increasing danger of AIDS . It takes the life-changing tragedy for Jennie -LRB- Chloe Sevigny -RRB- - one of Telly 's former sexual partners - to expose the truly despicable nature of Telly and Casper 's actions . Welcome to the urban edition of Lord of the Flies.The acting and teen life is jaw-droppingly realistic and accurate . Every day , teens seemingly get worse and worse , and Kids amps it up quite a bit . The sugar and spice of yesteryear is gone ; the fly on the wall ate it , and puked . I 'm still sickened at not only the actions of Telly , but also by the thought that such a goofy , ugly , mush-mouthed kid could accomplish what he so easily does -LRB- which I 'm positive happens in reality -RRB- . It 's not just the morals declining ; standards are dropping at an alarming rate.The best aspect of this eye-opening piece is the introduction of two young stars
 I am only 16 , but this film is truly amazing . If you have n't seen this excellent film , I reccomend you do . It 's good .
 After watching this movie with my 15 yr old daughter , we were able to talk more openly about sex . This movie was a real eye opener for her . The movie was very true , to the life of many teens .
 I first watched this movie when I was 15 years old , when the movie first came out on VHS . I loved it then , and just as much now ! It showed how wild the kids in America were . When I was 15 , I could relate to this movie . I was wild with parents that was n't around as much as they should have been . All I cared about was drinking , doing drugs , listening to music , getting laid and partying ! Not much has changed since then in America with kids being wild . Maybe , if more parents would watch this movie , they would know what to expect . I 've always loved this movie , and always will . When I received the DVD in the mail , it was in better shape than I expected . I 'm completely satisfied with my purchase !
 for parents and teens alike . although graphic , the message is still just as true today as it was when this movie first came out in theaters . the really interesting thing is that no matter where you live , this could be happening ... . very thought provolking ...
 As much as this movie may disturb it 's audience , it 's a painful reality of the world we live in today . I watched this film for the first time a few years ago , and I truly forgot how disturbing it was . I recently watched a TV show that mentioned it and I decided to buy it , and give it another shot . I definitely think a few years made a huge difference because the next time I watched it , although still disturbing , I realized what a powerful , and painful film KIDS is.This is a movie that is definitely not for young children . It is very graphic , and the constant reminder that the characters are in fact , Kids , is at times very off-putting and upsetting . However , it is an accurate depiction of how over-sexualized teens & young teens are today . It is a true testament of our society today . This movie deals with various issues like drug use , violence , STDs , AIDs , and even rape.KIDS is a painful , but amazing movie .
 The Bottom Line : Kids can be difficult to watch at times , but it 's not exploitative and offers a searing look at the ennui of modern youth as only Larry Clark can deliver .
 I watched this movie years ago and thought it would be best to purchase it . This movie is a wake up call for parents and young adults . There is a lot of vulgar language used in this movie but when you understand what the movie is all about then you will see why the language is used . If you are not from a urban city then you will not be able to understand the mindset behind this movie . This movie is not for kids despite the title of the movie .
 OK , so what was I doing at age 13 ??? Mom , wherever you are , THANK YOU for sheltering me from a world like this . I had to see this , and come on , you know the urge is killing you if you have n't yet . I caught myself peeking at my TV through my clasped fingers , trying desperately to shield myself from the gruesome , raw behavior of KIDS , but I could n't ignore the intensity.This movie is documentary-style fiction bringing the reality of teens , sex , and AIDS , right to your uncomfortable viewing pleasure . The actors -LRB- these kids . . literally -RRB- show us a world of unrestrained promiscuity that is at once shocking and crass.I keep going back and forth with this one , asking myself ... `` Could I show this to my own kids someday '' ? ... It 's like asking myself if I will ever be prepared for a tragic car accident.I found it interesting that in real life , many of these teen actors `` lost their way '' after this film became an independent favorite.Prepare yourself to enter a world of 13 yr . old hell . If you can relate to the imagery , you will find it disturbing . If you ca n't relate , you will find it disgusting . Either way , KIDS is not to be overlooked-let this film stand as a reminder of how admirable maturity is . If you can bear it , I highly suggest watching this film with your teen . I can see this film being an excellent introduction to the reality of promiscuity and unprotected sex . -LRB- Be warned
 With the arguable exception of occasional movies such as `` Thirteen , '' virtually all teen-oriented films are laughably sanitized compared to the shocking realism of `` Kids . '' Although technically a work of fiction , `` Kids '' has the look and feel of an in-your-face documentary . As such , it shows just how animalistic and self-destructive kids can -LRB- and often do -RRB- become in the absence of good parenting.Though some might consider that last statement a bit `` preachy , '' it is not intended to be . It is simply an observation of cause-and-effect . Why else would a kid like Telly -LRB- played brilliantly by Leo Fitzpatrick -RRB- be so obsessed with deflowering 13-year-old virgins ? Why else would the lives of the other kids portrayed in the film be so deeply entrenched in the non-stop pursuit of heartless sex and reckless drug use ? And why , through it all , would they be so completely indifferent and oblivious to the consequences of their actions?These are questions that `` Kids '' raises but thankfully does not attempt to answer . That is for the viewers themselves to do , hopefully with the realization that this movie is not nearly the exaggeration that many naive parents want so desperately to believe it is .
 Okay , Kids often feels like a documentary . It 's filmed in a very simple style , and the dialogue is so life-like that it feels unscripted . But it is scripted , of course , and the film is somewhat stylized . For all its alleged obscenity , it actually takes a fairly conservative stance . Casual sex is equated with AIDS , which of course is equated with death . It 's a classic cautionary tale , just written and acted in a hyper-real fashion . Of course , that is what makes it so effective . This film probably did more to promote abstinence than all the sermons in the world.It 's interesting to note that , for all his amorality , Telly actually has a bit of the romantic in him . His justification for seducing virgins is that they will remember him as long as they live . There 's something of the decadent aesthetic in that . And , as strange as it may seem , it 's touchingly naive . In fact , it 's the girls , not Telly , who are the most cynical about sex . Their conversation between themselves would have dashed all of his illusions , had he been around to hear it . It is a very perceptive , if unpleasant observation on the film 's part . This sort of attention to reality is what makes it so compelling .
 A film like this does n't need a script , because you can just have kids play kids . This is a harsh reality of how most teens are . So realistic infact that I was embarrassed for being a male , embarrassed for the human race and that 's how you know a film is good , when it raises emotions in you . My question is where 's the rest ? The follow ups ? What happens when the guy finds out he has an STD ? What happens to the 15 year old girl after her family finds out where she was ? What happens to the guy after his mom realizes he stole money ? A good film but it disgusts me too much to keep .
 The talk shows have been talking of kids like this for years . This movie is very realistic , graphic and almost documentary in style . The press always talks about kids as being so innocent but after seeing this movie you realise that kids can be wilder than adults . A similar movie to this worth getting is `` Thirteen '' -LRB- 2002 -RRB- directed by Cathrine Hardwicke .
 This movie is so real it made my mom sick ! This movie goes way beyond anything anyone could think of in the fiction world and to me is 10 times better then any fiction movie i have ever seen.Because it is real with in a fictional sense it is not a movie that many people would like . It shows the TRUTH about young adults -LRB- if you can even call them that , most adults i know are a lot more responsable with their actions -RRB- and how everyday life is with out parents that care and that are not part of their lives.We star out with Telly taking a virgins `` flower '' from her at a VERY young age , he lied to her and told her anything he could to get `` down her pants '' . after the job is done and he is leaving the house , you can tell that he has no respect for himself or the girl by leaving a `` goodbye present '' of spit on her table . The movie goes on to show a whole day of fighting , drugs , sex , and partying ... not to forget about Jenny the girl that lost her virginty to Telly the summer BEFORE and is now HIV + ... this movie will have you dazed at the realism and the power it leaves long after it is viewed . I personlay think they should show it in school 's , show kids what really happeneds when you dont listen to mom .
 I thought the movie wast great . It sure gave me a good look into teens . I guess this is reality for some people . I have never seen such good acting in my life . This movie takes you down that emotional road . Im picky when it comes to movies and I have to say this was the best one I have seen yet .
 please dont tell me that you are so naive to think that the activites that took place in kids dont occur . im not saying that every teenager in america behaves like the characters in kids , but obviously you 'd be surprised at the percentage of teenagers that do behave in that manner . overall i thought it to be an accurate portrait of kids into that particular `` scene '' . i think the movie accomplished exactly what it was supposed to do for the below viewer -- shock the viewer while not exaggerating what is actually going on in teenage society ... WAKE UP !
 This movie reflects today 's society and the true life of most kids in the nation . This movie captures an era known as Generation X. I felt this movie to be very powerful in showing the things that most kids are out there doing that parents just do n't know about . This is definitely one movie that will stand out for generations to come .
 Wether if everything depicted in this movie it 's all completely real or an episode far away from reality seems to be the big deal with this movie . If you want to stick educational interests and add morale nuances to it , fine . Indeed the title suggests that this is what happens with kids , in an open , general statement . It is a powerful tool to tell kids to watch out and be careful with drugs and unsafe sex.But you could also see it as an out-of-the-average success . After all , if we are to take this movie 's facts as real and average , most teens in America and the rest of the developed world would be infected with AIDS , addicts to a multitude of drugs and making their families disintegrate . This is more likely to represent a dramatic moment in the life of some teens that might not represent the whole teen world . It can be documentary if we look into some specific groups of teens growing up in frantic , highly developed cities like New York . That 's it . The whole debate of `` kids '' showing what average kids do today is a little absurd.Instead I 'll focus on the technique and the mastery of filming , character developing and storytelling . The film is powerful and delivers a high level of impact because of this as well as for the raw , rude images . The mixed elements became a singular whole , in the same way blacks , hispanics and whites team up against others or to have fun . The melting pot culture can be felt in the story almost as good as in the way the movie is done.At the bottom line , this is a movie that can be experienced by such a wide range of different people . Teens can relate to some or even all events depicted . Relaxed parents can star thinking they do not care enough for their babies . Artists and creators can witness a movie developed with flawless , accurate skills and with a hardly-seen-lately-in-movies punch and thrill . It deserves to be a popular film in all senses . Whether if you can relate to the facts or not , watch this . And make people in your life watch it . It can be for information , emotion or love for the movies . Or just for the hell of it .
 Excellent movie ... one you need to think about after watching ... one to talk about with friends later .
 When I watched `` Kids '' for the first time , I literally had to pick my jaw up off the floor when I was finished with it . It 's amazing how you can live in New York City your whole life , yet never be exposed to the kind of lifestyles portrayed in this controversial film . The scariest part about this film is knowing that even though it takes place in a 24-hour time period , these kind of events happen every day . To these kids , `` devirginizing '' , drinking , getting high , skinny dipping , and getting into brutal fights are every day activities . Although this film may raise some parents ' eyebrows , it is something that I personally think all kids should see . This movie definitely scared me straight . The movie is nothing short of unbelievable .
 this movie is funny . if you are a teen i recomend itit is totally disgusting tho !
 This was a very thought provoking movie . I think I 'm just attracted to deppressing movies ... I really could n't find anything worng with this movie . I do n't think it 's a `` slap in the face '' though . Most people know these kinds of things are going on . It 's nothing new , but this film documents this type of life well .
 i though that this was a very good movie
 Being a teen boy I wanted to see this movie for all the hot chicks . To my disappiontment there was n't any . Just a bunch of guys having sex and walking around shirtless and showing us their rear ends . Justin Pierce `` Casper '' , the blonde boy at the guys house that was shaking , and kid urinating near Casper are hot . We get to see all of them shirtless . If you get the Widescreen DVD on the far left you can see Justin 's behind in a graphic rape/sex scene . RIP Justin I will miss you ... you were so hot .
 Not the best but hey its got it 's points . . minus some parts like the sex/rape part . . schools should show it too middle schoolers and highschool kids ... . parents also should check it out ... not much of a shocker for me , i knew when i was a teen this stuff was going on . . check this movie out also check out the movie '' gummo '' , '' pups '' and '' bully '' ... '' bully '' happend a couple of blocks from my house ...
 Brilliant eye-opening encapsulating look at teenage `` innocence '' in NYC . This movie is not a message , but merely a statement ! A Statement that the young in this country are left to fend alone in a cruel world , with predators and prey , with no referee . The visuals in this movie might frighten you , if it does that 's the point . While this movie might seem to be glorifying of the pitfalls it shows you . The real question is what are our kids doing ?
 I was 14 when I seen that movie for the 1st time and I was SO stoked on it because when adults make documentary about kids they usually go for a sweeter , fairy-tale style approach . That movie is much more hardcore because the Kids in it cuss all the time , steal and drink forties , smoke blunts , skateboard and f**k . It 's real enough for teenagers to relate to the characters and what 's great about that movie is that there is actually something to learn from it . It 's just a shame that Justin Pierce -LRB- Casper -RRB- committed suicide because he was such a great actor in that movie , or was it acting ? That movie is real , word .
 Yes the film is stark , filled with unredeming characters , unapologetic , remorseless , rude and possibly obscene . None of thecharacters gets what they deserve and none seem to have any real conception of life or fun . This film is painful to watch and shows only the dark grim side of life for these kids . Is there a light side ? I do n't know , should it show a light side , should it have even a single character we can feel sympathy for ? NO . The film is very pure and plays very strictly by it 's own rules , pulling no punches . whether it 's stupidity , drug use brutality or the rape of a minor there is no turning away , and no polite little nods to help you accept that this only a movie . Whether you believe that people like this exist or not , the movie does n't care , as far as it is concerned they do and having made that decission it plays entirely fair , maybe too much so . No there are no heroes or angels here and morality does seem on a holliday , but it could be worse , it could be Disney .
 `` Kids '' is one of the best films of the 1990s . Over five years since it has been released nothing has changed , this I know from personal observation . Larry Clark and Harmony Korine created an incredibly accurate portrait of today 's youth . No parents present -LRB- because they have to work or because they do n't care -RRB- , no hope , no conscience , and plenty of time to waste . It is episodic like real life and the kids playing the kids are frighteningly real . Anyone who is disgusted and shocked by `` Kids '' is likely to be one of the people who would say , `` my kid is n't like that '' and be absolutely wrong . I 'm sorry to say that I think that the kids as portrayed in `` Kids '' are not the minority , but the majority . Alcohol and drug abuse is widespread amongst teenagers and even pre-teens . So is reckless sex . `` Kids '' is absolutely authentic .
 Awsome movie it will wake you up and make you really think about what is going on in the world and with young kids .
 This film is disturbingly fantastic . The raw depiction , in almost documentary form , shows young people dealing with the frightening , real horrors of a predator/prey sensibility resulting from oppression , peer pressure and a need to belong . NOT for kids .
 It may make your pre-teen or teenager uncomfortable to watch , but it will open their minds and get them to think which is exactly what we want for them to do . At least that 's what I want my 3 daughters to do . Think . Think before reacting to all horomone drunken thoughts . I had to watch it when I was a teenager and so do they . Anyhoo , good buy .
 `` Kids '' was very controversial when it first came out 13 years ago , and it still packs a punch today despite the rise of the internet age and reality TV . This story of a day in the life of a group of NY teenagers is so gritty , so immersive in its delivery , that it really does feel like a documentary . After watching I was struck by the thought that this was the best ensemble acting performance I had ever seen . Not one of the actors -LRB- other than perhaps Chloe Sevigny -RRB- seemed like they were acting . They projected 100 % authenticity in re-creating the carefree energy , immaturity , and menace of adolescence . As a film , `` Kids '' does n't really succeed , but as a look inside the world of urban teenagers from the wrong side of the tracks , it is painfully realistic . If you are a very sensitive person it might be difficult to watch it all the way through , but if you appreciate fine acting and truth in film-making , give `` Kids '' a try . In terms of the DVD , the only extras are a couple of trailers . The lack of a commentary track with the director and the performers is unfortunate , but we 'll just have to hope they put out a special edition one day . `` Kids '' deserves that much .
 Kids is a shocking piece of reality that was directed by Larry Clark . It follows some New York teenagers around for the 24 hours . What follows are unscripted , raw , and sexually explicit images . This movie got me thinking about most of the kids that I hung out with in high school and how most of them ended up screwing up their lives . One of the kids that I hung out with ended up dead . For those who get easily offended especially by sexual images -LRB- the main reason why KIDS is rated NC-17 -RRB- please stay away from this movie . For those who want to change the direction that today 's teenagers are going , I recommend this movie -LRB- especially to show in high school sex education classes -RRB- . For parents , PLEASE watch this movie with your pre-teen or teenager .
 BOY , THIS DIRECTER SHURE KNOWS WHAT HE 'S DOING . THIS MOVIE SHOWS SOCIETY WHAT KIND OF KIDS ARE GROWING UP AND WHAT HAPPENS TO THEM WITHOUT GUIDANCE . THIS SHOULD STICK INTO THAT CATAGORY OF `` MOST IMPORTANT FILMS OF THE CENTURY . '' NOT ONLY IS THE PLOT SUPERB , BUT THE ACTING IS JUST AS RIGHT . THIS STORY FOCUSES ON AIDS AND UNCONTROLLED SEX . THE CASUALTIES , AS SHOWN IN THIS VIVID WINDOW TO TRUE LIFE , ARE MORE THAN DEVESTATING . THEY ARE DISTURBING . THIS SHOWS WHAT VIEWERS NEED TO BE SHOWN . NOT PORN RELATED MATERIAL , BUT LIFE , AND WHAT IS HAPPENING TO THE CHILD 'S SOCIETY
 This movie is the real stuff some teens have to go through . Teens got to realize that being a bad@$$ is n't that great of a game . Parents got to realize that whatever they went through in their teen years is not the same as what teens go through now . They should stop `` bragging '' and start believing what teens go through today . Rules are meant to be broken . Its a natural thing people grow up with . Called Rebellion . Everybody does it , just matters how you do it .
 Ilove this film . It really does show what is all to common to teens today.I am 14 and i saw the film with a friend of mine and to my knowledge he was more sarced to have sex that night than i was.We then realize this movie can scare the hell out of us why not others.This movie has been to shown to over 300 teens in my schools as a sex ed project and trust me when i say it has saved so many lives that i am getting an award for this film.So it may not make a difference to some but it is to real for teens who deal with this day to day.So i say 5 STARS !!
 This movie is like a summary of the past few years of my life . Although some of you may believe that no real teens act like this , there are . Mabye you hung with a different crowd then me . But I can swear I 've experienced almost the exact same thing as the teens in this film . If you are a parent ... beware this movie may want you to lock your children up and never let them out . But , it could possibly become their reality . See this movie !!
 Kids portrays how it really is with the youth of Generation X and invites the viewer to enter the minds of its characters . Raw and in your face ! Irresponsible behaviors but truthful and authentic . Great on location shots of Manhattan , NY are a big A plus . Leo Fitzpatrick and Rosario Dawson 's performances where great ! I love this movie , I 'm glad I have it in my collection .
 I actually did not watch this movie . However , a male co-worker told me about it and he said it made more of an impact than any school or parent discussion . He said it scared him and definitely made the point that people are n't always what they seem . Unprotected sex and drug use can change the rest of your life for the worse . I bought this DVD for my 14 year old son . My co-worker said that it is by no means a disney movie and very blunt but true to life . I took his word for it . I know how I am and I did not watch it because I would n't have wanted him to watch it .
 ` Kids ' is straightly put , one of the most difficult movies you will ever be able to sit through . That is , if you CAN sit through it all . I only did because I already have such a desensitized nature so watching continuous crude and derogatory sexually perverse language and acts for 90 minutes is n't something that will really make me flinch , although I do admit , it did disturb me . I admit I only purchased this film and viewed it because of all the controversy surrounding it upon its initial release back then , and never actually got a chance to see it.The film is captured in a documentary style , yet is a completely scripted and fictitious story . It is inspired by the behavior of many inner-city youths during the 1990 's , and THANKFULLY due to films like this , and many other advances in sexual education for children , statistics do show that these days in 2012 , teenagers are not as fleetingly irresponsible regarding their sexual safety as they were back then . Therefore , in a way , this film is not really all that necessary anymore , as in 2012 , this film does not correctly portray the lives of what society used to see as an endangered youth of America in the mid-90s . ` Kids ' tells the very simple story of a few sexually irresponsible and gravely immature teenagers . The movie follows them throughout what seems to be a span of 1 or 2 days during a hot city summer of what I 'm guessing is New York City when school is out . The main characters are a boy named Telly and his friend Casper , who really do nothing but try and up their sexual conquest with various girls they are friends and acquaintances with . We open the film with Telly as he is sweet-talking a very young girl -LRB- who is probably about 12 or 13 -RRB- , and proceeds to have sexual intercourse with her . Right off the bat , I would imagine many people shutting the movie OFF within the first 5 minutes , as watching two teenagers have sex in a film is downright disturbing to say the least . It is a fairly long scene that lasts a few minutes . Yet we know nothing about this boy Telly and at first the audience will buy into everything he is telling this young girl . Now as Telly walks out and sees his friend Casper , does the non-stop flux of crude sexual language begin , and literally DOES NOT END throughout the entire duration of the film . We see scenes of them and their friends , talking more trash , smoking cigarettes and pot , drinking , etc. . We also catch a scene of a group of teenage girls whose sexually derogatory language is just as bad as the boys . They speak of their own sexual conquests and even though they admit to being mistreated , they shockingly seem to take pride in such behavior and disrespect of themselves.Keep in mind that the language used in this film is very outdated by today 's standards . Kids speak in regular ebonics to a very annoying degree . Yet , at the time , that 's the only way lots of teenagers used to speak , as it was sort of the `` in '' thing to do . So yea , just a film where white teenagers are constantly tossing out terms like `` a-ight , yo , word up , '' etc. . It 's silly , but hey , it 's what was prevalent back then.The real plot begins when 2 of these girls decide to take an HIV exam at a local clinic . One girl I might add is played by a young Rosario Dawson , in what is perhaps her first ever movie role . No , she is in no way cute in this film even though she is very young , her sexually disturbed character will pretty much kill any charm she might have had . Anyway , it turns out that her and her friend Jennie both test differently for the disease . Jennie is positive , while Rosario 's character is HIV negative . This is ironic considering that in the film , Jennie has only slept with 1 boy , and that is our main male lead Telly . Rosario 's character on the other hand has had about 10 different partners , yet is completely clean . So after this Jennie decides she needs to find Telly and tell him about her disease , and to also inform him that he is also HIV positive . Yet though Telly does not know he has this disease , he continues to sleep with as many girls as he can , and makes a big deal about only going after virgins.As we follow these characters throughout the film we do n't really learn much about them , yet the film really holds up simply due to the character 's graphic behavior . In the infamous fight scene -LRB- which surprisingly enough gave this a non-rating , even though the rest of the film could have very easily done that ... the fight scene was probably the cleanest scene in the WHOLE FILM considering the stuff these kids pulled -RRB- we have the group of friends beat a man senseless due to a petty argument because Casper accidentally bumped into a guy at a park while riding his skateboard . The man is beat nearly to death.The film introduces some newer characters towards the end , young friends of Telly and Casper who are even younger , probably about 12 years old , and are on the very same road to sexual and behavioral destruction . It 's simply way too sad to watch because we know these children will eventually ruin their own lives due to their own pride and foolish behavior , but seem to have absolutely NO parental guides or role models to follow whatsoever . The only interaction with any parents is with Telly and his mother who is at home with Telly 's baby brother . Their relationship is sad and pathetic as they seem more like roommates than a mother and son . We also get a glimpse of Casper 's perverted mind as he oogles at Telly 's mother breastfeeding the baby.Now when it comes to that night , all the kids want to do is party some more . In a pool scene we watch as a different young boy becomes very enticed by a young girl who is part of their friend group , and makes frightening advances because he wants a kiss from her . If things went far enough , we get the feeling that the kid would perhaps have raped the girl , but of course that did n't happen . The fear only goes to show how good these performances were , and as the viewer , you can not help but become convinced by every single shot of it . The documentary style helps this feel so much more real than it really is.Things culminate with a final party scene where our female lead Jennie gets drugged by a friend , and still proceeds to find Telly . Telly and Casper try for more sexual conquests , and lots of teenagers passing out and vomiting . Just an extremely sad scene that is effectively disturbing . One can not sit and believe that many teenagers actually USED to act like this . The thought is so heart-breaking that children can be raised and ignored in society so much that they build a life on looking for only fleeting pleasures , and have no aspirations for themselves whatsoever.So to not give anything away regarding the outcome of Jennie and Telly , the film ends on a low note , as a final rape scene puts the nail right in your heart 's coffin , and we see how things end with just more implied hopelessness from these teenage characters . This truly was a very sad time for many of America 's youth . You leave the film with a sickened feeling , about how people could be so ignorant , or could HAVE BEEN , so ignorant towards children as to not lead them in a better direction . But then you remind yourself , hey , this is 2012 , not 1995 , children do n't really have these types of behaviors to this degree nearly as much as they used to . They also do n't speak the same way , as ebonics has thankfully been more or less ignored in regular speak in 2012 by many . ` Kids ' is a very effective and disturbing documentary , but thankfully , it is also very outdated . While many will mistake the disturbance the film causes to be due to a poorly written and directed movie , many others will take notice that the reason the movie is so well made is BECAUSE of how disturbing it is . By the end , even though there is not much characterization , you still feel a certain something for the characters , and still have a heart for them . Because , in the end , they 're just kids . So really , because this film is so relative towards its time era , it really is n't necessary anymore . Many who watch this now should definitely not take it so such heart , but instead do what I did - watch the film as an either an analytical piece , a piece of history , or just to see what all the hoopla was for back in the 90s . Just keep in mind that it IS disturbing , and offensive in many areas . So while it 's too strong for many , others will no longer take this as the original life lesson it was first presented to be , but instead as a film where you just want to see what all the fuss was about .
 Excellent product , excellent seller . Wonderful to do business via Amazon . This DVD movie K.I.D.S was nearly impossible to find anywhere , but happily found it on this site . Highly Recommended .
 All I can say is , I realized the reason this movie was n't sold in the US REAL quick . Thank you !!
 I bought this dvd for my personal use and to share with friends because there is a lot of cases regarding the transmission of HIV in my country -LRB- Belize -RRB- and I believe that this dvd really opened a lot of eyes that were closed . It 's very useful when trying to speak to individuals in a suttle way.Spink
 I purchased the above movie a few weeks ago , unfortunately i only got a chance to watch it on thanksgiving day , but it is not in english , and i do n't have the original receipt , can you tell me how i can go about replacing it for the english version . Thank you .
 well casted movie with intense subject matter . Exaggerated at times but many times shockingly true .
 Clark takes the daily life of most teenagers today and puts it on film for all the world to see . A great way to scare your kids from having unprotected sex in case you need a visual backup .
 This movie was to real for me . I totally related to each charcter in the movie . It teaches you things you will cherish for years .
 me and a group of friends -LRB- all in our teens -RRB- , thought this was going to be another voilent and sexually explicit video . What we got was a deep message of how meesed up teenagers really are . After the final dialauge , we all sat in silence , realizing how uncool sex and drugs really are . This movie is a powerful tool in helping kids see reality .
 This is a movie that i will keep , and watch with my children in their teen years , or maby preteen years.This is a movie that every parent , and teenager must see .
 I think this movie is heartbreaking , but amazing . I saw this a long time ago , and I recently went Best Buy and bought it , and I watched it again , thinking this is about four times worse then the movie `` thirteen '' in terms of kids getting in trouble . I love how it shows the downside to having sex - most shows and movies just have the characters go all out , like on `` Friends '' and not have any consequences . I think it 's good that they show someone with HIV and Telly probably has it too . I think it sucks though that Jenny could n't tell him in time , or Casper would n't have wanted to rape her then , if he had known . I really think that you should buy it , watch , but do n't let your kids watch it unless they 're headed down the wrong path .
 KIDS , is an excellent film that i consider to be more of a documentary than a movie . For those of you who write bad reviews of this fil , or say that they dont like it , I am completely amazed . If you cant handle this movie then you cant handle the truth of what some of America 's teenagers do and how they think on a regular basis . Being 15 I know first hand that teens -LRB- especially teen guys -RRB- act and think how Telly and Casper do in the movie . This is just an entangled day of twist and turns displayed through the many diferent emotions that teens face . So what if this movie may not have a happy ending ? So what if the characters seem hopeless and seem as if they will do nothing with their lives ? Thats just a little something called reality ... I 'm happy that this movie had the guts to show that there are not always solutions to every problem , and that things dont always work out for the best . Way to go Larry & Harmony .
 While the content of most of the reviews here I skimmed is true , the kids in this movie are ultimately pathetic human beings and a good advertisement for not having kids you do n't have time for.The few instances of parents observed are the type that have no control over their own sad lives -LRB- Telly 's pathetic chain smoking breast feeding single parent mom -RRB- and as such were in no postion to give their kids any worthwhile or even interesting goals for their own lives.This movie is pretty much like Saturday Night Fever , only younger kids and minus any Tony with his undefined dreams of dancing to give it any charm.The kids are all stupid and unoriginal hedonists who are probably parodying the missing adults in their lives , dringing , smoking and trying to get laid in awkward and stupid ways.The girls in the movie all completely lack any self esteem and apparently any street savvy whatsoever , weird for NYC , as they all will apparently believe any line any loser teenage boy with nothing going for him will throw at them . The girls in this movie are all victims - of their own deficiencies and of the stupid hormone driven boys who prey upon them.When I was in middle school and high school I hung out with a weird mix of geeks and druggies , both groups from the middle class through the poor -LRB- the poor ones all had to work to help support their family -RRB- . Sometimes we would encounter kids like the ones in this movie -LRB- stupid , mostly lower middle class , pedestrian and limited mentally -RRB- and I can remember wondering sometime what their sad seeming lives must be like . This movie showed me and its pretty much as bleak and a waste of time as I imagined.This movie is worth seeing but to interpret this movie as a statemnt about what all kids are like is insulting to the half-way intelligent and/or ambitious and/or talented kids in the world .
 I love this film and have for years . I know alot of people were disgusted by it ... `` that 's not how kids really act ! '' . Sadly that is how some do ... and some do n't . It wont be an easy pill for some to swallow -- and for others it may be all to familiar.The recording is shakey ... but that 's sort of a signature of the directors.Basically if you ca n't handle the thought of kids on drugs , having sex , dealing with hiv , being in gangs ... dont watch this .
 A very good movie that not many have seen from what I 've heard . Great cinematography , and very insightful into the world of teenagers .
 First of all , I would like to say that this is possibly one of the realest films I have ever seen . It really proves a point , and the way it has a real-time feel makes it more realistic , compared to other supposed `` similar '' films , like Thirteen . Which brings me to my second point.This movie should not be compared to Thirteen , because Thirteen is not nearly as shocking , graphic , or believable . It gets one star in my book ; also the plot and the characters were quite boring to me.Even though KIDS takes place in New York City , which is one of the biggest cities , this kind of behavior takes place everywhere . . this is the truth . In fact , I was friends with kids like Casper and Telly in high school , which sort of made the shock value of this film significantly less for me . Reguardless , the AIDS situation is quite realistic in this movie . It definitely makes you think before your next endeavor with a sexual partner.The soundtrack also made this movie awesome to me . Sebadoh and The Folk Implosion make great music , along with Slint , who 's song is not in the movie , but on the soundtrack.To all of you teenagers bashing this movie , claiming this does not really happen
 This is one of the best independent movies of all time . It depicts the lives of some high school students that live in the inner city , and goes through a few days of their lives . It will open your eyes to how youth think and really act .
 KIDS has to be one of the greatest movies ever made . I could watch this movie just about every day . One scary aspect of this movie is the fact that this is just about how about half of the people i know live this way.I THINK THIS MOVIE WAS EXTREMELY SAD AS IT WAS TEACHING . I FELT SORRY FOR DARCY AND FOR JENNY . TELLY DID NOT EVEN KNOW HE HAD THIS VIRUS , AND WAS GOING AROUND INFECTING THESE VIRGIN GIRLS ONE BY ONE . WHAT WAS GOOD ABOUT IT WAS THAT JENNY WAS TRYING TO SAVE DARCY FROM SHARING HER FATE , BUT SADLY IT WAS TOO LATE.I THINK ALL TEENS SHOULD BE SAT DOWN BY THEIR PARENTS AND WATCH THIS MOVIE SO THEY WO N'T SHARE THE FATE OF THE CHARACTERS IN THIS MOVIE ...
 I was 14 when this movie came out , and I did n't want to rent it at home with my parents , so I never saw it until now , 10 years after the release . I wish I had seen it when I was the age of those portrayed . I grew up in suburbia , but there were skeezy guys even there who cared more about scoring than about a girl 's life . All kids should watch this , especially girls , so they know what they 're up against . The `` coolest guy on the block '' could actually me the most disgusting and someone you should avoid at all costs.This is an exceptionally bleak portrait , and it is n't representative of all of America 's youth . It was eye opening to see what a lack of purpose and direction these urban youths had , how they had nothing to lose , even at age 12 or 13 , nothing to look forward to . I recommend this movie to everyone at least once .
 I think it 's pretty funny that one of the reviewer 's uncles rented the movie to watch with his nephew because he thought it was for young kids ! In 1995 , this movie caused a huge stir . It was on the news , it was panned by the critics for being exploitive , etc. . You would have to be pretty isolated not to have heard about it.It was also , I believe , Chloe Sevigny 's first film . And she is terrific . The rest of the people in the film are amateur actors and Larry Clark 's first film feels like a student film . But somehow , it comes off as artistic . I think the mistake people made is that this was some sort of `` warning '' or `` life lesson '' film . Larry Clark just thought it would be a good theme for a movie ; to take a different route to explain teenage behavior and how the adult world continues to misperceive them . As for taste , the film is more voyeuristic than pornographic , and to tell you the truth , it 's lost its shock value over the past nine years.So I suggest
 Now I must start out by saying this is not the best movie ever made nor the worst . However , it is really hard to forget.LeoFitzpatrick in a horrible , but again unforgettable performance plays Telly , a punk kid whose life revolves around deflowering young , extremely young virgins.Now besides the fact he is deflowering 12 year old girls and certain things like that , he also has HIV and does n't realize it.The person who comes to realize this is Jenny -LRB- Academy Award Nominee Chloe Sevigny `` Best Supporting Actress `` Boys Do n't Cry '' -RRB- who tests positive for the virus from her one night with Telly . Now after the opening scene which features Telly with a twelve year old girl buttering her up to get in her pants , he goes out to meet his friend Casper and they go shoplift some beer and end up at a flophouse.Telly then tells Casper he has his eyes set on yet another virgin named Darcy.Meanwhile we have Jenny searching the streets trying to stop Telly before he spreads the virus.Now people may ask how Telly has HIV when all he likes is virgins.Well , could it possibly be because one of the girls was n't a virgin ? I 'm just sayin ' . Anyway the film is well written but takes too long to get to the point.The ending of the film is so genuinely sick that it 's almost likeable.From the opening sequence to fade out `` Kids '' in an unforgettable sick film
 I think that this movie was interesting on the basis of that this is what some kids , not all by any means , but some , go through everyday . I think that this movie is very accurate in portraying the lives of these few select `` kids '' with adult issues and problems.I highly recomend this movie
 `` Kids '' is an outstanding work of art and poetry . Reality is not always a pretty thing , and this movie shows us that . The actions and situations portrayed in `` Kids '' are true to life , not exaggerating anything . `` Kids '' gives us an insight into the part of our society that we , as grownups , have come to look away from and ignore . This is how our kids grow up in the city and the suburbs . At some point in the lives of our children , they will run into this kind of adolesent lifestyle , and we as parents need to be aware of the trials and tribulations that our kids must go through to reach adulthood in these modern days . Children are growing up faster and faster , we wonder why ; and then Clark shows us the reality that we have shut our eyes to since the days of our own childhood and wakes us up to what is really going on . We do n't want to see it , but it is definately there . An excellent movie that everyone should watch and learn from .
 im a kid too.What I saw in this movie made me realize that i should be more cautious.only takes one time . So to those who are dissing this movie you must be in denial . Great Movie . but very sad.Its hard to believe this really happens
 This movie was one of the best i have ever seen . it vivid , realistic , and a bit sad toward the end . people were complaining about it in 1995 , because it was a little raunchy , but hey , that doesnt mean it 's bad . just a really excellent movie .
 . . DO N'T BE NAIVE . . THIS DOES HAPPEN . . THANK GOD SOMEBODY DECIDED TO SLAP AMERICA IN THE FACE SO THAT A COUPLE OF SHELTERED ADULTS WOULD LEARN A THING OR TWO . . GOOD , BLUNT . . RAW . .
 it was good . . it was real . . it was trashy , and most adults would probably deny that any of this really goes on , but it does . Do n't lie to yourself . . It happens , more than you think . Candid movie . Not pretty , but real .
 IT GAVE A SCARY LOOK INTO UNSAFE SEX.IT WAS SO REAL . IT CAN HAPPEN ANYWERE.TELLY AND CASPER ARE SOME OF THE BEST ACTORS IVE SEEN . THE MOVIE WAS AOSOME .
 It kills me when people say that Kids is an unrealistic discription of teen life . For one thing , the people who say that are 40 + and are hoping this is not what their kids are doing . Second , these kids were not living in the cornfields of Ohio , they were in the ghetto . They were not acting psycho , they were just being kids , reckless , searching kids . Just like me . I never once doubted the reality of this movie . I was just wondering why someone took so long to bust the Breakfast Club bubble of the 80s and tell the truth about the 90s teen . We do stupid things and think we have every right to do it . Why should anyone have control of our lives , it not rebellion , its God given freedom . This is how the teenage mind works . Those miniture `` psychos '' are going to grow up and inherit the world . BE PREPARED !!!! If your kid does n't know people who act like the characters in Kids , they ARE the person who acts like that .
 This movie is so truthful that its not funny . Sex , Drugs and Violence ... Thats what teenage life is all about and yet we are teenagers , we 're still just kids . This movie is AMAZING . The acting is SPECTACULAR . The dialogue is lightning fast and the directing is brilliant . This disturbing film MUST be viewed by every poitic and parent in the world . You cant go wrong with such a truthful film . BRILLIANT .
 This movie accurately portrays what city kids face day to day on the streets . I 'm sorry if folks in Ohio can not fathom such harshness of city life but this is how it is . I would know ... a 17-year old teen growing up here in NYC . And I know who the virgin busters are , where to get the primo snuff , underground raves , rumbles , etc. . Surprise surprise , KIDS is reality .
 There are many people who mindlessly pass this film off as a cheap excuse for kiddy porn . But as a teenager I can honestly say that this film is not at all far from the truth , I and people I know have been in various situations similar to those depicted in KIDS . Movies like this are very important for showing people what they refuse to acknowledge about the world and the people around them . My advice is to try to have an open mind when watching this film and dont believe what other people tell you when they try to pass it off as culpable trash ...
 This film reminded me of a quote of Spike Lee 's early in his career , when asked why he made films
 I think this is the only time I was fooled . Many films attempt to achieve a documentary feel within a fictional narrative . Usually , they fail miserably . `` Kids '' , however , got me hook , line , and sinker . I was amazed that director Larry Clark had managed to get seemingly unlimited access and unsparing raw footage of teenagers patrolling the streets of Manhattan . I only found out later that the whole thing was an expertly made fiction -LRB- although there are some clues ; I should have wondered how Clark got the p.o.v. shot of the kid getting beaten in the park -RRB- . The credit , I suspect , should be doled out in three equal portions.First , Clark himself . His cinema verite camera work is terribly effective . Some scenes consist only of him setting the camera up in the middle of the room , and swinging around from face to face to catch bits and pieces of conversation . An early sequence , shot in this way , contrasts what boys talk about -LRB- uh , sex and drugs apparently -RRB- with what girls talk about -LRB- more or less the same thing -RRB- , in a way that never feels scripted or rehearsed , but also does n't come across as amateurish or slapdash . The casualness of the direction allows for the casual story to unfold . It also allows those moments of high drama to stand out even more . Witness the aforementioned scene in the park , where dozens of young skaters beat up one unsuspecting tough guy . It 's gruesome and brutal stuff , but Clark 's camera never flinches . -LRB- Later , someone offhandedly asks , `` Do you think we killed that guy ? '' , a question that 's quickly brushed aside without a second thought , perfectly detailing the inherent nihilism that makes these characters so fascinating to watch . -RRB- Second share of the credit goes to the actors . A quick perusal through their filmmographies reveals no one had much more than amateur experience beforehand , and really only Chloe Sevigny has made any waves since . But in the context of `` Kids '' , they 're all wonderful . Leo Fitzpatrick , in what could have been a very unlikable role as Telly , is terribly charming when he needs to be , in a seedy kind of way . His buddy Casper , a near-brain-dead space cadet with a mean streak , is perfectly essayed by Justin Pierce . And Sevigny herself takes a wonderfully rigid , and then totally freaked-out turn as Jennie . These are the three biggest roles . But peopling the backgrounds are a vast menagerie of unknown actors and real-life street kids , none of whom ever strikes a wrong or false note . Most striking is a group of boys who Clark focuses on for one long moment at a party
 This movie really makes you think . not for the faint of heart . very raw and direct . leaves you thinking at the end . .
 Ever wonder what your kids are doing when they say they 're staying at a friend 's place over the weekend ? Ever think to yourself `` Im sure i had another $ 10 in there '' ... This movie is not only entertaining , but educational to both parents and adolescents . My only quam is that in some cases it glorifies the life these kids are living . No doubt in their own mind they are living in glory , however , the stark reality is quite the opposite , and i think this message gets blurred at times .
 This film shows clearly what most people try to hide or ignore
 there was alot of hype that this movie built up for itself before i finally came around and seen it . everyone was telling me that this was a really jacked up movie and they were right . they should show this movie in health classes in high school as a freakin wake up call.the actors/actresses in this movie are relatively unknown to me . i have never seen them in any other movies that i can think of off the top of my head . that just added even more to the realism of the story . all the characters are like people other people really know . about half the people in the story i could see replacing with my friends because that is how they act . all the conversations they held were just like the conversations me and my friends had back in high school.this movie is a little graphic , but that is how it is supposed to be . that is how it catches peoples attentions . if people say that this type of stuff does n't really go on then they need to get their heads out of the closet for a second and look around.overall , this is one of the best movies i have seen in a while . it is one of those eye openning movies that you really ca n't unsee , but you would n't want to . i do n't recommend this movie to anyone that is easily offended to an extended dirty vocabulary , but i do recommend this for just about everyone else . from the looks of it , this is a movie that you will either love or hate , not too much in between . chances are you are either gon na like the way you can relate to a story like this , or you are going to hate it because it stereotypes delinquent adolecent kids , or for the way they did the camera shots . i loved the movie for all these reasons .
 As a teacher , I recognize this behavior . I hear their conversations , and this is wide spread . As a grandmother of ten , I can see how parents are in the dark . Parents are in denial and as a college instuctor who teaches a service learning HIV/AIDS class , the facts are there . When I visit clinics and hosptials with my students , we see children 12 , to 15 -LRB- honor roll -RRB- infected with HIV , and AIDs , who did n't think it would happen to them . Our children are definitely into sex , and we as educators , parents , grandparents , aunts , whoever , we 've got to start paying attention . No , we do n't want them to have any sex . But they are ! As for Miss Yuck , who are you trying to impress , or perhaps you 're in the crowd that is n't into sex . I applaud you , but you are a minority . Look at the stats I 'm not blowing steam . Our kids are in trouble !
 This movie is 24 hours of kids being amoral creatures doing whatever strikes their fancy at the moment . Sex , drugs , beating on people , stealing , whatever keeps boredom at bay . There is no script to speak of , just watching them being themselves . One kid called Telly -LRB- about 15 or 16 -RRB- who has AIDS -LRB- and may not know it -RRB- likes young virgins -LRB- 12 to 14 year old girls -RRB- . He 's a predator with no conscience at all . Probably a sociopath . And his buddy Casper is a dumb punk who swills beer . He 's just as bad as Telly.I have no doubt that teens like this exist . They existed back in the '70s when I was a teen . I 'm sure most of the viewers of this disturbing movie do n't have children . Perhaps parents need to view this to see what unsupervised teens are doing . I 'm sure kids like this are not just only in the slums but in suburbia too . And small towns . And even rural areas.This movie is n't for the squeamish but if one parent watches and starts giving their child more attention it might be worth a sleepless night or a feeling of revulsion for them .
 History is not supposed to be this much fun !! ROAD TO NASHVILLE -LRB- 1967 -RRB- was one of the last of about two dozen low-budget country music `` musicals '' made during the 1960 's which played mainly in drive-ins and in the South . These movies seem to have existed for a chance for fans to see their favorites in color - few people had color TV during the early and mid 60 's , certainly very few among the middle-class and poor that made up country music 's prime audience during these years . When the prices for color sets went down and more country music programs began being broadcast in color during the late 60 's , these movies all but disappeared , I believe only two were released after this movie . ROAD TO NASHVILLE is a very honorable swan song for the genre , unlike most of the other movies which had very lame and long storylines usually involving `` D '' level actors and plots that took up half the screen time that should have gone to the singers , the `` story '' here is very slight -LRB- mercifully -RRB- and thus this movie packs in 38 performances by a far larger cast of singers than any of the other country films.Marty Robbins co-produced this film -LRB- he apparently very much wanted to be a movie star producing and starring in several low-budget films including a dragstrip melodrama and a western -RRB- and I guess he can be forgiven for giving himself sole above the title billing and a full five numbers , more than twice as many as most of the superstars on display here , after all it is his movie ! The Stonemans -LRB- also known as the Stoneman Family , amusingly billed each way here on different chapters -RRB- come in second with three numbers . One of the true comets of the country music industry , The Stoneman Family seemed on the brink of bigtime superstardom when this movie came out with their unique mix of bluegrass , folk , and old-timey country with a pop sensibility -LRB- note Donna Stoneman gives a go-go girl swing to her rhythm movements and their avante-garde bluegrass/rock indstrumental -RRB- . They were a huge concert act and had even crossed over to the then flourishing folk market and in 1967 won the CMA 's first Top Country Vocal Group award but as early as 1970 their major career was over probably due to the quick death of the folk scene at the end of the sixties and the limited audience for bluegrass . -LRB- You 'll probably recognize the other Stoneman girl , Roni , who a decade later became a regular on HEE HAW playing the harridan housewife in comic skits . -RRB- Webb Pierce , Faron Young , Connie Smith , Bill Anderson , Dottie West , Hank Snow , the Osborne Brothers , and Porter Wagoner each have two songs , Kitty Wells has a solo and a number with husband Johnny Wright , Johnny Cash and the Carter Family each have single numbers and then do the gospel song `` Were You There '' together . Waylon Jennings , Lefty Frizzell , Bill Phillips , Norma Jean , and Margie Singleton each have solo numbers as do the very obscure acts Don Winters , Bobby Sykes , and the comic team Quinine Gumstump & Buck none of whom I had ever heard of before -LRB- I suspect they were all part of Marty Robbins ' road show at the time . -RRB- As others have mentioned , this DVD has a lackluster sound , you will undoubtably play your television at full blast to enjoy it as much as possible and still wish the volume could be higher . The packaging is less than desirable with Rhino failing to give any real indication on the front and back cover of all the music gems on this DVD -LRB- a full list of the 38 tracks is on the inside cover -RRB- . At least one can be grateful for a very generous chapter index for each number making it very easy to play one 's favorite performances again and again.The singing is of course sensational and at least half of the performances were recorded for the movie are not just lip-synching to records . My favorite two tracks are two suprises to me , the Stoneman Family 's sensational rocking remake of `` Tupelo County Jail '' -LRB- often called `` Write Me A Letter '' and strangely called `` Send Me A Letter '' on the DVD -RRB- ; with their yellow sweaters , black ties , and 60 's haircuts , the Stoneman men totally bring back the era as do the girls with their Shindigish swinging to the beat . The other showstopper is Bill Phillips singing his hit `` Put it Off Until Tomorrow '' . Phillips had a rather short career at the top although he had several top tens ; this song was the very first Nashville success of 20-year-old Dolly Parton who wrote the song and sang distinctive chorus harmony on the record . I was hoping maybe this DVD would give a surprise and have the then unknown Dolly appearing along with Bill uncredited recreating the performance . Instead , the harmony is sung by Kitty Wells ' daughter Ruby Wright , who never really went after a solo career herself . Ruby proves to be a sensational harmony singer , blending better with Bill 's voice than even Dolly did on the record !! Mama Kitty performs one of her late career gems herself , a blunt stunner called `` A Woman Half My Age '' that was a top 15 hit in 1966 . This kind of honest , outspoken country song you are not going to hear on the radio today that 's for sure although it 's as timely as ever . It 's great to see Webb Pierce and Lefty Frizzell and the still quite young Faron Young still in there pitching and scoring on the country scene a good decade after the apexs of their careers -LRB- a Faron would remain a top level country star well into the 1970 's -RRB- and it 's easy to see why gorgeous , big-voiced Connie Smith was pretty much the top female singer in country music at this time . Also singing magificiently is Dottie West , who appears quite modest and conservative here , scarcely resembling the sexed-up glamour girl image she rode to the top of the charts in the early 1980 's when she was deep into middle age . The Carter Family do a lovely feminine spin on `` I Walk the Line '' . Despite it 's lacklustre sound , this is one DVD you will play over and over and get your money 's worth -LRB- even if it were n't so cheap in the first place ! -RRB- Marty , Webb , Faron , Dottie , Lefty , Hank , and all of the Carter ladies are now all gone and only a few of the surviving cast are still in there pitching at the Grand Ole Opry now so this little cheapie film is one to be cherished .
 A non-movie movie if there ever was one , ROAD TO NASHVILLE is a mid-60 's ` musical ' that features a host of then popular country-western songsters and about three dozen musical numbers . Doodles Weaver carries what little plot this film contains as a Hollywood talent scout who needs to sign a passel of country-western stars for an upcoming movie . Doodles Weaver , comedian , is an acquired taste , but since his between-song scenes last all of thirty to forty-five seconds his ability to wear out his welcome is effectively neutralized.The big stars include Marty Robbins -LRB- who produced the movie , -RRB- Kitty Wells , Faron Young , Porter Wagoner , Hank Snow , Webb Pierce , and many others . Save for Bill Anderson -LRB- I Love You Drops -RRB- and Robbins -LRB- El Paso -RRB- , not many top ten hits are performed . If you 're like me and a lukewarm fan of country music circa 1967 this will be a hit and miss affair . I 've never been that much of a fan of Webb Pierce or Faron Young , for instance , and sitting through their performances of songs I 'd never heard of was n't a great treat . And , for anyone who 's been irredeemably spoiled by CMT and MTV style videos , this heads on , singer-and-guitar-leaning-against-a-prop-fence presentation is going to come across as extremely static and uninteresting.On the other hand , the young Waylon Jennings in on hand , singing his Bob Dylan 's ` Ramona ' - esque ` Anita . ' The song was pretty forgettable , but it was cool to see the skinny , beardless Jennings before he went outlaw . And Waylon , along with everyone else , is NOT lip synching , a nice touch even though it might explain the rather poor audio quality . Hank Snow 's ` I 've Been Everywhere '' was fun . The show-stoppers , though , were the three songs performed by the traditional country Stoneman Family -LRB- where have they been all my life ? -RRB- and the Carter Family alone -LRB- I Walk the Line -RRB- and the perfect , incendiary Johnny Cash/Carter Family rendition of ` Were You There -LRB- When They Crucified My Lord -RRB- ? ` So , four stars for the stuff I like , a tolerable passing three for the rest of it . If Rhino keeps ROAD TO NASHVILLE bargain priced I 'd strongly recommend it to everyone .
 A treasure trove of late ` Sixties classic country ! Although the film itself is lamentably rickety and shoddily produced , the wealth of talent , drawn from several major labels , is truly astounding
 Judged by any objective aesthetic criteria this is an awful movie but its parade of the great and the good from country music of its era makes it a pure joy for lovers of the music ; for those who dislike country music and demand movies which are dripping with `` sophistication '' it will be purgatorial to sit through . The plot is not so much thin as anorexic - a movie executive of unbelievable stupidity is despatched by his boss to Nshville to sign up acts for a musical about country music . In the process he sees a number of performers and the overwhelming bulk of the picture is of concert footage of these acts . As befits his executive produceer stautus on the movie Marty Robbins gets the bulk of the action , performing five numbers including Devil Woman and El Paso , not to mention some dialogue scenes . He is as always an unalloyed pleasure to witness being in fine voice . The star is undoubtedly Johnny Cash . Lokking gaunt and emaciated , even somewhat scary he performs , with the Carter Family , a spartan arrangement of Were You There When They Crucified My Lord in a sepulchral voice that is chilling in its passion , intensity and conviction . The follow up song , a novelty ballad called The One on The Right , while fun , seems out of place after that highpoint in proceedings . Good turns from now grievously negelected greats like Lefty Frizzell , Hank Snow and Web Pierce make sure we do not stray too far away from honk tonk heaven . Factor in Connie Smith , Faron Young , Waylon Jennings -LRB- looking almost impossibly young -RRB- and some lively modern bluegrass from the Stoneman Family and this is an irresistible package for country music fans who feel this was a great era for the music , in an age a long way away from the polished `` Nashvegas '' sound of much modern country . The numbers are unimaginatively shot and the colur is watery but the music is what matters and it is largely excellentA treat for the ears if not the eyes
 The quality of the film would normally rate a lower score , but I actually remember seeing this same sort of film quality on the silver screen at movie theaters.Believe it or not , it was n't that long ago that we went to theaters which actually charged admission to watch first run motion pictures that were not in digital quality nor in full-surround high fidelity sound.The main shortcoming of this DVD is that there was no information about the cast and the performers.The film could have been renamed Road to Nashville History .
 Great intro to 1965-era country.Agree with the other reviews . At least half is poorly lip-synced -- including the many Marty Robbins pieces -LRB- he set up the movie . -RRB- Director and cameraman can be counted on to not show all members of the backup band -- especially not the steel guitar . Some upstaging by backup band members behind stars . If there is a nice instrumental break , the director splices video in of Doodles Weaver clowning.My favorites
 This is a great video of all the perfomers that are mentioned in the sleeve . But , the audio really does n't meet the mark as far as I am concerned . It is good , though . I recommend this video for anyone who is really interested in any of these stars . Just remember that the audio is a bit less than you might expect from a DVD .
 I watch this DVD over and over , a lot of good music and good performers.A great DVD for any country music fan .
 Watching this reasonable attempt at a movie begs the viewer to reflect just how far Nashville has come with it 's entry into mainstream America . First the good news ... no make that the GREAT news . The Stoneman family . I never knew Ronnie Stoneman and her luscious sister -LRB- is her name Donna -RRB- were so talented ! They are the surprise of the movie and clearly the most entertaining segments even considering how dated their dance moves may seem . Then there 's super hip Connie Smith in a Gold Spandex outfit years before anybody else contrasted by a very unhip Dottie West . Dottie must have seen Connie on the set and said `` hot dam ... now I get it '' ! Ralph Emory somewhere near the middle of the movie saves us from Doodles Weaver . In reflection you can see that the days of acts like Faron Young , Hank Snow , and some others presented here complete with covered wagon western motif outfits and insipid lyrics are numbered . Marty Robbins who uses this movie mainly as a vehicle for his crossover career does fairly well . Then there 's a scary looking Johnny Cash . I say scary because at this time in his career he still exhibits that explosive volatile musical genius that almost seems caged in this movie . Let 's say I would be afraid to take a parking space away from him at Wal-Mart and see him get out of his car and head towards me . Waylon looks and sounds great , Kitty Wells -LRB- surprisingly not so great -RRB- and most of the other acts are ... well ... sorry to say only fair at best . So why 5 stars ? Because of the historical value of looking back in time for what passed as country music and the precursor of what was to come . It 's all captured in this technically inferior but fascinating `` Hootenanny '' style extravaganza ! Be prepared to do a lot of scanning with your remote !
 Does it have a hoaky plot , yes.But it has a boatload of classic country & western stars , many no longer with us , also on board is the late Doodles Weaver.The PQ and AQ are not the greatest in the world , bot they are good enough where you can still enjoy the film.The master comes from Golden Key Video , I have never heard of them.The Rhino single disc is way OOP Full Screen and expensive , but Mill Creek has included the film in ANAMORPHIC WIDESCREEN the very affordable , Rare Cult Cinema , which also gives you 11 other films was well as this one , an awesome bargain !
 its a great way to shop its a very cheap pluce very fast i will always shop at amaze before any wher else
 The video was about what I expected it to be . Some good songs by Robbins and some touching scenes . Was not a disappointment .
 a ,1 , , , , one hundred percent recomended ; ; ; ; ; a brillent dvd i play this dvd every night , it is full with all my favourit country music , i just think it is a , a ,1 plus , , , , , , , ,
 I liked this movie pretty much and the story was somewhat very interesting . Kari Wuhrer played the role of a scorned wife who 's husband committs suicide after being fired from his job . Afterwards , the plot thickens and gets more and more exciting because this is where Kari 's poison starts kicking in and causing some brutal damage . It 's a fascinating murder thriller that will keep you entertained till the end . BEAUTY COULD N'T BE MORE DEADLIER .
 Okay , Kari Wuhrer has been easy on the eyes ever since I 'd first seen her and I 've followed her career as closely as I can . The movie here is not at all bad , but there is an element of predictability involved in the plot
 I LOVE my murder mysteries and this movie is no exception . I 've watched it time and again . Perfectly written for the small screen .
 Poison is not a great movie , but it so entertaining that it does n't matter . Kari Wuhrer plays a young gal whose husband commits suicide after being fired from his job . After learning from her husband 's former boss that the company had hired someone to replace him long before he was even fired because he was n't a good worker , Kari 's character snaps -LRB- she blames the company for her hubby 's death -RRB- . She then decides to exact revenge ; first on the boss guy , and then on the woman who replaced her husband -LRB- played by soap star Barbara Crampton -RRB- . Poison is dark , sexy , and a lot of fun as well . There are a couple of instances where the acting could be a bit better -LRB- such as the Garrett 's original housekeeper and their daughter -RRB- but Kari Wuhrer and Barbara Crampton make up for that . The pacing is quick , the death scenes well done , and there 's enough nudity to please any fan of skin -LRB- you eventually see every female character in various stages of undress ... although it looked like Ms. Crampton may have used a body double -RRB- . The DVD features Audio Commentary from the director , cast bios , original trailer , and photo gallery . The picture in in 1.85:1 widescreen and it is pristine and crystal clear . The audio is offered in 5.1 and 2.0 surround sound . The 5.1 mix is good . Loud where it should be , and the surround channels are used occasionally for emphasis.Overall , a good choice for purchase or rental .
 I personally am a huge kari wuhrer fan and have bought all her movies simply to find the best nude/sex scene with her in it . This movie could have been way better but there is one scene where kari seduces the son that is simply fantastic . Yes she gets naked , yes she has sex with him , yes its worth the whole movie for this scene alone . Buy it if you are a collector .
 I 'm not really sure if everyone else who wrote a review here was watching the same movie I was.Poison was a terrific blend of suspense , sex , seduction , and revenge . Some more time could have been spent developing the beginning and a few other places , but it is really no big deal in this case.This movie is the story of a wife out for revenge on the people she deems responsible for her husband 's demise . And yeah , they really had it coming to them and it felt good to watch Kari slither in and coldly and decisively do what needed to be done .
 As a huge Kari Wuhrer fan the movie was already good . The story was good for a b movie . I enjoyed it and would recomend watching it . Owning it is a different story . Since it 's out of print you will pay between $ 15 - $ 20 for it . If your a fan then I would buy it .
 David DeCouteau has a devoted cult following and this film is an excellent example of his work . I believe this film started out as one of the BROTHERHOOD series but for some reason has been released without that affiliation . It certainly follows the winning BROTHERHOOD formula -LRB- except there is no lightening in this film - come to think of it , there has been none of his trademark lightening effects in any of his films since LEECHES -RRB- . At any rate , RING OF DARKNESS has a great cast , headed by Adrienne Barbeau . Jeff Peterson -LRB- from DeCouteaus 's ANCIENT EVIL and PRISON OF THE DEAD -RRB- turns up as Jonah , first victim of the evil boy band Take10 . Josh Hammond -LRB- from BROTHERHOOD -RRB- also puts in an appearance as a not so talented boy band wannabe . Also watch for cameos from Mink Stole . The only disapointment in the film comes from Ryan Star who mumbles her lines and has surprisingly little screen presence . The film has all the visual flare that fans have come to expect from a DeCouteau film , beautiful cinematography , locations shots , fast editing and beautiful people . I am always amazed at what he is able to accomplish on such tight budgets . This is perhaps his best work since THE FRIGHTENING . I really enjoyed it for what it is - a fun , low-budjet , goofy little horror film .
 Cool but different !!!!!!!!! The voices do never chang like someone eles said ... the movie not your typical but its not that bad some boring parts but ok ...
 If you like older movies and good mysteries with an ending you ca n't figure out , buy this movie . It was worth the money .
 Anyone who was born in the 60s or 70s can not forget when Culture Club smashed on the scene in the early 1980s . DO YOU WANT TO HURT ME seemed to be on MTV every time that you turned it on . It was just one of Culture Club 's huge run of hits . CULTURE CLUB
 Ignore the review from the Middle East -LRB- below -RRB- . This film has nothing to do with Chinese love partners . The review from Prague is correct . It 's an amazing film about the depths that love can ascend or sink to -LRB- depending on your point of view -RRB- .
 What is * real * love ? In this film , it means
 This is an unusual film about a man who gets out of the service and begins to look for a job . His girlfriend Trini recommends a landlady Luisa to him . He rents her room and trouble begins . He has difficulty making up his mind what and who he wants . Same goes for both Luisa and Trini . See this film !
 This is a film that I 've watched at least 2 dozen times now and never tire of ... each frame , each moment is somehow always fresh and gorgeous , it has a sense and sensibility all its own.Most importantly , this film depicts the dark -LRB- and perhaps , more REAL -RRB- side of love
 Yes , ignore the Middle Eastern comment below . Different Film ... This film is excellent . I enjoy watching Spanish films , particularly subtitled ones so that my husband can watch along with me and understand what 's going on . When the film was over , I was n't too sure what my reaction was , -LRB- perhaps it just really hit me in a lot of ways -RRB- but my husband declared , `` I LIKE that film ! '' and he explained why . This reaction is unusual for him . I just sat and thought about it . Well , excellent acting , excellent story , excellent direction , but it was just a bit unsettling ... After the `` hmmmmmmmmmm '' it was like , `` Excellent film , highly recommended ! '' Definitely thought-provoking . Even `` nice '' people can be obsessive -LRB- Trini -RRB- . For a long while afterward , we were joking or talking with each other about things that happened in the movie . It definitely had an impact . I would recommend this movie even to people who are not particularly fond of the reading that goes with subtitled movies . Watch it !
 Ignore the Middle Eastern comment below ; he got this movie confused with `` The Lover '' , a French movie starring Jane March . `` Lovers '' is is a good movie . How could one be so possesive , so confused , and so tragic . The main characters were played excellently .
 The DVD was better than expected . Received the DVD before Christmas even though I was almost too late ordering it . Thanks !!
 I received my DVD in a timely manner and was package so it would not get damage , i would differently order again from the sender
 Product was a gift . Came with major physical damage but worked fine . Not pretty to give as a gift With a chunk missing from the front of the case .
 arrived in time for my daughter 's birthday . Brought back many happy memories that she had watching this as a child now that she has grown up .
 The first Rescuers was a really good film , and this one is not QUITE as good , but it is sitll a pretty good sequel with an enjoyable story that is set in Australia with a convincing villain .
 I was 2 when this came out , and I watched it all the time !! I loved it !! Just bought it for my nephew and niece , ca n't wait to watch it with them !!!
 Though I told my husband I was buying this for my kids , it was really for me ! I loved this when it came out and was so glad to see it here on amazon.It picks up with Benard and Miss Bianca with Benard trying to propose to Miss Bianca ! Poor Benard is interupted -LRB- not only after dropping the ring and having to get it back -RRB- for a case in Down Under to help a little boy from a wretched poacher that is after a rare and beautiful eagle.Benard must prove himself -LRB- so he thinks -RRB- to Miss Bianca against the rugged mouseness of their Aussie outback guide . It 's a super cute film with the Eva Gabore and Bob Newheart coming back to lend their voices to the unforgetable charcters from the original film .
 MY SONS FAVORITE MOVIE AS A YOUNG BOY , OVERJOYED TO FIND FOR HIS 6 YR OLD SON . WHOLE FAMILY WATCHED TOGETHER . GREAT MOVIE
 I have always loved this movie . I feel it is child friendly and quite entertaining .
 Loved this movie when it came out and have now gotten it for grandson . The description of the condition of the DVD was spot on . Delivery time was great . I would recommend this DVD and the vendor .
 The Rescuers Down Under is one hour and sixteen minutes long was release in theaters one November 16 , 1990 . This was not a direct to video movie , but an actual movie . This was the second Disney movie not to be a musical ; the first was The Black Cauldron . Granted in one scene Wilbur is dancing to the song Black Slacks playing on the radio . This was the first movie by Disney to use Computer Animation Production System and replacing drawing each scene by hand . It is thirteen years after the original was released , but it the movie it seems to take place only a few years later . The movie opens up with Cody -LRB- a young boy who looks no more then twelve -RRB- who has just rescued a giant golden eagle named Marahute . On the way back home he saves the life of a mouse caught in a trap . It is a trap within a trap . As soon as the mouse is freed Cody falls into a deep pit that sets off the alarm for a poacher named Percival C. McLeach and his pet goanna named Joanna . When McLeach arrives to see what the catch is he finds Cody in his trap . McLeach was originally going to let Cody go , but finds Cody with a golden eagle feather in his backpack . He realizes that there is a second giant golden eagle and demands that Cody takes him to it . Cody refuses to tell and McLeach takes him to his hideout . The mouse that is saved by Cody runs to get help and the message goes out to the main headquarters of the Rescue Aid Society in New York City . An emergency meeting is gathered and the Chairmouse calls upon Bernard and Bianca for the job . However , the two are not at the meeting but at a restaurant where Bernard , who is no longer a janitor but the United States representative of the Rescue Aid Society , is trying to proposed marriage to Bianca . This will be an on going gag throughout the movie . The two are summed back to headquarters where they take on the mission to rescue Cody . The two arrive at the hanger to find Orville has retired and his brother Wilbur has taken over the business . Wilbur now runs Albatross Airlines . At first Wilbur does not want to fly to Australia due to the snowstorm outside , but when he hears about the situation with Cody he changes his mind . The three arrive in Australia and are greeted by Jake , the Australia representative of the RAS . After meeting Jake , Wilbur injures his back and is taken to a hospital for treatment . Bernard , Bianca , and Jake head off to rescue Jake . Back at the hideout Cody meet some capture animals and try to set them free by getting the keys off the hook . Their attempts fail when Joanna comes in and smashes the device the captures created to get the keys . Later on Percival comes up with a plan to capture the giant golden eagle . He decides to set Cody free telling him somebody else has captured the eagle and that there is no one to care for her eggs . Cody believing this information , heads to Marahute 's nest and is unaware that he is leading McLeach to the nest . At the nest Cody is met by the three rescuers at the nest . The three try to tell him that it is a trap but it is too late . Marahute is captured along with Cody , Bianca , and Jake . Bernard is left behind because he was unable to grab the rope quick enough . Joanna is lowered down on a rope to eat the three eggs but is unable to do the job so she throws the eggs off the cliff . It is later revealed that Bernard switches the eggs for rocks to protect the unborn baby eagles . Wilbur , who has recovered from his wounds , arrives at the nest . Bernard gets Wilbur to sit on the eggs to protect them and Bernard heads off to rescue the captured foursome . On his way there he gets a ride from a wild boar to get them to the group . He is able to get the keys so Bianca and Jake can free themselves . In the meantime McLeach is lowering Cody down to the river where a bunch of hungry crocodiles are waiting to eat him . When the crane gets stuck , McLeach takes out a shotgun to shoot the rope off . Bernard has Joanna chasing him and makes her run into McLeach and sending them both into the river . The rope holding Cody breaks and Cody falls into the river and Bernard dives into the water to rescue him . Just then Jake and Bianca unlock the cage and Marahute flies out along with Jake and Bianca . The three of them rescue Cody and Bernard . Percival C. McLeach is seen going over the waterfalls and it is assumed that is where he met his death . On top of Marahute , Bernard finally proposes to Bianca and she accepts . Meanwhile Wilbur is left to incubate the eggs until they hatch . Overall this was a very good movie and sequel and far better then most of the sequels that are direct to video . This was the second movie in the Disney Renaissance era and the only one not to gross one hundred million dollars or more world wide . The Rescuers Down Under gets an AAAAA + + + + + . DVD FEATURESCharter SelectionSet UpBonus MaterialA -RRB- The Rescuers Down Under Trivial GameB -RRB- The Rescuers Down Under DVD StorybookC -RRB- Theatrical TrailerPreview TrailersA -RRB- Buzz Lightyear of Star CommandB -RRB- The Tigger MovieC -RRB- The Little Mermaid II Return to the SeaD -RRB- Toy Story 2Play
 You hear a lot of talk about this film being Disney 's first sequal , but do n't let that freak you out if you 've never seen the original Rescuers film . There 's really no need to have seen The Rescuers to appreciate The Rescuers Down Under . The only thing these films share are the two main characters -LRB- Binard and Bianca -RRB- and the plot point of saving a child in jeopardy . Where the original was a touchy-feely story of abandonment , this film takcles the very different issue of wildlife preservation . I find this to be a far better film than The Rescuers -LRB- although I loved it as a child and still hold a special place for it in my heart -RRB- , and a welcome change of pace from the usual Disney fare.This was the first film to use Disney 's new CAPS system of filming animation and the results are truly stunning . Bright vivid colors , the blending of shades into one another , sharp crips lines , and subtle computer animation are the hallmarks of the `` new '' Disney and it all began with this film . The opening of the film is a great example of what the system can do and remains one of the most thrilling openings to any Disney film . More breathtaking scenes , like the flight with Marahute , further attest to the technical achievement of the film.Story wise this film gives us Disney 's most realistic depiction of childhood to date -LRB- B.A. before Andy from Toy Story , but he 's really a PIXAR creation anyway -RRB- , in the protagonist Cody . He 's strong willed , bright , has a sense of adventure and never seems overly cute . He 's just a boy who wants to stop the evil McLeach from killing the last of the great golden eagles , and his friend Marahute . The relationship between Bianca and Benard is expanded upon , but again you do n't need to know their history from The Rescuers to understand what 's happening . Some very fun and comic characters are indtroduced -LRB- notably , Frank the wacky lizzard -RRB- to offset one of the meanist villans ever , the poacher , Percival McLeach . He 's drawn in a realistic way that exaggerates his feaures just enough to give him a very menacing look . Believe me , when he yells at Cody you will recoil in fear!With all this high praise you might be wondering why this is n't a more widely known film . Well it had the distinction of follwing The Little Mermaid which sent Disney in the direction of Broadway-styled musicals . I have n't mentioned music for The Rescuers Down Under because there is n't any . Although the score is fantastic -LRB- and a hotly sought after collectors item -RRB- , there is n't one song in the film . It got lost under all the hoopla about Disney 's new style . People were looking for more of the same from Disney and soon they would get it.Rating the DVD itself , I 'd give it a 5 for picture and sound , but only a 3 for bonus features . Disney has relesed a few DVD 's with outstanding bonus ' , however this is n't one of them . All you get is a trivia game that will be really easy to answer once you 've seen the film and a mode that tells the story in words or has a voice over read it to you . But do n't let that discourage you from getting this DVD . Now that some time has passed and most of us are looking for someting fresh from Disney , take a look at this overlooked gem . You 'll be overwhelmed by it 's adventure , granduer , beauty , and most importantly , fun .
 A lot of reviews for `` The Rescuers Down Under '' seem to be focusing on the fact that it 's a sequel ; as a result , their reviews tend to be biased
 how dare anyone give this movie a bad rating . it is definitely one of the greatest animated features ever , right up there with the land before time , all dogs go to heaven , the lion king , an american tail , and finding nemo ! anyone who didnt like this movie does not know what to look for in a classic animated film . they probably liked the land before time sequals , and prance around in a pink tu-tu . i give this movie five stars because of its :1 . good message to kids about loyalty , bravery , and frienship .2 . breakthrough in animation3 . AMAZING SCORE ! 4 . fun and yet thoughtful plot lineand 5 . its ability to crawl into your heart , and make you fall in love with it , over and over again .
 As a child , I thought `` The Rescuers '' was rather boring , but I have always loved this sequel . Its score , scenery , and characters are infintely more exciting than those of the first . -LRB- And I 'm not usually one for sequels . -RRB- In fact , this movie has my absolute favorite Disney character of all time
 `` The Recuers Down Under '' beats it 's original by a long shot ! I love every minute of this AMAZING film ! I got it for my birthday -LRB- Which was in early august -RRB- and we still watch it almost every night ! The animation is PHENOMENAL ! The backround music is PHENOMENAL ! The entire movie is PHENOMENAL ! My three faveorite parts are : The Begining
 Not as good as the first , but still a good movie . A few scary parts for small children .
 Over the last decade Disney has made several sequals . Most have premired on video and have been less then perfect . While some like Return of Jafar have been pretty good others like Simbas pride have been downright awful . Only two sequals surpassed there original films . Those films are Toy Story 2 and The Rescuers Down Under . The original Rescuers was just okay . Its animation was not that good and the music was downright awful . Still it had a nice charm . In the sequal a Australian boy named Coty finds a giant eagle named Marhoty . Cody rides on her in several septacular anited sequences . He is then kidnapped by a pocher who wants to know how to find Marhoty and her nest . Bernard and Beonca fly on Australia on Wilbur , the cousin of Orival who provides comic relief , to rescue Cody . An action packed advenure goes on Austrlia that shows the beauty of the Australian wildderness . Most minor charactors from the first film do not return to give this film an original look . This is how sequals are suppose to be with a full theatrical effort and stunning animation . All of disneys Direct to video sequals have inferior animation and story to orginals . Disney a sequal is suppose to continue the orginal movie not make money off it . All sequals should be like The Rescuers Down Under . I give this four stars because the DVD has no extras and has only 4 channels of sound instead of 5.1 . Still the anamorphic widescreen video is top notch and I recomend this DVD .
 The first rescuers was a great movie , and this just adds on and its as great as the first . This time they are helping a boy free his animal friends and might grow a bit closer on the way .
 Great Grandchildren Love this movie and have watched it many times when visiting us . Recomend it for children 's entertainment when looking for something to do .
 Astonishing animation , vivid color , rich evocation of the Australian outback and its animals , humor , suspense , a stirring Bruce Broughton score , sympathetic heroes and a great scary villain -- this undeservedly neglected movie is one of the best of the post-Walt era . Cody -LRB- Adam Ryen -RRB- , a young boy who lives with his widowed mother outside Mugwump Flats , is friends with all the animals , and when Marahuti , the Great Golden Eagle , is caught in a poacher 's trap high on one of the red-rock monoliths of the area , they call on him to rescue her -- having hands , `` you 're the only one who can help her , little friend . '' He succeeds , and makes a majestic lifelong friend -- but when he tumbles into a pit-trap set by the poacher , McLeach -LRB- for whom respected actor George C. Scott provides both voice and physical model -RRB- , he finds himself in great peril . Fortunately his capture has been witnessed by a bush mouse , and word flashes halfway across the globe to the U.N. headquarters of the Rescue Aid Society and its two leading lights , Miss Bianca -LRB- Eva Gabor -RRB- and Bernard -LRB- Bob Newhart -RRB- , the latter now the official U.S. delegate to the Society . Recruiting the albatross Wilbur -LRB- John Candy -RRB- , and later the savvy kangaroo mouse Jake -LRB- Tristan Rogers -RRB- , who serves as their bush guide , the pair set off to save him . Meanwhile Cody and the other poached animals , including the comic frilled lizard Frank -LRB- Wayne Robson -RRB- , are doing their best to escape McLeach 's stronghold on their own . Much of the charm of the movie lies in the way the production designers have imaged a mouse-sized civilization -- the difficulties it would face in a human-scaled society , how it would use the artifacts cast off by the big people -- and in the relationship between Bianca and Bernard -LRB- who has an engagement ring in his pocket , and when Jake and Bianca are inadvertantly captured , finds a rugged courage -- `` I 've got to get somewhere in a hurry , '' he tells a razorback hog 10,000 times his size as he stares it down , `` and you 're not gon na give me any trouble ! '' -RRB- . Even better than the original -LRB- The Rescuers -RRB- , this is a Disney movie that should be in every family collection .
 This product was fantastic . Everyone at work was thrilled to finally watch The Rescuers Down under and the product was in fantastic condition .
 I remember watching this movie as a kid , and was super excited to share this movie with my own kids now . It 's a great adventure movie for both boys and girls to enjoy . The movie realy points out how doing the right thing is so important .
 I love this movie . VEry cute & family friendly . All 4 kids ages 5-16 loved it . It 's hard to find movies that my whole crew will watch . this is one that we have watched sveral time . Love , love , love it .
 When i was young I watched this movie when it first came out . . and now with the digital version I can share it with my Daughter . This was great , she loves animals which the movie has an abundance , action , and even a little romance . Great movie , fun for the whole family . The quality was excellent , streamed like a dream , sound was perfect , this is just a really great product .
 One of the very rare sequels that is better than the original movie . Everything about this movie is just right
 I think the last time I saw this movie was when i was in about ... the third or 4th grade , I 'm not sure . But I know that ever since that last time I saw it , I always thought about it ... and I never remembered the name !! All i remembered was the beginning ... and the camera moving quickly through the . . I guess you could call it the `` woods '' ... and so when I asked my friends about it they told me the name . I bought it on Amazon and voila !! When I started watching it I was about to cry LOL I 'm a little loser-ish but yea the movie is GREAT !! I think everyone should watch it at least once ... because after all , it IS a Disney Classic ^_^
 In the sequel to the Rescuers the animation is far better than the original film . This is a perfect example that sequels can be just as good as the originals . The voice casting is back , but this time John Candy comes along , and makes the film even more enjoyable . George C. Scott is a really good villainous character once again . The location is more outrageous and exotic and far more exciting . One of Disney best adventure films . A good reccomendation .
 When I was a kid , this was the movie that always touched me ... Along with Lady and the Tramp , Dumbo , and The Little Mermaid . I do n't know why it 's not more well-known . A fast-paced Disney adventure filled with characters that are nothing but lovable . Little kids nowadays are totally spoiled on all the Pixar junk . Getting back to basics like this are what Disney 's all about . I wish the company could see that . I 'll never remember the computer-animated crap they 're going to produce now ... It 's stuff like this this I 'll buy for my children when I grow older . An enchanting story of two adventurous mice out to help children , this one has them traveling to Australia to rescue a little boy and several creatures being trapped by an evil poacher . If you have n't seen it , you 're missing out ... Go get it , now !
 The line above is spoken with delicious and wicked glee by George C. Scott as the film 's villain `` McLeach '' , one of the outstanding vocal contributions to this under-appreciated 1990 release . Eva Gabor and Bob Newhart reprise their respective roles of `` Miss Bianca '' and `` Bernard '' from the first `` Rescuers '' film and are joined by John Candy as an aeronautically challenged albatross . Other winning performances are Frank Welker as a McLeach 's loony sidekick `` Joanna '' and a lizard `` Frank '' , voiced respectively by Frank Welker and Wayne Robson . Young Adam Ryen is the voice of the child hero , `` Cody '' . This lighthearted adventure takes place in the Australian outback and the animators have taken great care in depicting its combination of breathtaking beauty and harsh desert areas.There are some `` tense '' moments but they are few and far between , not too intense to frighten small viewers.Bruce Broughton 's score is dynamic and ranks as one of the best for a Disney animated film . `` The Rescuers Down Under '' may not go down as one of the Disney Studios classic films , but it is still a well-made production and worthy of addition to a family 's film library .
 This is a forgotten Disney film , of its modern era ... in the sense that it 's not as `` remembered '' as others , like Beauty and the Beast or The Lion King , The Little Mermaid , et cetera ... but it 's a wonderful adventure , brimming with action , romance ... and everything else . The animation is beautiful -LRB- flying with the great golden eagle , the Australian Outback -RRB- , and it moves at a brisk pace -LRB- but never feels empty -RRB- . The two mice , Bernard and Miss Bianca , are back from the original Rescuers , but I think this one is better . If you love Disney -LRB- or animation -RRB- , this is a charming film .
 Over the last decade Disney has made several sequals . Most have premired on video and have been less then perfect . ... The original Rescuers was just okay . Its animation was not that good and the music was downright awful . Still it had a nice charm . In the sequal a Australian boy named Coty finds a giant eagle named Marhoty . Cody rides on her in several septacular anited sequences . He is then kidnapped by a pocher who wants to know how to find Marhoty and her nest . Bernard and Beonca fly on Australia on Wilbur , the cousin of Orival who provides comic relief , to rescue Cody . An action packed advenure goes on Austrlia that shows the beauty of the Australian wildderness . Most minor charactors from the first film do not return to give this film an original look . This is how sequals are suppose to be with a full theatrical effort and stunning animation . All of disneys Direct to video sequals have inferior animation and story to orginals . Disney a sequal is suppose to continue the orginal movie not make money off it . All sequals should be like The Rescuers Down Under . I give this four stars because the DVD has no extras and has only 4 channels of sound instead of 5.1 . Still the anamorphic widescreen video is top notch and I recomend this DVD .
 Disney 's 29th animated feature `` The Rescuers Down Under '' is the follow up to Disney 's 23rd animated feature `` The Rescuers '' . It was also the first official sequel to a Disney animated feature . And we 're not talking about a straight to video sequel here , we 're talking about a full blown effort designed for the big screen from Walt Disney Pictures.What you have essentially is a Masterpiece that did not receive the recognition it deserved . This may partly be due to the fact that it was not a musical unlike `` The Little Mermaid '' that came just before it . It also originally opened opposite the most successful box office comedy smash `` Home Alone '' , so it had a bit of a tough break . In addition , when we look back at the renaissance of animation in the late 1980s and 1990s we think of `` The Little Mermaid '' , `` Beauty & The Beast '' , `` Aladdin '' and `` The Lion King '' , sometimes forgetting the wonder that came between mermaid and beauty , and that was `` The Rescuers Down Under '' . Here we continue the adventures of the two little mice Bernard -LRB- voiced by Bob Newhart -RRB- and Bianca -LRB- voiced by Eva Gabor -RRB- from `` The Rescuers '' . This time they are off to save a boy called Cody who has been kidnapped by a poacher named McLeach in Australia . Of course to get there , they require the help of their albatross friend Orville from `` The Rescuers '' . Unfortunately , he 's out of town . This time around we have fellow family member Wilbur -LRB- voiced by the hilarious late great John Candy -RRB- flying them there . Or at least they travel part of the way on Wilbur . See the thing is , it 's a bit of a long flight for an albatross from the USA to Australia , and so they make connections with a bigger bird -LRB- aka an aeroplane -RRB- . Meanwhile in Australia Cody is trying to escape McLeach with the help of his animal friends . McLeach has kept hold of Cody because Cody knows where a big golden eagle 's eggs are , and McLeach wants them . Cody though is friends with the golden eagle -LRB- they both helped each other out early on in the movie -RRB- and so refuses . Bernard and Bianca essentially come to the rescue.The animation is beautiful , especially the backgrounds of the outback , and the music is extremely exhilirating . Great animation and music , combined with great characters , humor and storytelling , add up to this very exciting adventure.The movie on this DVD is in the aspect ratio that it was originally presented in . There are some extras such as a theatrical trailer , but nothing to write home about . However the quality of picture on the DVD version is vastly superior to the VHS version . Go discover this underrated gem that is Disney 's greatest animated adventure classic !
 Sequels are supposed to be the next chapter in the characters life . They are supposed to be a continuation of the previous movie , not a way to rake in some extra cash by straight to video flicks such as `` Pocohantas Journey to a New World '' or `` The Little Mermaid 2 '' . The Rescuers was a good movie , it had all of the right things to a plot to make it enjoyable . The Rescuers Down Under on the other hand , was not simply a movie to say `` AACK ! A sequel '' to . It surpassed the greatness of the first , the plot was gripping , the characters were believable , and the Disney animation was of course spectacular ! Unfortunatley , if you walk up to someone on the street and say `` What did you think of the Rescuers Down Under ? '' they will most likely reply `` The what ? When did THAT come out ? Last year sometime ? '' . It has always been one of my absolute favorite movies , and I clearly remember wearing out the video a few times . The biggest kept secret in Disney history .
 I am a die hard Disney fan , especially when it comes to animation , but I 'm always hearing how wonderful the original Rescuers is when it is one of the two big screen Disney animated features that never really impressed me much . The other one is Pocahontas , but the Rescuers was much better than Pocahontas -LRB- except technically -RRB- . Anyway , this sequel is one of the best animated films of all time ! The first one was a good movie , but the poor quality of the backgrounds and character designs , the drab colors and all of that other art stuff made it difficult to watch for me , and I never got that special copy with the naked lady in the window . The sequel is such an amazing improvement . This movie followed the Little Mermaid , so we 're talking about the time when Disney animation was becoming worthwhile simply for it 's amazing new technical achievements ! Luckily most of the time they have good writing , character design and everything else too ! Bernard and Bianca look much better in this sequel . Much cleaner , cuter , and brighter , just like the rest of this movie . It 's got an amazing scope , and frankly , I thought McLeach was a very worthy Disney villain , even though I 've actually read that his supervising animator was n't at all satisfied with him . Go fig ! The music , the art , the story , John Candy 's comic relief , all add up to an amazing , breathtaking adventure that Disney should be very proud of ! I know I have more than a room full of Disney memorabilia already , but I still wish they 'd do a little more with these great lesser known Disney films ! I want my stuffed Joanna and Wilbur ! I want Bernard and Bianca figures ! Do yourself a favor and get this movie !
 man , this is such a good movie . it was so awesome . i remember LOVING it from my childhood , and recently pulled it up 10 years later . still awesome . buy it .
 I have these animations in my collection previously in VHS . My children enjoyed them so now with grandchildren soon to come , I wanted to update to DVD so I could enjoy them in the future .
 My five year old grandaughter really got into this book . I think this was much better than the original `` The Rescurers '' . It teaches children to respect animals .
 One of the all-time best movies for pre-teens and teens , too . A true Disney classic .
 A favorite Disney film -- excellent adventure , strong characters , beautiful art work and a great background score . It 's listed as widescreen -- let 's hope Disney releases it that way !
 This is a movie that can be enjoyed by children of any age from 2 to 102 . It is even better than the original Rescuers .
 the picture and the sound was soooooooooooo good and clear also the price was good
 This was absolutly amazing . I was 4 when this came out and I vfell in love with it , I saw it before I saw the orignal -LRB- which , instead of waiting until 1997 to release it on video , the rush released in in 1992 -RRB- but it does n't make a difference . I admire the graphics very much , unlike more recent Disney movies where there is just one huge grand computer designed scene , there are many little ones in this . One of which starts as soon as the movie begins during the begining credits . It pans a wonderful view of flowers and leads up to Codey 's house right next to Ayers Rock . Then in every glide-down scene where Wilber swoops downward , it is anothweer computer scene . Besides the affects , the story is amazing as well . Truley a work of art . I think it is uch better than the origanal , a must have !
 My little boy who is two and a half just loves this movie.He was ` nt very intrested when I bought it about a year ago but has lately developed a real love for this movie . It was ` nt but a couple of weeks ago he would want to watch Bob The Builder over and over again well as you can guess we were all getting tired of that show.Now he is wanting to watch this video over and over again I still have ` nt got tired of this movie since the first time I saw it.I would recomend this movie to anyone who has a two and a half year old.It speaks alot for it self when my two year old will watch it over all the 10 to 15 video 's he has .
 Though not as well known as other recent Disney features , this animated sequel -LRB- the first in Disney history -RRB- has much to recommend it -- excellent computer-aided animation , unusually fluid camera movement , a clever script , and a rousing musical score by Bruce Broughton.Sadly , it does n't have memorable or engaging characters . The large cast of Australian animals never gets enough screen time to make an impression . But to be fair , the two stars of the original _ Rescuers _ , Bernard and Bianca , fare no better ; they do n't even appear until twenty minutes into the film , and then have only a few scenes together . The voice talents of Bob Newhart and Eva Gabor , whose easygoing chemistry and comic aplomb made the first film a pleasant romp , are utterly wasted here.Still , this sequel was never meant to be character-driven . In this respect and many others , it 's a departure from what audiences have come to expect from a Disney cartoon . There are no songs , not much dancing , and surprisingly little comic relief . Instead , this cartoon is a straightforward , unpretentious action-adventure , guaranteed to satisfy a family audience .
 Great computeranimation , a good voicecast , unforgettable characters , and lot of action and humor saves this overlooked Disney sequel , that seems to get more popular , as it 's released on DVD.Bernard and Bianca must travel to the wilderness in Australia , to save the boy Cody , and the eagle Marahute from the flamboyant villian McLeach , and his clumsy sidekick , the iguana Joanna , and they get help from the kangaroo-mouse Jake .
 This was a superb entry in the Disney canon . The best sequel to a animated feature as well . Faithful and underrated . This is great people , Walt Disney would have been proud .
 I grew up with this movie as a kid and I 've always loved it . The DVD made me fall in love with it again . I had n't seen it in years . It 's just a beautiful movie with a great plot . When I was growing up , I watched both of the Rescuer movies , but I did n't understand the concept of a sequel . Down Under is definatley a better movie in my opinion , which is not very commonplace for a sequel . The music is beautiful , the story is fun and interesting . You do n't get bored and disgusted because of sameness and vulgarity , like you do with 98 % of kids movies today . I will definatley show this movie to my children.This movie is intellegent and funny . Joanna and Frank crack me up so much even to this day . This movie gives a strong message that poaching is wrong and that all animals need to be treated with respect . That 's a good message to kids.The wombats in this movie look all cute and cuddly , but in reality they are big , smelly , and not cute at all . But I guess that 's Disney for you ! I love those cutseyed up wombats anyway . : -RRB- I know it was only 16 years ago that this movie came out , but back then , kids movies were quality works that kids as well as adults could enjoy and cherish . Now , kids movies are just crap.The only bad thing about this movie is that barely any of the characters except Jake the little guide mouse and some of the animals in captivity actually had Aussie accents . I did n't mind this at all growing up , but now it 's bothersome to me , not to mention it is n't very authentic . I understand it 's a children 's movie and kids do n't care , but if you 're going to make a movie about a certain culture or region , do it right . Cody above all , should have at least had the correct accent .
 I have to say that I am so shocked at all the bad things I 've seen written on amazon about this movie . Disney has made many , many sequals to it 's classic animated movies , and this is the only one listed also as a classic . There is a reason for this . It is better than the origanal . I do like the `` rescuers '' , do n't get me wrong , it is a cute movie , but `` Down Under '' is just so much more exciting . The characters , the settings , the story . How can any disney fan not enjoy this ?
 `` The Rescuers Down Under '' is Disney 's first sequel -LSB- released theatrically -RSB- to an animated feature , and it is very decent . The animation looks and feels spectacular , with considerable computer-animation thrown in . In fact , the animation in this movie looks better than in the first one . The movie also introduces some new characters , while keeping Miss Bianca and Bernard from the first movie . My favorite sequence in this movie is when the eagle flies with Cody in the clouds . That scene is stunning , enhanced by the uplifting music by Bruce Broughton , who did the score to `` Silverado '' . I think the original `` Rescuers '' film is better in terms of character development . The second film has better animation as I mentioned , and the villain McLeach is voiced with zest by the late , great George C. Scott . I like both `` Rescuers '' movies a lot , but I find the first one better because of the story and memorable characters .
 This film is really quite good , not just as a cartoon but as a movie . The ecological message is very strong , but the character 's are quite amusing at the same time . Great voices from John Candy , Bob Newhart , Tristan Rogers , and especially George C. Scott . As far as bad guys go , McLeach -LRB- George C. Scott -RRB- is as bad as it gets ! The character is as mean , greedy , and otherwise nasty as one could hope for in a villain . The animation sequence with Cody riding the Eagle is just awesome . The computer animation in this one is great . One note ... . in some movie guide -LRB- either Maltin or Ebert -RRB- it was stated to watch out for the dark-skinned features of McLeach as some sort of denegration of dark-skinned people ... This statement is just absurd ! The McLeach character looks and sounds like George C. Scott ! This is a wonderful film with a positive message about the environment , helping others , and gaining self-confidence . I think you 'll love it ! I have high hopes for the DVD edition !
 THE RESCUERS DOWN UNDER will satisfy viewers repeated times . Parents will appreciate the story 's emphasis on loyalty to friends , courage in the face of difficulties , and acceptance of responsibility . More importantly , though , parents and children will enjoy the fully realized cast of characters through the talents of animators who effectively realize Eva Gabor , Bob Newhart , John Candy , and George C. Scott as cartoon counterparts.Disney has also apparently reviewed its pricing and packaging policy . This DVD , at the lower `` gold collection '' price , includes a read-along storybook and a trivia game . Unfortunately , the `` animals of the outback '' booklet promised on the packaging is only a pamphlet half devoted to other Disney product . Viewers will also have to jump to the menu immediately upon inserting the dvd in order to avoid a long list of ads for other Disney material . I suppose we pay for the lower-priced packaging by watching the ads . While it would have been nice for Disney to have included a `` captions in English '' option so children could learn to read as they watch the movie , viewers will get to enjoy the film in its widescreen splendor and see how big a giant eagle looks without its wingspread truncated by the edge of the screen.Still , this movie will get repeated viewings in your home , and it will deserve them . Were I rating the movie itself , I 'd give it four and a half stars ; its yet to be fully realized presentation lowers my rating to four stars .
 I enjoy this sequel as much as the original Rescuers . It may not have Medusa or Ellie Mae in it , but Jake and Wilbur make The Rescuers Down Under hilarious ! McLeach is a lot more dangerous of a villain than Medusa and that makes the Rescuers Sequel darker than the original . My favorite part was when Bernard proposed to Bianca at the end of the movie .
 Decent plot , decent characters , with that awesome Disney magic that strings it all together.The animation is n't fantastic and it is repetitive , but alas , it is a DISNEY movie we 're talking about here . : -RRB-
 The Rescuers Down Under is a 1990 sequel to the popular 1977 Disney animated original that reunites the stars the late Eva Gabor -LRB- Green Acres -RRB- and Bob Newhart -LRB- The Bob Newhart Show -RRB- and also features Tristan Rodgers -LRB- General Hospital -RRB- , the late John Candy -LRB- Rookie of the Year -RRB- and the late George C. Scott -LRB- Patton -RRB- . In this film , Miss Bianca -LRB- Gabor -RRB- , Bernard -LRB- Newhart -RRB- and Wilbur -LRB- Candy -RRB- are called once again to Australia to help out a young boy and his friend , a giant golden eagle . Along the way , they meet up with a feisty kangaroo mouse named Jake -LRB- Rodgers -RRB- and his Outback allies as they all prevent a loathsome poacher -LRB- Scott -RRB- from killing the golden eagle . The special features includes a interactive storybook and trailers for other Disney favorites . The Rescuers is the perfect Disney DVD for any fan of the two mouse heroes .
 George C. Scott 's voice over character is the star of this movie . A very good movie for children and adults .
 Purchased this for my grown daughter - VHS just does n't cut it - by the time a new format comes out - she 'll have to buy her own
 This is a timeless classic that will be enjoyed by all . I love it everytime I see it .
 This movie surpasses the original in every way . I was not particularly looking forward to this one when it was first released , but saw it as part of a double feature . I enjoyed every minute of it , and all the animation , sound design , music and so on is among the best Disney has ever done .
 This was a gift for my granddaughter . The movie arrived inpristine shape and very quickly . She loved the movie . Funny , her daddy did too at the same age . Some movies are `` timeless . `` This is one of them.Would recommend the seller .
 This movie is ALWAYS going to be on my FAVORITES list and I never get tired of watching it . I absolutely love this one .
 It is even better than the first one and the first one was really good .
 I just wrote a review for Fievel Goes West which was the 2nd in a series of three . Rescuers Down Under is the 2nd also . I do n't know if they did a third . I ca n't imagine how the the first can be better than the second , because this is the first for me to experience , just like Fievel 2 . I thought the seconds were fantastic.Just like Fievel , you got Academy award winning actors . George C. Scott and his gravel voice as the animal poacher in the outback of Australia , and is too good . Scar in the Lion King comes to mind when I think of great voices like George C. Scott . I ca n't remember who the other actors are in the Rescuers . OK , I just IMDB 'd it and no wonder it was great . Bob Newhart , John Candy , Eva Gabor -LRB- always great -RRB- , Billy Barty ? -LRB- kids do n't even know him -RRB- , and some other well known characters are the real meat of this well done animated flick.This is n't Pixar magic , but you will like it just as well , and I have all of the Pixar eye candy movies . If you do n't enjoy this , maybe you should be watching the Animatrix or something else less fun . Just like Fievel , the Rescuers has actors that us older folks KNOW really well , which enhances our enjoyment , but my daughter watched this a million times for the fun factor . I hate giving stars to movies , but I can not personally rate it lower than 5 ***** . You can watch this over and over again , which is my litmus test for movie rating . If you ca n't watch this again , there 's no 5 stars possibility.The movie is a little dark , like 101 Dalmations . Evil characters doing bad stuff , which is NOT what you see on the cover of this movie case . WOW , happy kids flying on a bird 's back , NOT ! I personally can not watch Bambi , Cinderella , or Snow White ever again , but you can watch this time and time again , well hopefully . I 'm going to go buy it on DVD now , and toss out my tattered VHS copy . Enjoy !!
 I loved the original and was actually afraid to see this one b/c i usually thing that sequels are bad ideas . I was wrong . This was as good if not better then the original . Essential for anyone who liked the original .
 This is a great movie for kids and also a great movie for grown-ups who will recognize most the voices . As only Disney can , they have chosen the most appropriate individuals for the voice characterizations . It 's a fun story , and you 'll be impressed with the graphics . This was a sought-after movie when first released on VHS , and for good reason .
 Growing up , this was one of my absolute favorite films -LRB- and yes , this birthed my obsession with Australian accents , and the Australians who speak them -RRB- . You can place this right next to another underappreciated animated classic , ` The Chipmunk Adventure ' , as one of those films I wore out watching so many times . I 've recently revisited this film -LRB- as I did with ` The Chipmunk Adventure ' a while back -RRB- and it has surprisingly held up . In fact , it held up remarkably well . Where ` The Chipmunk Adventure ' unveiled notable flaws -LRB- especially in the quality of the sound during those blurry musical numbers -RRB- , I did n't find such flaws while watching ` The Rescuers Down Under ' . I actually found myself getting rather giddy all over again.As many have mentioned , this was one of those films that marked the return of Disney . Disney made a severe dent in pop culture for the second time -LRB- second generational time -RRB- in 1989 with ` The Little Mermaid ' , and then it blew the competition away in 1991 with ` Beauty and the Beast ' -LRB- still possible the greatest animated feature of all time -RRB- , but in between those two juggernauts was this little seen and little remembered gem . Yes , ` The Rescuers Down Under ' , sequel to ` The Rescuers ' -LRB- the better known predecessor -RRB- needs to have a larger audience . It deserves a larger audience.It has so much going for it.It opens with cinematic perfection and animated delightfulness -LRB- that opening sequence is to die for -RRB- and it continues with slick scripting , light yet meaningful comic relief , aptly paced tension and a beautiful message that adds depth to the film without beating us over the head with it -LRB- the message of environmental harmony is lightly coaxed , unlike recent catastrophes like ` Avatar ' , which consider the audience too stupid to ` understand ' subtlety -RRB- . You can add to that a colorful repartee between the vocal talents -LRB- Bob Hope and Eva Gabor are just wonderful , and John Candy is classic ! -RRB- and a devilishly evil villain in George C. Scott -LRB- he can do no wrong ! -RRB- . I love these little rodents , and you should too , so grab this solid adventure film and dig in . This is one of those ` cartoons ' that is perfectly constructed for youngins and oldins alike. : - D
 What I like from this movie was the animation , the music , but what I like the best was Marahute . Look at the size of that beautiful bird . I found out that her wingspan is 20 feet and she is 5 feet tall . Cody only got a tail feather from the bird . He could have got a 4 foot long wing feather from her . There could be birds like Marahute today . People have seen encountered giant birds . One was the size of Marahute . People believe that these giant birds could be prehistoric birds -LRB- with wingspan 12 to 25 feet -RRB- , unusually large modern birds , or unknown species of birds Marahute is that kind of giant bird .
 The `` Rescuers Down Under '' is a fabulous movie full of adventure , friendship , and a tad bit of romance to make the story complete . Cody , a young boy who lives in Austrailia , helps free Marahutay , a great golden eagle , from an illegal poacher 's trap . After freeing her , he finds a small mouse also caught , but then relizes that he has fallen into a poacher 's trap himself . McLeach , an illegal poacher finds Cody and learns his secret . Then Mcleach kidnapps Cody and forces him to tell him where Marahutay is . A help message is soon sent out to Miss Bianca and Bernard -LRB- the 2 mice from the `` Rescuers '' -RRB- in New York City . Finally , they set out to the `` land down under '' to begin a treaterous journey to save Cody 's life .
 i already have the vhs tape of the rescuers!i just needed a sequel to the movie thanks a whole lot !
 I loved this movie when I was younger , so I bought it on AMAZON Instant video for my daughter and she loves it . I like the instant video since we can watch it on the Roku , my IPAD , my iphone and can download it and take it with us when we do n't have access to WIFI .
 I loved this movie when I was a kid so I just had to get it , and you ca n't beat a penny !
 Great family movie . Have enjoyed this movie when my now adult children were little . Now am seeing it again with my youngest son . All time favorite
 Was feeling nostalgic and watched this with a friend -- even 15 years later it 's still such a great movie ! Classic .
 You hear a lot about this film being Disney 's first sequal , but do n't let that freak you out if you 've never seen the original Rescuers film . There 's really no need to have seen The Rescuers to appreciate The Rescuers Down Under . The only thing these films share are the two main characters -LRB- Binard and Bianca -RRB- and the plot point of saving a child in jeopardy . Where the original was a touchy-feely story of abandonment , this film tackles the very different issue of wildlife preservation . I find this to be a far better film than The Rescuers -LRB- although I loved it as a child and still hold a special place for it in my heart -RRB- , and a welcome change of pace form the usual Disney fare.This was the first film to use Disney 's new CAPS system of filming animation and the results are truly stunning . Bright vivid colors , blending and shading , sharp crisp lines , and subtle use of computer animation are the hallmarks of the `` new '' Disney and it all began with this film . The opening sequence is a great example of what the system can do and remains one of the most thrilling openings to any Disney film . More breathtaking scenes , like the flights with Marahute , futher attest to the technological achievement of the film.Story wise this film gives us Disney 's most realistic depiction of childhood to date -LRB- B.A. before Andy from Toy Story , but he 's really a PIXAR creation anyway -RRB- , in the protagonist Cody . He 's strong willed , bright , has a sense of adventure and never seems overly cute . He 's just a boy who wants to save his friend , the last golden eagle Marahute , from the evil poacher . Some very fun and comic characters are introduced -LRB- notably Frank the lizzard -RRB- to offset one of the meanist villans ever , Percival McLeach . He 's drawn in a realistic way that exaggerates his features just enough to give him a very menacing look . Believe me , when he yells at Cody you will recoil in fear!With all this high praise you might be wondering why this is n't a more widely known film . Well it had the unfortunate distinction of following The Little Mermaid , which sent the studio in the direction of Broadway-styled musicals . I have n't mentioned music for the film because there is n't any . Althought the score is fantastic -LRB- and a hotly sought after collectors item -RRB- , there is n't one song in the entire film . Simply put , it got lost under all the hoopla about Disney 's new style . People were looking for more of the same from Disney and soon they would get it.Rating the DVD itself , I 'd give it a 5 for picture and sound , but only a 3 for bonus material . Disney has released a few DVD 's with outstanding bonus ' , however this is n't one of them . All you get is a trivia game that will be really easy to win after you see the film and a mode that tells you the story in words or has a voice over read it to you . But do n't let the meager bonus material stop you from getting this DVD . Now that time has passed and most of us are looking for something new from Disney , take a look at this overlooked gem . You 'll be overwhelmed by it 's adventure , granduer , beauty and most importantly , fun .
 This movie has a wonderful message about friendship and how precious every life is , be it human or animal . The film has everything going for it ; great animation , wonderful background music , and a story that combines humor and high drama . The story is about how an Australian boy named Cody comes to the aid of a beautiful eagle , that was illegally trapped by a poacher named McLeach -LRB- George C. Scott -RRB- , only to find himself later kidnapped by McLeach . Woodland creatures send for help via an elaborate telegraph to a couple of UN delegate mice , named Miss Bianca -LRB- Eva Gabor -RRB- and Bernard -LRB- Bob Newhart -RRB- in NYC . Bianca and Bernard enlist the services of a hilarious albatross named Wilbur -LRB- John Candy -RRB- and set off across the atlantic to ... well , rescue Cody . The story even has a little romance between Miss Bianca and Bernard thrown in for good measure . The highlight of the film for me actually comes early . After Cody releases the eagle from the trap , he nearly falls to his death only to be swooped up and taken for the ride of his life by the grateful eagle . Believe me , everytime I view this sequence I get teary eyed . A beautiful film , one of Disney 's best !
 You hear a lot of talk about this film being Disney 's first sequal , but do n't let that freak you out if you 've never seen the original Rescuers film . There 's really no need to have seen The Rescuers to appreciate The Rescuers Down Under . The only thing these films share are the two main characters -LRB- Binard and Bianca -RRB- and the plot point of saving a child in jeopardy . Where the original was a touchy-feely story of abandonment , this film takcles the very different issue of wildlife preservation . I find this to be a far better film than The Rescuers -LRB- although I loved it as a child and still hold a special place for it in my heart -RRB- , and a welcome change of pace from the usual Disney fare.This was the first film to use Disney 's new CAPS system of filming animation and the results are truly stunning . Bright vivid colors , the blending of shades into one another , sharp crips lines , and subtle computer animation are the hallmarks of the `` new '' Disney and it all began with this film . The opening of the film is a great example of what the system can do and remains one of the most thrilling openings to any Disney film . More breathtaking scenes , like the flight with Marahute , further attest to the technical achievement of the film.Story wise this film gives us Disney 's most realistic depiction of childhood to date -LRB- B.A. before Andy from Toy Story , but he 's really a PIXAR creation anyway -RRB- , in the protagonist Cody . He 's strong willed , bright , has a sense of adventure and never seems overly cute . He 's just a boy who wants to stop the evil McLeach from killing the last of the great golden eagles , and his friend Marahute . The relationship between Bianca and Benard is expanded upon , but again you do n't need to know their history from The Rescuers to understand what 's happening . Some very fun and comic characters are indtroduced -LRB- notably , Frank the wacky lizzard -RRB- to offset one of the meanist villans ever , the poacher , Percival McLeach . He 's drawn in a realistic way that exaggerates his feaures just enough to give him a very menacing look . Believe me , when he yells at Cody you will recoil in fear!With all this high praise you might be wondering why this is n't a more widely known film . Well it had the distinction of follwing The Little Mermaid which sent Disney in the direction of Broadway-styled musicals . I have n't mentioned music for The Rescuers Down Under because there is n't any . Although the score is fantastic -LRB- and a hotly sought after collectors item -RRB- , there is n't one song in the film . It got lost under all the hoopla about Disney 's new style . People were looking for more of the same from Disney and soon they would get it.Rating the DVD itself , I 'd give it a 5 for picture and sound , but only a 3 for bonus features . Disney has relesed a few DVD 's with outstanding bonus ' , however this is n't one of them . All you get is a trivia game that will be really easy to answer once you 've seen the film and a mode that tells the story in words or has a voice over read it to you . But do n't let that discourage you from getting this DVD . Now that some time has passed and most of us are looking for someting fresh from Disney , take a look at this overlooked gem . You 'll be overwhelmed by it 's adventure , granduer , beauty , and most importantly , fun .
 In Disney 's `` The Rescuers Down Under , '' Rescue Aid Society mice Bernard and Miss Bianca travel to Australia to help Mara Houte , the golden eagle . With the assistance of Wilbur , an albatross , and numerous other friends encountered along the way -LRB- such as a wise-cracking kangaroo rat -RRB- , they hurry to help the endangered bird . Voice talents of Bob Newhart -LRB- Bernard -RRB- , Eva Gabor -LRB- Miss Bianca -RRB- and John Candy -LRB- Wilbur -RRB- move the story along at a good pace . George C. Scott provides voice for the villain , a bounty hunter of endangered animals . Scott 's sidekick is a goanna lizard called Joana - and there is some fascinating interplay between the lizard and the man . A sidebar plot is Bernard 's plan to propose marriage to Miss Bianca ... and all of the things that conspire to get in the way . This is a nice movie for the entire family , and one with a good message . I highly recommend it .
 The first Rescuers was released way back in 1977 . Disney had this idea to bring it back for Disney 's first sequel . They brought back Bob Newhart -LRB- who sounds slightly different -RRB- and Eva Gabor -LRB- I love listening to this woman 's voice -RRB- to reprise their roles as Bernard and Bianca and it 's still quite good.Pretty much like another reviewer said it 's kind of a rehash of the original but using different events . Cody , a kind of animal liberator let 's say , rescues animals in traps that would otherwise end up at the hands-and then down the barrel of a shotgun-of poachers . He finds a massive rare golden eagle and quickly befriends it -LRB- and just FYI
 As the people have said before , this is a Disney sequel that is actually decent and funny to watch . The plot was well thought out and the animation is spectacular . The characters are another positive . They are comical and the voices are right on the target . Also Bernard and Bianca have their original voices , not some fake voice that makes the movie more annoying.Here 's the story . An Austrailian boy named Cody has been kidnapped by a cruel poacher named McLeach , along with his goanna , Joanna . He wants the boy 's prized friend , the largest bald eagle in the world he names Marahute . News of the kidnapping is sent all the way to New York by the local rodent population , and of course , Bernard and Bianca come to his aid , along with new friends Wilbur , who takes over Orville 's role , and Jake , a kangaroo rat that makes Bernard feel unimportant at times -LRB- not on purpose . -RRB- Well in the end , Bernard asks the ultimate question of any bachelor to Bianca , she accepts , and they have a happy flight home . But they forgot someone ... The one main thing that gripped me in this movie is the music . It is Aboringine-based , and it sounds upbeat and beautiful . But of course , Disney slapped in the old orchestra , which gives this movie the best music in history . The humor is really good , as I 've said before . Its put in there at the right time and the little bit of cheap slapstick while have you on the floor , anyway.The Rescuers Down Under is one great movie and takes number one as a sequel , especially in Disney 's case . It is a must - have and must own for all of Disney 's true collectors and fans .
 This is a full-of-fun animated movie from Disney . It marks the return of those two famous mice Bernard -LRB- Bob Newhart -RRB- and Miss Bianca -LRB- Eva Gabor -RRB- from the Rescue Aide Society first seen in THE RESCUERS -LRB- 1977 -RRB- . This time they 're called to Australia after receiving a message that an eagle and a little boy have been kidnapped by a devious poacher , McLeach -LRB- played to the hilt by George C. Scott -RRB- . They make the journey to Australia on an airline , this time run by Wilbur the Albatross -LRB- John Candy -RRB- . The animation is much different from the style seen in the original , but is more suited for the various flight sequences boasting the lofty grace of the eagle ; not to mention McLeach 's motorized cage . This film , after the success of THE LITTLE MERMAID helped restore the Disney product and animation in general to the forefront of entertainment for children as well as adults alike . The film has a message about the plight of endangered species as well . Composer , Bruce Broughton 's score is dazzling and rousing . I wish Disney would reissue the entire soundtrack . Glen Keane is among the main animators . This is a very enjoyable film . Even though it is a sequel it stands very solidly on its own merits . The DVD version is beautiful and highly recommended .
 This is the best annimation Disney has done since their glorious beginning . Films like Pinnochio , and Sleeping Beauty were excellent due to the wonderfull craftsmanship and storytelling . In the 60 's though , the craftsmanship faultered a bit with the advent of a faster xerox process of transfering pencils to the annimation cell . This can best be seen in movies like the Arristocats . The backgrounds too , were far less detailed than ever before . The first Rescuers -LRB- 1977 -RRB- movie was an example of that lul in artistry . The Rescuers Down Under is a triumphant return to the magic that made Disney a household name . Here you will see some of the most challenging annimation to date , and the work is flawless . The characters are excellent , the story is meaningfull and the work of the late greats George C. Scott and John Candy tie it all together . This is in my top 5 movies of all time .
 Excellent production . Intriguing story illustrates poaching and teaches subtle lessons about learning right from wrong , courage and teamwork . Charming supporting characters and novel setting . Fun animation , great music . Scary kidnapping scene . Some comments made by younger viewers
 I have always enjoyed Disney 's animated films , but there are some that stand out . The Little Mermaid -LRB- both of them -RRB- , The Lion King 2 -LRB- that 's right , I said the sequel ! -RRB- , The Hunchback of Notre Dame , Hercules , Cinderella , and the two Rescuer movies are the ones that come to mind . Now , the first Rescuer film is a hands-down favorite , but I love the sequel even more . Why ? Because it has something the first one did n't -- Jake the daring kangaroo rat . He has a crush on Bianca , and this upsets Bernard , whose trying to gather the courage to ask Bianca to marry him ! So , the two boys end up glaring at each other and competing for the girl 's attention , and she apparently does n't notice the animosity . But it 's just so cute ! Jake is one of my all-time favorite characters , even if he is a stereotype of a guy from the Australian Outback . I love Jake !
 I doubt it . Why you ask ? The makers at Walt Disney tend to have viloence in thier animated movies . The Rescuers Down Under was out 13 years after the orignal movie . The movie stars in Australia with a boy named Cody -LRB- Adam Ryen -RRB- who hears word of a bird that has been caught by a poacher named McLeach -LRB- George C. Scott -RRB- , Cody recures the bird and takes him to a ride to her nest , where 3 eggs about to hatch . Cody does n't know that McLeach had only ready killed the bird 's father and now is after the mommy bird . After Cody 's visit he saves a mouse from a trap and Cody winds up in the trap . And is saved by McLeach and when Cody refuses to tell McLeach where the nest with the eggs are , he kidnaps Cody and word is spent out of the kidnapping of Cody . But the rangers believe that Cody was killed by a crodoile because his back pack was foud by a crodicle 's swamp . The word keeps getting spread until New York , where a meeting is called to order and Bernard -LRB- Bob Newhart -RRB- and Miss Bianca -LRB- Eva Garbor -RRB- is picked for the case . Miss Bianca finds out about the case , but the problem is Bernard does n't know about case , I guess that he thinks Miss Bianca has found out that Bernard is planning to propuse to her . Miss Bianca does n't know that Bernard does n't know about hte case , and without any talk about the case Miss Bianca accpets the assignment .
 Great sequel , great characters , amazing visual effects , tough story line , enhanced by powerful , Australian flavored music . The only flaw with this movie was the giant scratch on the DVD the did n't allow it to play . It was considered to be in `` acceptable '' condition . If I were a sado-masochist it would have been `` acceptable '' . I am not . And it was a gift for a young man in the midsts of challenges .
 the order came on time , was in very good condition and although I have not played it yet , i am sure it will be satisfactory . thank you
 Just awesome . . most definately one of my favorite disneys . And that 's without any songs , either . charming , fun , entertainint . . and you ca n't go wrong with John Candy doing a voice over . .
 This is a wonderful period film . The acting is very convincing . The bad step-mother really makes you hate her . She is about as terrible as the aunt in Jane Eyre . Hannah stays amazingly kind even through endless adversity . All very believable . I just saw this film and it may be one of my new favorites .
 This three-part miniseries is based on the book written by Catherine Cookson
 If you have seen Teletubbies before , its the same edge of the seat heart thumping excitement -LRB- not ! -RRB- . But from my 10 month old daughter 's perspective , this is great stuff.The Teletubbies speak a little more than usual , and the seventy minutes of video has no repeats -LRB- prefaced by the famous `` Again ! Again ! '' -RRB- . A delightful adventure for anyone learning to watch television .
 Bright colors , slow pace , nice transitions , fun jazz band . Encourages napping , going to bed , and teaches manners when somebody else is sleeping . Shows a preschooler how to help care for a sibling . Great diversity . Good parent guide . Familiar music is a big hit . The kids loved singing along , doing the actions and dancing . They shouted when they saw their favorite characters . `` It was fun to look at . '' `` Teletubbies treat each other right . '' Repeating the live characters was a plus . Best for ages 0 to 2 .
 The Teletubbies are gentle and caring . I realize there was some controversy over the Teletubbies . However , I found them to teach sweet lessons of caring , watching over each other , gentleness and so on.This video is about going to bed and having sweet dreams . There are lullaby songs , short little segments that are typical of the other Teletubbies vidoes make this a good video to watch for five to ten minutes before turning off the TV . Manners for when someone is sleeping are demonstrated in one segment . Nothing is repeated which makes this a much more engaging video than the other Teletubbies videos.Enjoy .
 I am almost embarassed to admit it , but my daughter has 5 teletubbies videos . Of all of them , we both agree that this is the best one -LRB- and the only one her dad will actually sit through with her -RRB- . All of the `` real '' video sections keep her entertained , especially the opening song , `` Wake Up Sleepyhead , '' which is quite infectious . Not necessarily a `` bedtime '' video , but entertaining nonetheless .
 He has watched some or all of this at least once a day for several months . It actually has a couple of funny scenes for adults -LRB- like when they are crunching their tubby toast too loud while Dipsy is sleeping -RRB- .
 Great episodes and fun stories ! Do n't miss this title if you are a collector or a fan . Very sweet message wrapped up in classic Teletubbie cuteness .
 I ordered these for a birthday of an Autistic child . He is even comforted just carrying the cover around and loves to watch them as well .
 A wonderful series . Uncle Silas is a funny rascal . I wish he were my uncle . : - -RRB-
 Let me first say that as far as picture quality goes on this DVD , I would rate that with 4 stars . However , the content of this DVD makes up for the picture quality . Not that the picture is bad , I just feel that during remastering some of the clips could have been a lot clearer . With that aside , let me say that this is a super DVD to have in your collection . As of right now it is the only place you can find anything of `` I Love Lucy '' available on DVD , and this is the only place any clips of `` Here 's Lucy '' can be found . If you want to relive many of your favorite Lucy moments from the past , this is the place to go . Here you can find some of the classics like the famous Vitameatavegamin , or the candy factory , or even the time when Lucy and Vivian -LRB- on `` The Lucy Show '' -RRB- installed the shower and got stuck in it while it kept filling with more and more water . The great thing about this DVD is that it helps remind the viewer why Lucille Ball was/is as important as she has remained , and probably will be , to the television and entertainment world.I hope that the people at Paul Brownstein Productions start to release more rare Lucille Ball shows , such as her 1977 special `` Lucy Calls the President '' that reunited her with many of her costars like Gale Gordon and Vivian Vance . I think that we as fans need to let the companies that hold the rights to these shows know that there is a demand for them , and pass on the simple message that it 's `` Time To Open The Vaults ! ''
 This DVD is a MUST HAVE for true Lucy fans.I ordered mine as soon as it was released , and trust me , you wo n't be disappointed ! It 's truly a fairy tale story of the first 25 years , and makes you realize even more what a wonderful person and actress she truly was . My rating A + + + + + + + + + +
 This program was made in the 1970 's but you 'd think it was just done today -- the quality is tremendous ! This DVD has a little bit of everything for Lucy fans . Of course , there are the expected clips from all three of her television series , but there 's much more than just that . One section showcases Lucy 's comedic skills . Another focuses on her dancing abilities . Dick Van Dyke hosts a section showing what a competent mime Lucy was -LRB- her Chaplin impression was genius -RRB- . A lot of former guest stars and co-stars are interviewed to give their takes on the Queen Of Comedy . The best thing about this DVD were the long overdue interviews with Desi Arnaz , Vivian Vance , and Gale Gordon . I do n't think ANY other program has ever done this.And the roster of commentators -- Van Dyke , Carol Burnett -LRB- proving that Lucy COULD sing -RRB- , Sammy Davis Jr , Dean Martin , Richard Burton , John Wayne , and Danny Kaye -LRB- showing an INCREDIBLE Lucy comedic clip from his variety show -RRB- . The ultimate moment was Jimmy Stewart presenting Lucy with an achievement award.Although there are no extras on this DVD , just scene selections and the program , they are not missed . The program has enough in it to keep you interested.Considering the poor treatment Lucille Ball has been given on DVD -LRB- Madacy 's substandard Lucy Shows -RRB- , this DVD is a breath of fresh air .
 This show is so full of Hollywood Stars and I mean when stars were Stars . Legends . It 's one of the greatest tributes of all time . If your a fan of the older stars you 'll love this . I 'm talking about a time in history when Bette Davis , Katherine Hepburn , Henry Fonda , Lucille Ball , Frank Sinatra were in their heyday this is for you . Such class and elegance is unfortunately lost in our society today . If you want to see that again , BUY THIS DVD . As a matter of fact buy two copies . It 's well worth the investment .
 This program was a great tribute to a wonderful actress . All of Lucy 's best and funniest moments are shown here Vitametavegemin , candy factory , grape stomping etc. . It was also nice to see all the big stars at the time paying tribute to Lucy . It makes me sad to see how many we have lost over the years . This DVD should have had a lot more of Lucy in it . She is only on at the very end of the DVD to accept a plaque . You would think that since this was a tribute to her , she would have been in it a lot more .
 i enjoyed this dvd very much it showed all the celebertis she worked with
 I THINK THAT IS GREAT THAT THEY MADE THIS ONE FOR PEOPLE THAT DO N'T KNOW WHAT LUCILLE BALL WAS CAPABLE OF . THEY SHOW A SMALL PERCENTAGE OF SHE DID DURING HER CARRER . I THINK SHE WILL ALWAYS BE THE BEST FEMALE COMEDIAN THAT EVER LIVED .
 This is how a series should be produced . From start to finish , Hell Girl has focused on telling a solid story . With compelling characters to push along a mesmerizing story , the finale delivers a great ending that wraps up the story . No loose ends or plot hooks are left dangling to compel audience members to watch the second season . Instead I 'm left wanting to watch second season because I want to watch it , not because I am left feeling like I have to . This is easily going to end up on my top ten list this year .
 While the world is now familiar with Jackie Chan and Jet Li , not many perhaps will have heard of Sam Hui . Also a comedy star in Hong Kong , appearing with his brothers Michael and Ricky , Sam made a surprisingly good action hero in this adaptation of the Japanese manga , Crying freeman -LRB- which has recently been remade in the US under the same title -RRB- . He was certainly physically up to the part . At one point , during the ` training sequence ' which seems to come up at some point in almost every martial arts movie , Sam is hanging with his knees hooked over a beam doing verical sit-ups while swinging nunchakas . There ca n't be many people that can do that . Stylistically it 's slick and fast paced , in the manner of the Tsui Hark or John Woo movies . The fights are fast and acrobatic . I saw it in a Hong Kong cinema where it was punctuated by vocal audience responses , `` Wah ! ... Woo ! ... '' . The movie also features the fabulous Maggie Cheung , long before she became the arthouse star she is today.Although perhaps unknown outside HK , the movie has a good story and is packed with creativity and wild action . I was most impressed by the opening fight scene which appears to be shot in the grandeur of the Moscow underground . If you like martial arts this one is definitely also worth a try .
 This is the Hong Kong version of Crying Freeman . Not quite as good as the Mark Dacascos movie , but still a great movie . .
 Good movie for people who 's looking for action and pleasure . Not a thriller but a must have anyway .
 I bought this film many years ago at WalMart for a dollar . It 's an excellent animated film , and for a dollar it my buy was a steal . If you want to see George Orwell 's story told via animation , start with this film , which was also Britian 's first full length animated film , or something to that effect .
 This movie is a classic ! But there are some parts that ard hard to watch , even for kids . This movie is sad . Animal Farm is a classic !
 This film adaption of Orwell 's 1946 classic is a wonderful piece of animated cinema . Take time to view .
 The Bottom Line : A mostly faithful adaptation of Orwell 's classic allegory which distills the essence of the novel even as it changes things here and there , Animal Farm is a reasonably successful film which should entertain those who appreciate the novel .3 / 4
 I do n't like giving five star ratings , but this is a movie that gets better with each watch , especially if you 've either read the Orwell story or appreciate vicious satire , you 'll enjoy this movie -LRB- evidently , some other reviewers do n't -RRB- . Its not the best movie of all time , but I felt someone needed to counter balance the ridiculous one-star given to this film . The new ending is surprisingly effective , especially in light of recent events unknown to the 50 's animators.I 'd personally give it 41/2 . Give this to your small children and watch their dreams turn very sour , very fast ; - -RRB-
 George Orwell makes you think about the struggles of man & animal alike with this before its time book & movie.Is big brother watching ?
 I purchased this DVD for use in my classroom . It is a copy of a very old animation and I was prepared for the less than today 's excellence in the areas of sound reproduction and special effects . What really made this purchase a wonderful experience was the seller . I had questions and the seller wrote back quickly and even went out of her way to test the product for me . Personal service like that is rare . Overall , I am very pleased with my purchase .
 My Mom is fussin ' about Mr. Obama -LRB- 'cause she got `` stuck '' on all this new O'Reilly Factor/Rush Limbaugh/Joe Scarborough/Sean Hannity hype/type-o ' - stuff since 9-11 -RRB- , even though she was leaning Democratic in the 70 's during `` Tricky Dickie 's '' -LRB- Richard M. Nixon 's -RRB- wrestling w/McGovern , phew ... Ya , she thinks there 's the big socialist thing going on now -LRB- but she sure likes her Roosevelt/Truman/Kennedy / Johnson style social security ! -RRB- , and she remembered reading a book in her senior year -LRB- during the height , by the way , of the Cold War -RRB- , called `` Animal Farm '' . She thought it pictured a socialist takeover 's result on `` an economy '' , in the setting of a farm-animal society . Now with so many pundits throwing out the sound-bytes and spin of the day about Mr. Obama socialist this & that , she wanted to either get the book again , or since I found the DVD for her , I got it from a selected dealer on AMAZON , and this review is to support both the great quality of service -LRB- i.e. shipping , timeliness -RRB- from the AMAZON , and also to rate the movie `` Animal Farm '' as very interesting!It 's animated , -LRB- not for the little tykes , though ! -RRB- , in the same sense as the Beavis & Butthead , the South Park , etc. , -LRB- designed for adults -RRB- . While watching `` Animal Farm '' with her , I kept asking , `` ok , if the farm animals ' revolt against the mean farmer is supposed to picture -LRB- in her mind -RRB- , Mr. Obama 's -LRB- `` bad '' , socialist , etc. -RRB- reforms , then who also , in the movie , are the `` Republicans '' of our day ? I told her it 's the darned mean ol farmer -LRB- i.e. Georgie Bush , Dick Cheney , etc. -RRB- . See for yourself , what will YOU think , try it ! -LRB- ANIMAL FARM , DVD -RRB- ... !
 This film should be required viewing in every high school or college in America . Aside from being one of the first animated British feature films , as a poignant parable , it so perfectly explains how the Russian Revolution turned a bad situation into one of the three worst of the 20th century -LRB- the others being Nazi Germany and Communist China -RRB- . Reviewers harping on the film 's `` upbeat '' ending sound unaware of just how prophetic that ending turned out to be -LRB- remember what happened to Soviet Communism in 1989 -RRB- . This is a great film which -- incredibly -- may have now slipped into the public domain . -LRB- ... -RRB-
 His legacy to us ; Animal Farm , 1984 , Down and Out in London and Paris , Keep the Aspidistra Flying ; and so many other good stories is an incredible treasure trove . Here 's hoping that those who watch this cartoon take a few hours , and read these books . Surprisingly easy reading too ; George Orwell always felt that to say something clearly was most important . His ideas tend to stick with you . This movie version of Animal Farm is true to the book with the exception of the ending . The live action 1999 movie was not as good as this version and also suffers from a misleading ending . With the movie 1984 the book is better than either movie versions . After reading Down and Out , you 'll never look at a restaurant the same way ; and Aspidistra is about selling books - and living free ; sort of like the modern drop out from society who still will work an undemanding job that leaves his soul free . Down and Out is similar in this sense . In fact all of these titles have living free as a central core theme . Even when the animal society fails the attempt was noble , and the revolution was inspired by freedom . Even when 1984 's Winston sits arrested in a totalitarian world , he has never the less lived his life seeking freedom , and you get the idea others like him exist there in that world . This DVD is an incredible restoration with listenable sound . Enjoy ! God bless you Mr. Orwell !
 Okay folks , if you read Orwell 's original , you might be disappointed in the differences in this film , but so what ? What movie ever faithfully follows a book 100 % ? With that said , enjoy the film for what it is . It 's a really deep and thought-provoking film about how the exploited often becomes the exploiter . In this case , a group of animals overthrow and evil farmer and create a new society called `` Animalism '' which stresses cooperation among non-humans . The Pigs wind up as the rurlers of this Brave New World and a pig maned Napoleon slowly and subtly beomes their dicator . Even those who are unaware that the story is based on Stalinist Russia will be moved by what happens to Boxer the horse -LRB- this scene is pretty faithful to Orwell 's original -RRB- and be repelled by the corruption of Napoleon the Pig -LRB- aka Joseph Stalin -RRB- . Made by a British company in 1955 , this was probably the first adult-oriented cartoon feature . CERTAINLY not for the kiddies , as they may find it overtly grim and depressing . Nor is it a `` date flick '' or film you would invite your buddies over for beer and pizza -LRB- unless you want some intellectual discussion afterwards -RRB- . It 's a real thinking person 's film and I would recommend it for high school and college history classes as a means of sparking discussion on how revolutionary movements often become reactionary . . It 's amazing in modern times how this story closely mirrors what happens in a lot of so-called third-world countries today .
 ANIMATED BUT STILL A HARD HITTING PROPHETIC PARABLE ABOUT THE HUMAN CONDITION -- IN A NUTSHELL : I have just enjoyed `` Animal Farm '' , the animated feature , for the first time and I was truly impressed . Its stark animated realism , augmented by its dispassionate style of narration , gave the film a sense of inevitability which added to its weight as a 20th century parable , created from the famous work by George Orwell.WHERE THE FILM GOES
 Based on the novel by George Orwell , this animated film is for adults and means just as much now as it did when released in the mid 1950 's . Manor Farm is run by the often drunk Farmer Jones . The neglected farm animals revolt , thanks to the inspiring words of an old hog , who dies and becomes a sudden martyr . The remaining animals adopt some simple rules , and get along swimmingly.Eventually , the animal utopia begins to crumble . The remaining pigs , led by the tyrannical Napoleon , begin taking advantage of the others ' hard work . They dispatch enemies as needed , but still have enough power to rally the troops to fight off a violent invasion by Jones and his drinking buddies . As the pigs begin trading with a shady businessman from the outside world , the animals finally come to their senses and do what they should have done long ago.Finally , an animated film for adults that actually challenges the viewer to think . No Disney-like cute factor , no songs by aging white British rockers , this is a fascinating film . Orwell 's book was written as a lambast against communism , fascism , and dictatorships in general , yet many of the pigs ' selfish actions could be applied to modern government today.As a country , we get upset at every mention of pork barrel -LRB- ironic -RRB- spending , yet we send our representatives back year after year because it is always some other state or district 's politician who is causing the trouble . `` Animal Farm '' illustrates in simple , yet not dumbed down terms , the way power corrupts , especially by those whose motives seem so sincere to begin with.If anything , this film should empower you . This should not lead you to violent revolt against your congressperson , but it should force you to ask questions about where that income and sales tax goes . `` Animal Farm '' is important , entertaining , and thought provoking . I would match it up against anything Disney has released in the past fifty years . Yes , their audience goals are different , but as adults , it is nice to have something besides anime aimed at our heads . Great film.Unrated - Physical violence , gun violence , mild gore
 Any child with a sensitivity to animals would find the violence in this 1955 groundbreaking British animated feature very disturbing ; many of the farm animals suffer terrible cruelty at the hands of both Farmer Jones and the pigs that succeed him , so parents should use care and discernment since sometimes this film is represented as a `` cartoon '' . The script is based on George Orwell 's `` Animal Farm '' and retains much of its brilliance , and is narrated by Gordon Heath , with character actor Maurice Denham speaking all the animal parts.Orwell wrote `` Animal Farm '' with the Stalinist Soviet Union in mind , but the tale could apply to any totalitarian regime , many which start with the socialistic `` one for all-all for one '' idealism and propaganda . The animation is fairly simple compared to what one is used to today , but the images are powerful , and very moving . The plight of Boxer the horse and his devoted friend Benjamin the donkey is wrenching , and beautifully drawn.The sound effects are also excellent , as well as the score by Matyas Siber , which has some songs that imitate the Soviet military style , with one of them cleverly vocalized by animal sounds.This film is now in public domain , and there are some DVDs issued at a rock bottom price , which do n't include the extras ; I have one that has a fairly good transfer , with an adequate -LRB- considering the price -RRB- color reproduction of its Technicolor hues.Directed by Jay Batchelder and John Halas , this one is a classic , but too dark and upsetting for young children . Total running time is 73 minutes .
 Dark , disturbing , and very European , _ Animal Farm _ marked an auspicious feature debut from Britain 's Halas and Batchelor animation studio . The film was produced by `` March of Time '' newsreel mogul Louis de Rochemont , and partly financed by the CIA -LRB- though by all accounts the CIA had no editorial control over the finished product -RRB- . In adapting George Orwell 's anti-Stalinist beast fable for the screen , Halas and Batchelor dropped several minor characters , jettisoned most of the humor , and created a new finale -- which , though slightly more optimistic than the novel , hardly qualifies as a happy ending . Orwell purists have never forgiven them , even though this version of _ Animal Farm _ succeeds admirably on its own terms.Avoid cheap public-domain copies
 What you see in this animated film is animals , but not necessarily friendly to humans . Or , they could be even sometimes very cruel to fellow creatures . But of course they should be , because this is an animated film version of George `` 1984 '' Orwell 's biting satire of Stalinism . On the backcover you can see that this one `` May NOT Suitable for Kids . '' I would say , `` never . '' If you still insist , buy 1999 version of the same title , adapted with images friendlier to kids . This older one may scare many of children , who expect every animal should live in peace.Possibly , however , Wednesday of the Addams Family , who heartily disliked Disney productions , would love this film . Certainly this film has the same unusual kind of humor and wit as that family has . The story of `` Animal Farm '' concerns the rise and fall of the titular `` Animal Farm '' -LRB- formerly `` Manor Farm '' -RRB- where poor animals were once tormented by tyranny of Mr. Jones , but no longer . Under the guidance of Old Major , the Great Pig , they made a revolution against humans , and succeeded . So , the liberated animals start their own life , with a pig Napoleon as their leader , but alas ! they are not as wise as they thought.As you can judge from the short running time that barely exceeds 70 minutes , this 1954 adaptation of George Orwell political satire leaves a lot of its original book behind , intent on drawing out its essential spirit . Complaining viewers would find the change of the ending very lamentable , but the deed is done , and half a century ago , so let 's take it as a kind of testimony of the time it was made when the Cold War is a very realistic thing.The most recommendable thing about the film would be its techinical aspects . The film is made with traditional skills of animation , and considering the time it was created , the images still retain its original power . Though it often reminds us of Disney 's achievement -LRB- such as `` Fantasia '' or `` Pinochio '' -RRB- , and probably owes much to this master of animation films , `` Animal Farm '' manages to impress us considerably , with its detailed descriptions of animals ' movements . The sly humor here and there is effective , and most of all , the film does n't pull its punch when the story requires it to show the deaths of animals -LRB- though this part is exactly the reason this film may not be suitable for children -RRB- . The character designs are not inviting , with their faces that are far from cute and pretty , but this version of `` Animal Farm '' deserves our attention , not only for readers of George Orwell , but also for those who are interested in the animation history .
 ENGLISHFULLFRAME73 MINUTESCOLORINTERACTIVE MENUSSCENE SELECTIONPREVIEWS.ANIMAL FARM , BRITAIN 'S FIRST ANIMATED FEATURE , IS BASED ON GEORGE ORWELL 'S CLASSIC NOVEL , WHICH HAS BEEN ON SCHOOL READING LISTS SINCE ITS CREATION . IT IS SET ON A FARM IN ENGLAND AND DEPICTS A REVOLUTION BY THE RESIDENT ANIMALS VS. FARMER JONES . THE USE OF THE ANIMALS TO REPRESENT THE DIFFERENT SOCIAL CLASSES IS MASTERFUL.THIS PICTURESQUE ANIMATION FEATURE IS A SATIRE BASED ON THE SOVIET UNION OF OLD , OFFERING HUMOR AND IRONY MEANT FOR BOTH CHILDREN AND ADULTS . IT WAS PROPHETIC IN DETAILING THE EVENTS THAT WOULD OCCUR IN EASTERN EUROPE STARTING IN 1989 . DIRECTED BY JAY BATCHELOR AND JOHN HALAS.RAVE REVIEWS FOR GORDON HEATH -LRB- NARRATOR -RRB- AND MAURICE DENHAM -LRB- VOICE OF ALL THE ANIMALS -RRB- FOR A FINE JOB BRINGING THIS CLASSIC TO THE WORLD OF ANIMATION .
 I purchased this as a way to present Orwell 's classic allegory of Stalin . It really grabbed the attention of my high school aged students in part because of the cheesy animation , very 1956 , but mainly that it forgoes more modern treatments and drives home the of the allegory . Very nicely done .
 This brutal Napoleon statement comes as ring to finger to describe the fine hidden irony backstage.This winner adaptation of George Orwell 's ingenious satire told in Cartoons goes beyond you can imagine at first sight and deals about the foolishness of government emphasizing obviously the Totalitarian Regimes , no matter they are . this picture is so far from being an child entertainment . It lacks a bit of intensity but the storytelling dynamism confers it a nice final result . `` In politics the truth always comes from the opposition `` Paul Valery .
 Animal Farm , based on a novel by George Orwell , is ostensibly about a group of animals who rebel against the drunken farmer who owns them , and abuses them . They begin running the farm themselves . Their revolution is corrupted into tyranny which eventually becomes worse than the human farmer 's regime.A not-so-veiled criticism of totalitarianism under Stalin , many events portrayed in the DVD correspond to real events that took place in the Soviet Union . However , the DVD may be understood as a critique of totalitarianism , no matter where or when it appears.Maurice Denham , the Mel Blanc of England , performed the voices of all the animals in the film . It is worth seeing the DVD for that alone .
 Excellent presentation but it would still be better if it were a real life presentation with animatronics and stuff .
 Should be required reading for every American citizen . Very thought provoking . I watched it back in high school ; good to add to collection .
 She had to do a study on Animal Farm for honors English last year , and was able to grasp immediately that this was not &#34; really about farm animals &#34; but a political and social story for all of us . She 's seen other versions of the story , too , but this remains a favorite and she 's watched it several times . It 's good for both kids and adults as a teaching tool , as well as entertaining in an uncomfortable sort of way . Both of us enjoyed deciding on which actual person or which group each character represented.If you 're looking for fine animation with wonderful musical scores in ... skip it-it is a wonderfully remastered 50 + year old film , but it is still 50 year old animation techniques and dialogue . If you 're looking for something mostly true to the book , but shown in animation that makes it even easier to grasp ... this is the one you want-best version IMHO .
 A British animation that captures the best of Orwell 's `` fable '' while making it sufficiently subdued for children . There is violence , but it takes place `` out of camera , '' as it were.Surely you know the story
 I have never seen the movie before -LRB- the review is more for the book since I did n't see the movie -RRB- , but I read the book . Before you can read the reviews , you must remember that this book was written during the Age of Communism , and the movie also set during the Age of Communism . So , before reading or watching Animal Farm , just remember ... the book and movie take place in the past , and that is how they should be watched/read .
 yummmmy . This review has GIANT FEET ! omg Beegees are the greatest . I think that the pig is really hot , but dont tell anyone . Whose up for some Iced Tea in the Oldsmobile?Thanks
 I saw this movie for the first time maybe 50 years ago , and I never forgot it . it is one of my favorite movies of all time . It is must watching for everybody starting from maybe nine years of age or so on up . It might be scary for youngsters younger than that . It could only be made as a cartoon , but the cartoon characters seem so real , you will be amazed . They almost come to life and seem like real people . That is probably because they are based on real human nature , not animal nature . I re-watch it every few years myself.It helps you to understand what is going on in so many facets of society . You can see parallels in all levels of government , for example.A real eye-opener .
 As a 40 year old woman I remember watching this movie as a teen and the profound impact it made on my life . The main impression that was left is the free thinking and to never let tyranny prevail , not to give government the ultimate power . this movie is timeless and should be watched at school and discussed . Government should never have this much power and people should never be complacent and lazy to think
 I SAW THIS CARTOON/MOVIE 37 YEARS AGO , THE DAY BEFORE WE LEFT CANADA . I HAVE NOT SEEN IT SINCE . I CAN HARDLY WAIT TO GET IT IN THE MAIL . IT IS NOT A MOVIE FOR CHILDREN , UNLESS THEY ARE PRACTICAL `` PIGS '' -LRB- NO PUN INTENDED . -RRB- IT IS HARSH AND HEARTLESS , MADE AT A TIME WHEN COMMUNISM WAS AT IT 'S PEAK `` THE FAVORITE POLITICAL STANCE WE LOVE TO HATE . '' A GREAT MOVIE .
 In this film we get to see the characters in the story come alive , but do n't have the same feeling that the book has . Benjamin the donkey never answers questions with `` Donkeys live along time '' which is one thing I loved in the story . The ending has changed and many things were left out that were important . Still , this version is wonderful . It 's images are memorable such as Mr. Jones at the beginning when he comes home drunk . Watching that part with the lights out gives great atmoshpere . The main story is there and the art direction , music and voice acting is done well . Not refering to the cymbolism of the failure of Communism in Russia does hurt this movie some , but it is really great . I was suprised at how old the movie was because of the quality of the animation . Also , Moses the Raven is in the story , but he is n't Mr. Jones helper . He just observes things on the farm . He sees the beginning and the end of what the animals have named animalism . This movie is wonderful and well made . It may be a cartoon but it is only a cartoon because of the limited technology they were n't allowed the freedoms we do have like CGI and superb puppetering . This movie is not for the kids .
 ANIMAL FARM -LRB- 1954 -RRB- an animated film of the book by George Orwell directed by John Halas and Joy Batchelor . All voices by Maurice Denham . A good film . Interesting to see a fully animated film made in the 50s NOT by Walt Disney . In spite of being funded by the CIA , the film is surprisingly devoid of communism . Napoleon the pig -LRB- Stalin -RRB- could easily be Mussolini , Obama or any other tinpot dictator . The film scrubs up Snowball -LRB- Trotsky -RRB- something fierce and actually has a relatively happy ending . That said , the book is depressing and the movie is still quite brutal especially for the time period . Definately worth a look . Just do not go in expecting singing mice and dancing fairies .
 I have seen better novel-to-movie adaptations , but I have also seen worse . In any case , even though the animated version of `` Animal Farm '' is not perfect , I think it 's way better than the 1999 live action movie version . Please do n't watch the 1999 version , especially with children!This animated feature is appropriate for younger viewers , while being fairly entertaining and educational for all ages . It is a pretty good reflection of the novel , since the barn animals in the movie do basically the same thing they do in the books . Just like the novel , it makes one realize the consequences of an allegedly `` equal '' society
 ANIMATED BUT STILL A HARD HITTING PROPHETIC PARABLE ABOUT THE HUMAN CONDITION -- IN A NUTSHELL : I have just enjoyed `` Animal Farm '' , the animated feature , for the first time and I was truly impressed . Its stark animated realism , augmented by its dispassionate style of narration , gave the film a sense of inevitability which added to its weight as a 20th century parable , created from the famous work by George Orwell.WHERE THE FILM GOES
 The greatness of this movie is incomprehensible to those who have never watched it . The plot unfolds gracefully as the fallibility of humanity is exposed .
 As a mom and a veteran of the Pokemon , Sailor Moon , Inu Yasha , yadayada , explosions , this little pink guy remains my favorite . He 's fun , adorable to watch , not too sugary but not too scary , and he teaches the lessons of friendship , courage , etc. . Other reviewers are right - the animation is great in this DVD , very , very colorful and crisp , and I ca n't imagine a Kirby fan not being thrilled with it . Here are the specific episodes
 My 8 and 4 yr old daughters love this DVD . They have the Kirby DS game , and when they discovered Kirby had a movie out , they begged for it . There are several different episodes on this DVD , and they are pretty humorous and suspenseful . If your kids like the Pokemon series and already know who Kirby is , they will really enjoy this DVD .
 This was great for my 6 year old son that discovered Kirby from another video game . He loves Kirby and loves these cartoon movies .
 Dvds works great and Im a huge kirby fun the shipping was fast to thank you .
 In this very good non fictional movie , the famous writer William Gibson talks all about cyberpunk , a literary genre that is something like dark science fiction . In this movie Gibson also explains thinks like `` cyberspace '' and `` virtual reality '' . The movie is well done and good for all people who want to know more about tecnology and how will be the live and the internet in the future .
 This documentary takes us all the way back to 1990 , when the information highway was being blazed by cyberpunks , defined herein as `` computer cowboys hacking a perilous post-human lifestyle on new technological frontiers . '' The front man for the movement is William Gibson , the award-winning author of the science-fiction novel `` Neuromancer , '' who coined the term `` cyberspace '' despite the handicap of being a confessed computer illiterate . Instead of being characterized as irresponsible techno-vandals , the cyberpunks see themselves as using cutting-edge technology to `` decentralize democracy . '' It is interesting to look back at `` Cyberpunk '' from the vantage point of today and judge how well they have advanced McLuhan 's Global Village via the Internet . You will find equal measures of wistful naivete and accurate prediction in viewing this documentary .
 This is a great presentation from Canadian/United Kingdom productions for HBO family -- Based on the whimsical childrens books by Jill Murphy.Each episode is a half hour long , and there are three in this one -- BATTLE OF THE BROOMSTICKS-the series pilot . Shows Mildred Hubble -LRB- charmingly portrayed by Georgina Sherrington -RRB- she 's running late for her first day at the academy , and she almost immediately runs afoul of Ethel Hallow , Mildred 's nemesis in the series.While Ethel is fashionably late , Mildred makes a mess of her first appearance , having to fly over the gate and crashing to some trash cans nearly missing the headmistress and Mrs. HardBroom.Luckily she makes fast friends with the soft spoken Maud Moonshine.She 'll need moral support to get through the broomstickaptitude test!Episode 2 - WHEN WE FEAST AT THE MIDNIGHT HOURMildred and her friends must contend with the awful school food . Maybe if Mrs. Cackle eats the same food for a week she 'll consider changing the menu ... . Mildred decides she and her friends should have a midnight feast , going down to the kitchen past curfew , during `` Sir Walter 's Wet Week '' when a ghost is supposed to wander the castle corridors.Episode 3 - PIG IN A POKEMr . Blossom brings his nephew Charlie for a visit to the school . Charlie decides to borrow Drusilla 's cape and hat , to blend in , sneaking a peek at the big book of spells and attending the cat presentation . Mildred has to accept a cute tabby cat instead of a black one , since they ran out of them.And Ethel of course has to bully Mildred , daring her to turn her into a frog , Mildred accepts the challege except turns her into a pig . . Ethel then trots off , getting lost & mistaken as a stray pig from a local farm ... Mildred ca n't remember the reversal spell , luckily Charlie knows one , but they better hurry and find Ethel ... ------------------------------------------------------------------------------ If you 've read the books , I do n't think you 'll be disappointed with the adaption.I think the best audio to play it in is `` British English '' which I 'm sure it was filmed in , and sounds better in.I also like the set , the outdoor scenes , actually shot outside , in beautiful woods or countryside ... This is great for children and those young at heart -- be sure to get the Halloween episode ' A MEAN HALLOWEEN ` And I look forward to having my favorite two part episode `` A Frog 's Life '' on DVD soon!MM & BB ; - -RRB-
 this is one of my favorite movies . It was made for tv and has 3 episodes.battle of the broomsticks shows Mildred 's first day of school when she has her first run in with Ethel and miss Hardbroom.When we feast at the midnight hour is my favorite and I think the funniest one on this dvd , which includes her having a fishy little problem.A pig in a poke is barnyard fun when Ethel gets hers by being turned into a pig . This was made for younger viewers and while it has a theme that is similar to Harry Potter , it is more pleasant and suitable for younger children maybe 8 or 9 years old.There is no foul language and no sexual suggestion , just good clean fun.My son and I are quite fond of it i 'm 44 and he 's 25 yrs.old so kids of all ages even if they 're just young at heart can appreciate this one
 BATTLE OF THE BROOMSTICKSPoor Mildred Hubble makes a mess of her first day at Witch Academy . First , on her way to school , she runs afoul of snobby Ethel Hallow who 'll become her arch enemy . Then she arrives late and the gate is closed on her . She clumsily flies over it and crash lands into a dust bin on the other side , narrow missing a collision with Miss Hardbroom , the strict no-nosense witch who 'll be Mildred 's home room teacher.Luckily Mildred makes fast friends with the sweet , soft spoken Maud Moonshine . Who patches Mildred 's now broken broom with packing tape . Having a bent broom wo n't help with the broomstick flying test , which the girls will have to pass in order to stay on at the academy . And Mildred 's both afraid of heights and the dark , which will make the test difficult . But , she has the the help of her new friends , Maud , Ruby Cherrytree and Jadu Wali , and she 'll need it.WHEN WE FEAST AT THE MIDNIGHT HOUR.Mildred and her friends plan a midnight raid on the kitchen , prompted by the disgusting school menu . Which is no fault of Miss Tapioca , the cook . She has to follow the school book of regulations on what to serve . And it always gets cold , on the long journey to the dining room.Because of the complaints , Miss Cackle decides to eat the same food as the students . And discovers just how gross it is.The girls ' midnight feast is scheduled for the last night of Sir Walter 's Wet Week , a time when a ghost is supposed to wander the corridors of the spooky old castle.PIG IN A POKEMr . Blossom 's nephew Charlie comes for a visit , and Ethel is being particulary snotty to Mildred . Especially after the cat presentation ceremony & Mildred is given cute tabby kitten , instead of the traditional black one , because they ran out . Ethel ca n't resist teasing . Mildred is pushed too far , and turns Ethel into a pig by accident -LRB- she was trying for a frog ... -RRB- Then Ethel trots off , getting lost , and Mr. Blossom takes her to a local pig farmer , who is taking his pigs to market that day!Charlie takes an active part in the rescue , he knows a reversing spell , kind of . . Based on the books by Jill Murphy and presented in the U.S. on HBO . This is an incredible series . Heart warming , wholesome , and witty . I do n't think it 's for an specific age group , people of all ages will enjoy it . The scripts are very well written , very humorous . And the cast is excellent . They all seem to enjoy their roles very much . Georgina Sherrington will charm you , she 's the perfect match for Mildred Hubble.And that spooky castle is really cool . I wish there was a school like that . : - -RRB- And I wish and hope that BFS video and Granada will put more episodes on vhs and dvd . There are more than what 's in the two collections , including one of my favorites `` It 's a Frog 's Life '' .
 This three-part miniseries is based on the book written by Catherine Cookson
 A delightful story , done in three parts , of an in-service housemaid . It spans three parts of her life and each one is better than the first . I recommend people who like `` Period Pieces '' to obtain this great piece .
 This film , an adaptation of the Catherine Cookson novel of the same name , is a three part miniseries detailing the changing fortunes of a young housekeeper , Emily Kennedy , played by Gillian Kearney . The time period is the Victorian era . Emily Kennedy learns about life and love through relationships with three very different men . Forced from the home of her first employer Sep McGilby -LRB- John Bowler -RRB- after his plans to marry Emily come to a tragic end , Emily finds work as a housekeeper with a farmer , Larry Birch -LRB- Ray Stevenson -RRB- and his crippled wife Rona -LRB- Diana Hardcastle -RRB- , in Croft Dene House , a place which holds many secrets . Eventually after a strange turn of events , wholesome Emily defies convention to share a life in a rundown cottage with Larry Birch . I did not like this part of the movie , and I knew where the situation was going to end with Birch . As upright and clear minded as Emily was , it was difficult for me to believe that she would be willing to sacrifice her dignity for Birch after all the time she had known him as his housekeeper . Throughout the movie , one is given conflicting evidence about Birch 's character . Emily is initially curt when she meets the new owner of Croft Dene House , Nick Stuart , played by the always charismatic James Purefoy , who in this role is just about his most handsome -LRB- very becoming Rhett Butleresque wardrobe and thin moustache -RRB- . Emily is curt , but is eventually won over by the charming and compassionate Nick Stuart . The tide shifts again , and Nick gives Emily a way to take control of her future .
 There is little I can add regarding this movie that hasnt already been said in the excellent review by the lady from Virginia.All I will say is that I found the cinematography both believable and beautiful in its capture of the 19th century northern English life.What drew me most to the film is the courageous character of Emily . . played so wonderfully by Gillian Kearney.Suffice to say I loved the movie so much that I am buying it ... from Amazon because it is not available here in New Zealand .
 This is a keeper for sure . I will watch it over and over again . I love this era where men were men and women were feminine . The story line is intriguing and I sat riveted from beginning to end .
 If you love the time period you will love this one . Very fast moving romantic story . Strong female lead character and lots of handsome men . Lots of fun with a happy ending !! Could n't be any better than that ! Highly recommend !
 I first saw this movie on Netflix and knew I would love to own it . The price was reasonable . The shipping was VERY fast . In short , I was quite pleased with this purchase !
 Well , this VHS tape brings me memories because I 've owned this and I love the cute characters in this tape.Well , this is a recommendation for little kids
 An uknown nuclear submarine conceals iteself in protected waters , Sweden 's government along with the United Status must find the enemy . Just when the solution is at hand , a top secret laser designed by Sweden 's military is stolen and the lab is destroyed . Now everyone is under suspicion including the Swedish government , the laser inventors , as well as the terrorists . Dennis Hopper is Miller , a United States official assigned to find the laser and get it back - before it 's technology falls into the wrong hands .
 This version of `` Oliver Twist '' is a scant 74 minutes long , but contains much more of the book -LRB- including a portion of the Rose Maylie sequence -RRB- and retains a highly Dickensian flavor when viewed alongside other adaptations.If you are new to silent films , this could be a good one to whet your appetite . If you are already a fan , give this one a try . The film is primarily a vehicle for Jackie Coogan , which proves to be just fine , as he is delightful in the title role . His expressive face and tiny stature are dead-right for Oliver , and he has more spunk than most exponents of the role , which helps to allay the saccharine nature of the character.Fans of Lon Chaney may be disappointed with the little screen time he is given , but he makes the most of it . Subtle touches Chaney adds -LRB- such as gently laying a hand on Bill Sikes ' chest -RRB- give a wealth of subtext and nuance to his performance , and adds immeasurably to our understanding of Fagin as petty thief.The rest of the cast is good , with a fine performance from Gladys Brockwell as Nancy . She is another aspect of the film which rings true to Dickens
 It is certainly interesting to consider that this 1920 version of `` Oliver Twist , '' the classic novel by Charles Dickens , was intended as a vehicle for Jackie Coogan . Of course , today they put Lon Chaney on the box to pique our interest , but while his Fagin is a commanding presence in the film , he does not pop up until halfway through . Coogan later told the story of how he was first introduced to Chaney in full make-up on the set and was immediately terrified . We have heard about the magic Chaney could do with spirit gum and greasepaint , but notice how impressive his FINGERNAILS are in this film . Having worked with Chaplin in `` The Kid , '' Coogan certainly recognized Chaney 's star quality . Coogan 's performance is certainly stronger than it was in `` The Kid , '' and you have to appreciate the way he underplays the part , something you would associate with neither kid actors nor silent film stars . George Siegmann makes a memorably monstrous Bill Sikes , Gladys Brockwell is Nancy , and Edouard Trebaol plays the Artful Dodger . Scottish born director Frank Lloyd is usually not recognized as one of the greats of the silent era , but he did make over 100 films and won three Oscars -LRB- `` The Divine Lady , '' `` Cavalcade , '' and `` Mutiny on the Bounty '' -RRB- . More importantly , he had a love for Dickens that comes through in this film . I amazed at the fact this is only a 74 minutes film ; clearly a lot is cut out , but it captures the spirit of Dickens . This was the fourth silent version of the Dickens tale and actually was not topped until the 1948 film with John Howard Davies as Oliver and Alec Guiness as Fagin . Of course , in 1968 the musical version won the Oscar for best picture .
 They sure get some adorable kids to play Oliver Twist . `` Despised by all and pitied by none . '' Hooey . In 1922 Jackie Coogan owned Hollywood , and the hearts of Americans all over the world.Well , the Kid could act , and do n't let the cover art or p.r. department fool you . This is Coogan 's movie , and Lon Chaney is definitely a secondary character . This 1922 silent movie is well done , and does n't feel much more dated than the story it tells . Lon Chaney , who must have been wearing some -LRB- probably terribly uncomfortable -RRB- contraption plays Fagin as a bent , wizened , sharp-nosed wheedler.I enjoyed LIGHT OF FAITH , the 32-minute add-on movie , more than OLIVER TWIST . Chaney stars in this one , sans cumbersome make-up , playing a street tough who falls for a young woman who moves into his tenement building . The woman , as they were wont to do back then , is failing from a broken heart . The distant object of her affection found the Grail Tennyson wrote of in his Arthurian tales . The Grail , she tells the impressionable Chaney , glows with an inner light and has remarkable curative powers.So , the girl 's dangerously declining , her old beau has the Grail , and Chaney has a larcenous inspiration . Director Clarence Brown delicately handles the material , and Chaney gives a subtle and nuanced performance .
 The main feature on this disc , ` Oliver Twist ' -LRB- 1922 -RRB- , is a pretty decent adaptation of the well-known Charles Dickens novel , though , as just about all movies based on books are wont to do , it naturally ca n't cover everything from the book . The sets bring Victorian England to life pretty well , particularly the settings in the orphanage and in Fagin 's house . Life was no picnic for the poor in Victorian England , with no system of social welfare as yet set up , and many poor people were forced to either go to an almshouse , or , if they were desperate enough , to turn to a life of crime like Fagin and his cohorts . However , since it is based on a novel , it does n't always work very well as a silent . While there are some great silents adapted from works of literature , this one seems really chatty and like it could have been even better as a talkie . There also is n't enough character development , particularly of Fagin -LRB- Lon Chaney -RRB- , who , though he 's great in all of his scenes , just does n't have a lot to do . This was a starring vehicle for the adorable Jackie Coogan -LRB- in spite of Lon 's picture being on the DVD cover -RRB- , so it seems natural that the producers would have wanted to emphasise his title character in the storyline , even though at times it seems more like a showcase for Jackie instead of a showcase of the Dickens novel . There could have been more meat on the plot and greater character development if they had n't done this ; as cute and talented as Jackie was , he was n't the only important character . The print also is a bit worn , though since it was considered lost until 1972 , one ca n't expect too much in terms of print quality . However , I wish there had been a more elaborate score beyond an organ.The bonus film , ` The Light of Faith ' -LRB- 1922 -RRB- , is a 33-minute excerpt from ` The Light in the Dark , ' a six-reel feature that was considered lost in its entirety until the George Eastman House found it and did a restoration of in 2003 . The film kind of starts in media res , but that becomes more understandable when one knows that this is only about half of a longer film , not the entire film itself or the only surviving part of it . A young woman has run away from home and her boyfriend back in England , and finds a room to rent in New York . -LRB- She 's identified as Elaine in this film , though in the full-length version her name is Bessie . -RRB- Tony Pantelli -LRB- Lon Chaney -RRB- notices how pretty she is and that she 's not the type of woman he 's used to in his life as a street rogue . When she falls down the stairs one day , Tony thinks it 's because she 's hungry , but the landlady believes it to be a failing heart . Tony devotedly helps her back to health , showing himself to be a criminal with a heart of gold underneath . One day there 's a story in the paper about her boyfriend , who is now in New York with what may be the Holy Grail , and Tony is so inspired by the story Elaine tells him about this ancient artifact and its healing powers that he resolves to break into her old boyfriend 's house to steal it , desperately hoping that if she touches it , she will be fully cured . This looks like a pretty interesting film , and probably is even better and more developed in the longer version . As always , Lon plays this social outcast , this person whom one might ordinarily shun or run away from in fear because he 's a criminal , with such heart and soul , making him into a sympathetic character whom one quickly comes to feel empathy for . He 's also looking like his normal self in this role , without any of the elaborate makeup or disguises he 's famous for . Though he was n't what most people would consider one of the world 's most beautiful people , he did clean up really nicely and even seems kind of handsome , in a nonconventional way.Overall , these are two solid features , even though I would n't consider either one to be top-notch silent classics . They 're still far from being little more than curios . However , ` Oliver Twist ' is very recommendable for seeing Jackie Coogan -LRB- who seemed to be terrific in just about everything he did as a child star -RRB- and for seeing Chaney 's unforgettable Fagin . Still , neither film would be one I 'd recommend to someone just getting into Lon 's films or just silents in general .
 Great silent adaptation of Oliver Twist . The DVD from Image is the best available and also includes The Light of Faith . Oliver Twist has been restored as best as possible and is a joy to watch . The intertitles and main title were reset when this film was restored in the 1970 's .
 I was pleasantly surprised to find the Alpha version of the 1922 silent version of `` Oliver Twist '' done in a first class manner . The picture is excellent , along with the intertitles and background music.After watching brilliant director David Lean 's incredible 1948 version of `` Oliver Twist , '' if was hard for me to watch some of the other versions of Dickens ' classic tale of survival . However , while I was watching the Jackie Coogan/Lon Chaney 1922 version , it seemed to me that Mr. Lean not only watched this film , but studied it very closely.It also seemed to me that Mr. Lean may have used the 1922 version of `` Oliver Twist '' as a textbook example for fashioning his own incredible version of `` Oliver Twist . '' Many visual elements in the silent version seemed to have been enhanced and expanded in Mr. Lean 's `` Oliver Twist . `` Do n't get me wrong , in my opinion , David Lean 's 1948 version of `` Oliver Twist '' is still the greatest film version of the Dickens novel . But the 1922 silent version runs a close second . And the silent version is about half the running time of the 1948 version , but still remains true to the book.Even for those who do n't usually care for silent films , I think many viewers will be totally entralled and entertained by this wonderful 1922 version of `` Oliver Twist . '' When the film ended , it left me saying , `` Please , sir , I want some more . ''
 I searched the web for a preview of this film , to see if I want to buy it , and only found this one on Amazon . The problem is that in this 2.5 minute preview , you see only about 10 seconds of the actual film . All the rest is credits and title cards . Who is the genius that posted that ? Probably the same people who post the LOOK INSIDE pages for books but only show blank pages , title pages and the index . I wish the folks at Amazon would put some thought into these things so their customers can see what they 're buying.I 'm giving the film 4 stars on faith because I ca n't believe that Chaney would be anything but brilliant .
 I try to watch at least one , usually two and often three movies a day -LRB- research for a book on movies dealing in some way with or for kids -RRB- , and I thought I 'd seen every gag possible in a movie . So , at this point I rarely find something new to laugh at in movies . This movie is totally different.First , it is in Russian so you have to read subtitles . Unless we missed something when the subtitles cut off too fast , both my wife and I forgot we were even reading the dialog . It is impossible to adequately describe the humor in this film . In some ways it is slapstick , but much more . Maybe I could say it is British dry humor combined with slapstick to create a whole new form of comedy.The first quality we noticed was that everything in the Tartar village out in the middle of a desert was constantly in a hurry . The girl , Mamlakat , imagines getting intimate with a visiting actor , but when it happens - she does n't really know what happened . Her friend explains things to her . When she realizes that she has become pregnant , she goes for an abortion . Her behavior there is hilarious . However , before she can get the abortion , some other Muslim brothers attack the doctor for their sister 's abortion and he is killed . So , Mamlakat is faced with telling her widowed father she is pregnant.You have never seen a revelation such as this ! I wo n't say what happens , but it is hilarious , yet at the same time very loving . The next thing you know , Mamlakat , her father and brain-injured brother are driving all across Uzbekistan , Tadijikistan , and Kirgizstan in search of the acting troupe to find the father . The three run into all kinds of ridiculous situations , including a ride over the bumpy roads in a blood donor van.Just when you think everything is going to end happily ever after - on Mamlakat 's wedding day to a very gallant young man who is willing to accept the unborn baby as his own - tragedy strikes . You have to see the movie to find out what happened - it is too farfetched , yet perfectly logical-sounding , to reveal here!I do n't know if I should say how the movie ends or not . Let 's say , I hope you believe in magic carpets . Well , it is n't a magic carpet , but just about as unbelievable . Again , it is so funny , yet , to the simple mind of Mamlakat 's brother so logical , you just have to see it to believe it!Few Americans will ever see this movie . If you can find a copy of the DVD that you can afford , do n't miss it . ` Luna Papa ' is funny enough , -LRB- and sweet and loving -RRB- to make you forget you are reading subtitles ! It is unlike any American comedy I 've seen in the last 1200 + movies I 've watched in the past two years .
 When we got Kids Favorite Songs my 18 month old wanted to watch it over and over and over and though he does n't talk yet he could easily hum most of the songs and we felt we had to get Kids Favorite songs 2 but he is n't as enthusiastic about it as the first . It 's a little advanced for his age maybe he will grow into it but for younger kids the first definitely much better and easier to sing along too .
 My son was introduced to Elmo at daycare & loved KFS2 , so I bought it . It was a great buy my husband & I both love it , we sing the songs , know the entire DVD , by heart . My son was 17 months at the time . He recites alot of the DVD . I strongly recommend this DVD . No regrets !!!
 This was my oldest son 's favorite video for over a year - granted , he was pretty crazy about Elmo . Now , my younger son is hooked on it and my older one is enjoying it again two years later . The songs are catchy and both my sons learned them quickly and started singing them in the car . There are certain areas that both my sons found uninteresting , but over time , those areas have changed and they eventually like every scene . The meatball at the end almost squishing Elmo caused a little apprehension for both my son 's at first , but the overall excitement and happy ending makes them giddy -RRB- . There is a little bit of everything in this video including different styles of music , puns , counting , teasing and just plain silliness . Sesame Street delivers a great product once again and even improved on the first Kids Favorite Songs video .
 My daughter liked Kids Favorite Songs that when I saw the second one I bought it for her right away . I did n't like it at first -LRB- I watch them with her -RRB- and she did n't take to it too quickly , but she got a little older and now she loves it . She sings the songs and she likes seeing the other kids . Personally I think there is a little too much talking .
 ... if that tells ya anything.My 20 month old absolutely goes nuts over this DVD . We bought it for her the day after we bought our new minivan with the DVD player . She was not yet 18 months . This is her favorite DVD , and she always ask for this one . I 've purchased other Sesame Street DVDs and other characters ' DVDs , but she begs for this one by singing , `` La la la la Olivia 's song '' . She sings along to most of the songs now and she has n't had it that long . My favorite part is the Mother Goose Jamboree . It 's jazzy ... I love it.I particularly like the little kids talking and singing , and I think my daughter does , too . I even like the little Asian girl who says that Jack and Jill are `` probably English '' . All kids have their own personalities and it 's sweet to see them express themselves . My only complaint is that there are n't any southerners on the show -LRB- wink wink -RRB- .
 I bought this DVD for my daughter for Christmas and she absolutely loves it . When I ask if she 'd like to watch the Elmo movie she starts dancing around and giggling . Her favorite part is Snuffy singing `` On Top of Spaghetti '' and when the meatball falls off the plate she throws her hands in the air and yells , `` oh no ! '' And then she starts `` sneezing '' . She does loose interest somewhere in the middle but it provides me with a great distraction for her while I make dinner .
 My 19 month old son absolutely adores this video . I think what he likes about it are the children talking in language that is easy for him to understand ... and of course , since he loves Elmo , he loves the fact that Elmo is his guide throughout the whole thing.Yes , there are some annoying moments ... especially the precocious little one who says about Jack and Jill `` they were probably British '' and the same little girl who interrupts `` Ants go Marching '' by reminding us that `` ants do n't have thumbs '' . But all in all , it 's fun time for all .
 My daughter who is 2 loves Elmo . We both enjoy this video.This is the only video she askes to watch . Out of all our Barney , Baby Einstein , Noodlebug , etc. . . I have to admit I may like some of the segments more than her.The 1st time I watched it , I laughed so hard during -LRB- Baby Bear -RRB- `` the bear goes over the mountain '' , my little peanut kept looking at me because she could n't hear the tv . And I really like `` the ants go marching ... '' . Trust me , it 's not just me , my daughter loves it too ! ; -RRB-
 My son is 18 months old and lives by this video !! He rolls a ball across the floor and calls it his meatball as he crawls to get it like Mr. Snuffaloughogus . I thought he wouldnt like all the kids who sing their favorite songs , but I think he likes to watch the other kids . It has a lot of great songs to sing along with and it taught me some new ones to sing with him too . I find Sesame STreet a good learning tool for those who allow their children to watch tv . Obviously , its worked in my case since my son repeats things he sees on the show . Highlyrecommended by a greatful mom.Billy 's Mom
 My 27 mth old was not too interested the first time I put this DVD on , probably b ` cos I had broken the usual routine of putting Fav . Songs 1 . But after a few weeks & till now -LRB- it 's been about 4-5 months -RRB- he really loves it . He likes the actions of the kids in the interviewing segment & does a very good job of imitating them . He is right on when identifying the next song to `` act '' out in the segments . Compared to Fav . Songs 1 , there is more emphasis on real kid 's opinions & what they think some of the song 's words mean ... older kids may enjoy that . Initially my son did n't like the `` non-musical '' parts but since he 's starting to talk / communicate verbally , he shows much interest . Songs are good & known ... personally I would say a good buy . If yr kids liked Fav . Songs 1 , they will gradually enjoy this one -LRB- if not more -RRB- .
 MY son absolutly loves this video !!!! He liked the first one and I saw the second and he was so happy . I think that he likes the kids in this one . He laughs when they laugh and starts dancing to the songs . I would HIGHLY recommend this video .
 ca n't go wrong with this video ... they really are my kids favorites , i had bought this for my now year old daughter and she loved it the same .
 My grandbaby loves Elmo and this DVD is very entertaining & educational ! Product arrived promptly , was as described and well packaged .
 I have a 9 month old son & he is absolutly GLUED to this from the minute it starts . He dances & is so into it . I think this is the 1st video i have ever gotten him to watch . Other cartoons just do n't attract him ... He loves Elmo & all the kids sing with the characters . All really great songs . I DEFINATLY recommend this video for your kids ! My son loves it so much i have just ordered the 1st one for him .
 My 8 months baby loves it !!! , he may not fully understand what 's all about but you can run it a couple of times a day and he sits there still to watch , recomended for everyone
 I can honestly say this is the very best investment I could have made . And , if I would have known it sooner I would have bought it months ago and paid 10 times what I paid for this!My son is a rather busy child and is into everything and always underneath of me . He is always where I am and never does a thing by himself . Pop this video in and he 's gone . He screams when the video starts and gets his spot in front of the tv and starts dancing . The reason I do think he 's in love with this video is because Elmo `` interviews '' actual children and asks what their favorite song is . Then the children either talk about it or sing the song and my son loves kids so he 's glued to the tv . We have quite a collection of Sesame videos but this is by far his favorite . I bought the kids favorite songs 1 today and will see if he loves this as much . The tunes are regular nursery rhymes and my husband and I are always singing these at any given moment because we 've watched it a hundred times!This is soo worth it for the free time we get and the ear to ear grin my son has when it 's on .
 My 17 month old daughter ADORES this video . Not only does my little one love to dance around and sing to the video but this video has taught her how to do the movements for `` Itsy Bitsy Spider '' , `` The Wheels on the Bus '' , `` If you 're happy and you know it ... '' and `` Twinkle , Twinkle , Little Star '' . Also , she can now decipher up from down -LRB- because of the song `` The Brave ole ' Captiain Brown '' -RRB- I am a Kindergarten teacher and this video truely gives toddlers a good foundation to the basics of education . Of course nothing can replace the value of a parent reading to their child , but this video is a MUST HAVE for all parents of toddlers !
 I bought this video for my son when he was 7 mos . old after I found that he loved Kids Favorite Songs 1 . Six months later , he still loves it -- he claps and dances to the music . -LRB- This video is also one of my 14 mos old niece 's favorites . -RRB- Also , now that he is older and is curious about other children , he likes to watch the children being interviewed . As with most Sesame Street music , the songs are arranged beautifully and some of the arrangements are pretty sophisticated . There is a little more humor for adults in this one than # 1 so watching it for the 50th time does n't make you want to pull your hair out -LRB- how can you not laugh when the Mary puppet of `` Mary had a little lamb '' fame admonishes her lamb in a Scottish brogue ? -RRB- . Also , the video includes an episode of Hero Guy , which is always fun . -LRB- By the way , if your child is young -LRB- 3-6 mos . -RRB- , s/he probably will not be able to watch for more than 5 to 10 minutes at a time because of their short attention spans . -RRB-
 My 12 month old daughter absolutely loves Elmo . The Best of Elmo was her favorite from about 9 months , but now Kid 's Favorite Songs 2 has knocked it out of the top spot . I have to admit the first couple of times she watched it she got a little bored so I did n't know how it would go over ultimately . Then she warmed up to it about the 3rd time we watched it and has become the one that makes her smile , laugh , and point -LRB- so cute ! -RRB- the most . She loves listening to and watching the kids Elmo interviews about the songs and of course all the great parts with Elmo . Wheels on the Bus which is on this video has been her favorite song from about 3 months when I would change her diaper and run through the songs and actions to keep her entertained . It 's a hit at our house .
 My grandson started watching Sesame Street Videos when he was only 6 months old . The Best of ELMO was the first video I purchased and he would watch the whole thing without moving.My daughter did not believe it until she saw him . I am a grandma and I own 13 Sesame Videos and my grandson enjoys everyone of them . I know he is learning while he watching .
 My 7 month old loves this DVD . I bought a Thomas the Train video and he did not seem too interested . I put this in and he stopped playing with his toys and just smiled so big when Elmo comes on . Yes , the kid clips where they are being `` interviewed '' and sing horribly out of tune - like most kids do - are not fun for me to watch but I am not the intended audience . My boy seems very interested in watching the short clips of the children . The background is very bright and colorful . The cartoon clips for the songs are enjoyable for him too .
 this is my son 's favorite sesame street video . from the age of about 10 months he really started paying attention to what was going on -LRB- he 's 15 months now -RRB- . my husband & I have watched this video so many times with our son , we recognize all the kids and even know the order of the songs . I would recommend this one over the Kids ' Favorite Songs -LRB- 1 -RRB- since it is much longer in length -LRB- more for your money -RRB- and has kids singing songs themselves in between elmo & the gang . my son loves to people watch and this makes it even more fun for him -LRB- I think -RRB- that he can see actual kids singing these songs .
 After almost a month , our almost-2-year-old still wants to watch this every day , sometimes twice ! The look of this video seems a bit `` fresher '' to me than other recent Sesame Street productions , and the songs are great . I get a kick out of the short `` real kid '' segments , and there 's a lot that 's funny . Snuffy 's running `` meatball '' gag is cute , and Baby Bear 's near-exasperation in `` The Bear Went Over the Mountain '' will make you chuckle .
 I 'm not sure where these complaints of `` too much talking '' are coming from ; this video is 90 % singing . In my opinion , Kids ' Favorite Songs 1 was much more guilty of that particular flaw than this one.Anyway , my one-year-old LOVES music , and this has been the only video so far that he will sit through all the way . Considering his minuscule attention span and the 45-minute running time of this DVD , that 's a pretty big accomplishment . He 's seen it about twenty times and his face still lights up when he hears the video starting up . He also laughs every time Snuffy chases his runaway meatball across the screen . -LRB- Um , you 'll understand when you see it ... -RRB- From my own viewpoint as a parent , even considering that I can be somewhat kids ' music averse , I definitely ca n't complain that this is my son 's favorite . Sure , the songs do tend to get stuck in your head -LRB- God help me if I start singing Elmo 's Song at work again -RRB- , but it 's not particularly annoying as these things sometimes are . The selection of songs is great -- fun , with a combination of humorous and classic tunes , most of which I remember from my own childhood . Some of the kids in the video are pretty cute and add more humor into the mix.Recommended by me , and highly recommended by my kid .
 My daughter LOVES this video , she is only 8 mo old , and we have had it for about a month . She gets so excited every time we turn it on . It gives me 45 minutes to clean the house , and she does n't notice anything but what they are singing as she is dancing along !!
 Never thought my baby would love the same show I loved when I was a kid.She wakes up in the morning and she wants this video right away , even when we get home from going out , she goes for it right away.She dances with the music , sings along -LRB- she tries to -RRB- and she 's only 13 month old.love this product and way more appropriate than most tv shows now .
 My daughter -LRB- 15 months -RRB- really likes this video because she enjoys watching all the other kids sing and talk with the Sesame Street characters . Other reviews have said there 's not enough Sesame Street and too many kids talking , but I think it 's a good balance of both .
 I love this DVD because my 10 month old loves it . We have to watch it at least two times in a row when we watch it -LRB- she fusses when it goes off , ha -RRB- . She was familiar with a few of the songs , but now she hums and clap to all the songs . This is the only show that holds her attention since she enjoys watching kids . Sesame Street rocks !!!
 We bought this DVD because our hard to please 2 year old absolutely loves the first one , Kid 's Favorite Songs.Kid 's Favorite Songs 2 consists of Elmo running around Sesame Street asking questions & recording kids talking about their favorite songs . Unlike the first , this DVD has a lot of cut scenes where children are talking about & singing parts of their favorite songs with no muppets in sight . The show then cuts into scenes where muppets sing the entire song the children were talking about . There is also a lot of cut scenes where strange cartoons are singing the songs instead of muppets.I enjoyed watching Kid 's Favorite Songs with my son , but Kid 's Favorite Songs 2 ? Not so much . If it were up to me entirely , I would rate this rather low , but my son seems to enjoy it for the most part & adores the parts where Elmo is present , & that 's what 's important .
 Kids get to give an opinion of their favorite song and why . Encourages all children to have a voice . The songs and movement gets kids up and moving . My three month old granddaughter wiggles and kicks with the tunes , when she gets toddling she 'll being dancing to it . The music , flashy colors and movement will keep any child entertained no matter what their age .
 My one year old son loves this DVD . He watches it every day during lunch . One of his first mumblings was `` Elmo '' where he would point to the TV to get us to turn it on . I 'm sure he would give this a Five Star review . I 'm giving it four just because he loves it so much . The story is actually clever as it follows Snuffy and his quest to find his giant meatball . I am telling you though , the songs will get stuck in your head and you wo n't be able to get them out ! Imagine this
 Not all DVD 's keep my son 's attention . However , this one is mostly musical with a few pauses to interact with children . At first it lost his attention until the next song . After watching a few times he absolutely loves it ! He pays attention to the question answer time and it has actually stimulated dialogue between us while watching . He is only two so its not serious but has helped spark his interest .
 My 13 onth old loves the Wiggles , but I bought this on a whim not quite sure if she would like it , she loved it !!! I catch her trying to sing with the songs , and she will literally sit on her little bed and watch this , plenty of songs , and very entertaining for a little one with other little kids singing in the dvd . Great buy !!!
 Ok , so Elmo is in this one . But my 1-yr old breaks into the most adorable smile when he sees that funny little red puppet , so I do n't mind . Good songs that even yet-to-utter-their-1st-word kids will enjoy . It also includes the famous Ernie `` Rubber Ducky Song '' . Enjoy !
 My daughters have several Barney DVDs and this was their first Sesame Street DVD . My 2 year and 13 month old love it . This DVD allows for a lot singing , dancing and playful interaction with your little ones . It really is a great DVD and it was a great addition to their collection .
 I have bought every single elmo video , barney video , teletubbies and etc. . . but this Kids Favorite Songs II was only one that caught her attention . It sings nursery rhymes and lullabies that I have been singing to her since she was born , so the songs are familiar to her and elmo actually interviews real children like herself . My daughter is 9 months old and she loves this video more than anything in the world . She wo n't even stop to look at me when I call her name sometimes -LRB- that 's how much she 's so interested watching these other children like herself on tv singing her favorite familiar songs -RRB- . I highly recommend this video because it helps me everyday with settling her down .
 My 10 month old son can not get enough of this video ! The video is almost continuous music , alternating muppets with real kids singing . The kids are all really cute and this is one video I can watch over and over with my son and not get tired of it . I highly recommend this video , especially if your child is too young for most cartoons and videos to hold his attention . I am ordering the `` Kids Favorite Videos # 1 '' , and hoping it will be as good as this one .
 He loves this video . When Elmo comes on he smiles and kicks his leg in anticipation . He likes to see the children sing and tries to sing with them , even though he ca n't talk yet . Excellent video . I would recommend this to any parent .
 This sequel to `` Kids Favorite Songs '' takes an approach in presentation that is different from the first , with Elmo using a video camera to interview children in order to find out what their favorite songs are . This brings an abundance of energy to the project and makes it seem more interactive than a simple , one-sided presentation . The songs are all performed well and the pace is brisk . Most of the songs are standard children 's favorites , though `` Elmo 's Song '' and `` Rubber Duckie '' are included as well . There is also a cute little side story , which begins with Snuffleupagus singing `` On Top of Old Smoky '' and has him chasing his meatball throughout the program . As with most Sesame Street videos , there is a good mixture of both vintage Sesame Street and new material , with Elmo being joined primarily by Zo and Baby Bear . Fortunately , Zo is n't featured as prominently here as she is in other videos because neither my kids nor I can stand to watch her for prolonged periods . At approximately fifty minutes , this one runs about twenty minutes longer than most other Sesame Street videos . Really my only complaint would be some of the editing , which sometimes disrupts the flow of action ; there is a trifle too much back-and-forth . Even with this , my kids -LRB- ages one and three -RRB- really enjoy this one and one little girl , Wendy , is one of the cutest kids on the planet . 4.5 / 5 stars
 My 4yrs old daughter loves it very much . She loves the songs and the cartoons . She finds the rolling meat ball particularly interesting . My 2 yrs old son likes the songs , too . As an adult , I find it enjoying to watch the video . The new version of the song ` if you are happy ' is very creative .
 enough for 4 stars . Actually he stays glued to the tv when I play it and he is only 5 months old . I bought this in the VHS edition for $ 5.96 at Wal-mart to see how my son would like it since he seems enraptured with Sesame Street on PBS . I certainly agree with the other reviewers comments on the quality of the overall video and the amount of talking as opposed to music . However this does not seem to bother my son and since he loves it I gave it 4 stars for that reason . I have already gotten my money 's worth out of this video and it is a good one to begin with if you can pick it up cheap .
 My 18 month old absolutely ADORES this video and it is by far his favorite ! He loves watching the kids talk - but loves all the music , skits , and singing . His favorite thing to do is call out `` NO ! Meatball ! '' As an adult viewer of this video , a couple of the kids become almost too annoyingly painful to watch ... `` Jack and Jill were probably English '' , `` Ants do n't have thumbs '' , and then the little boy on the `` If your happy and you know it ... '' bit burdens viewers with a completely awful display of over acting . Most importantly though , it encourages my son to verbalize new words , and with him in the running as Elmo 's biggest fan - it is a great great DVD .
 My baby -LRB- now 10 months -RRB- has enjoyed this video for several months already . She loves to `` dance '' with the music , and she is fascinated by all the children in the DVD . As she gets older and learns to sing the songs , I think she 'll have even more fun .
 Our two year old loves this video . The songs often sound slightly different than the traditional , which I think helps them learn about music . She 's already learned a lot of the words for many of the songs . The first version of this DVD was very disappointing , I recommend only buying this one .
 My twins really loved Sesame Street - Kids Favorite Songs , and so I bought this DVD as a follow-up to that . At first they did not like it , but after about the third attempt to show them this video , now they really enjoy this . In fact , I think they actually prefer Kids ' Favorite Songs 2 to the other one . My girls especially like the `` Rubber Ducky '' segment , however one of them really does not like the part with the mouse singing `` Hickory Dickory Dock '' . It is amazing how they can express their musical tastes at such a young age , even though they can not articulate it .
 I almost did not purchase this video due to some bad reviews but I am so glad that I did ! `` Kids favorite songs '' was a big hit with my 18 month old so I was so glad to see there was a second one . The 45 min run time opposed to the first one @ 30 min was a big plus . We love the variety of songs , they are classics and very up beat . My little one claps and stomps along every time . Where others did not enjoy the children interviews , we liked it and do not mind the kids singing . This video has become a favorite in our house and always has us singing along !
 My 1 & 2 year old daughters love to join the cast of sesame street to sing and dance to all the songs in this video
 I bought this 5-6 years ago on VHS for my son and he absolutely loved it . I now have a two year old daughter and had to order her the dvd . She loves it , too . Like it much better than part 1 .
 You can let your child watch this all day long and not worry about the content getting into her head . It 's all meant for children . My toddler and I love it !
 There was one scene in this dvd when puppet Rosita sung a lullabye to a little child . The tune seems pretty sad to my little one that she usually cry everytime she watches this part.I usually rent at blockbuster online now I went ahead and buy her own copy .
 My 21-month old loves this DVD . He loves Elmo in general & I think he likes seeing other kids singing songs . They could 've made it a tad longer , in my opinion . I taught him to march around when `` The Ants go Marching 1 by 1 '' song comes on & he thinks that 's really fun . He only gets bored during the lullaby so we often skip over that one . I would recommend it though . It 's good clean fun and teaches them songs .
 Again , my Grand daughter is in love with Elmo , she watches it over and over . . sings ago and learning words and putting sentences together ... she 's only 2 ! I like to watch her enjoy something so much ...
 Great video ! I highly recommend this video . Just seeing the older version of Ernie in the bathtub singing `` rubber ducky '' makes this video worth every penny ! My 9 month old is just starting to get interested in videos and he loves this video . He has even started dancing with the video and loves watching the kids !
 My 16-month old nephew loves this video . He sings and dances along with the songs and just becomes mesmorized . A very good purchase .
 I cam across this VHS at a yard sale , and thought my daughter would like it . This has become her absolute favorite now and even prefers it over Barney ! -LRB- which is hard to top -RRB- . She is almost 2 and knows every song and will follow along with the dancing and singing , and she is shy when it comes to people watching her dance , so we very rarely get to see this side of her . Everyone in our family knows this tape word for word , and have recently added The first Kids ' Favorite Songs to our collection , and is also already becoming a hit ! Highly recommended .
 I gave this a 4 star because it does n't keep my child 's attention as well as the other Sesame Street DVDs do . It has popular kid 's songs instead of original Sesame Street songs . Also , there are lots of real people in it , instead of all Sesame Street characters . It 's still good , but not as good as others .
 Actually , if you are preschooler , this is a great video . True , the Ant/Itsy Bisty Spider lady does grate my nerves and `` The Noble Duke of York '' is turned into a politically correct `` Captain Brown . '' But the video is n't suppose to appeal to adult - the target audiance are preschoolers . And it works . My three year son could watch it all day . The songs are good , clean , children 's classics . And there is a nice mix of girls/boys and ethnic children . And I the `` extra '' skit after the credits is cute . I would rank this a five star video except for all the advertisements at the end of the tape .
 My daughter is in love with the Kid 's Favorite Songs video , so we got this one for Christmas . While there are some `` interview '' type things on the video that are a little annoying -LRB- kids talking about what things mean and what their favorite songs are -RRB- they still do not take away from the fun of this video . `` The Bear Went over the Mountain '' and `` The Wheels on the Bus '' are definite favorites in my house . This video , like it 's predecessor , are fun and will have your kids singing and dancing for many many viewings !
 I did n't think another dvd could exist that is as insanely popular at our house as Kids Favorite Songs , but Kids Favorite Songs 2 hit it out of the park , and mom and dad are thrilled to be watching something else . ;-RRB- Not that the first one is n't charming , I personally find Elmo pretty great . And I especially find my daughter 's being riveted by it , time and again when I am making dinner to be absolutely priceless .
 The first few times I watched this with my two year old , I was really annoyed by it . As in , I wanted to give it away to someone I did n't like much so we would n't have to deal with it anymore . There was way too much randomness compared to the first Kid 's Favorite Songs - it cuts back and forth from Elmo to kids , to Elmo , to kids , to a skit , to kids , to this meatball storyline , etc. . It felt very disjointed . And if you 're expecting a Elmo-heavy video , you 'll be disappointed - it 's more random children talking about songs than anything else . What Elmo does the most is walk around for a few seconds , say something , laugh , and point his video camera at you.That being said ... . When I left it alone for a while and then came back to it , I had a much better opinion ... I do like : ... that there are kids talking and singing the songs in their own way , however off-key they might be . It 's not as disjointed as I first thought it was , it just seemed that way because I was expecting something similar to the first Kid 's Favorite Songs dvd ... it felt almost like a tv episode v/s a miniature movie - it would have `` commercials '' that came up during breaks in the overall storyline -LRB- Snuffy loses his meatball . -RRB- ... there is enough kid-action in this one to involve the viewer -LRB- marching , hand movements , etc. -RRB- ... various themes were touched on - nursery rhymes , songs about animals , etc. ... it 's not Elmo-heavy , and uses Rosita , and Baby Bear , and other characters to sing the songs ... you get the entire On Top of Spaghetti song from Snuffy . -LRB- That may not seem like a big deal , but I enjoyed it - when 's the last time you heard the * whole * song ? -RRB- ... a variety of song animations and skits -LRB- except the nursery rhyme one , that 's still a little odd to me , but that 's okay -RRB- . My two year old really enjoys the Bug Lady songs and the singing turtles . -LRB- I like Little Bo Peep . -RRB- ... that there were songs I was unfamiliar with -LRB- Captain Brown , Follow Me -RRB- , as well as the classics -LRB- Rubber Ducky , On Top of Spaghetti -RRB- ... That it ends with a -LRB- rather long -RRB- rousing rendition of Elmo 's Song , which has led to my daughter singing `` La la la la -LRB- her name 's -RRB- song '' at random times.All in all , we 've come to enjoy this dvd , and I 've even ordered it as a gift for people -LRB- who I do like : -RRB-
 This is an excellent DVD !! Following up on the original Kids Favorite Songs , this DVD kicks up the fun to another level for your little one . This DVD includes actual children -LRB- from preschool age to mabye about 2nd grade it looks like -RRB- and they hilariously give their take on their favorite songs and nursery rhymes even singing in their own ` melodious ' sort of way . This DVD is very entertaining and your little Elmo junkie will love that most of the Sesame street muppets are there including - yes Elmo is there and he actually narrates this one as well . My daughter is 18 mos and she just loves to see other kids singing , performing and acting silly like herself . . They perform all the kids favorites like Mary had a little lamb , Itsy Bitsy Spider , Jack & Jill , If you 're happy and you know it and the list goes on . . Parents this will definitely keep your little busy body entertained throughout the whole show and hopefully give you some peace and quite for at least half an hour ...
 I purchased this after my 2 yr old son kept begging to watch it after we returned it to the library . It is not all songs -- there are parts with the children being interviewed , but my kids love those parts , too .
 My 11 month old daughter simply loves this . I have ordered many other Sesame Street DVD 's but so far nothing else can compare . She loves the songs , the characters and the children in this sing-a-long . It features Sesame Street characters and young children singing songs such as `` The bear went over the mountain '' and `` On top of Spaghetti '' plus many more . Her older brother and sister and I all like to watch it with her , and it has helped me remember songs that I had forgotten so that I can sing them to her also . This is the only DVD that she will keep watching while I cook supper or put a smile on her face when she is feeling grouchy .
 My little man loves this DVD so much that he has to watch it every day . He can be completely crabby and ornery , but the second I put this DVD in , he starts smiling ang laughing . He loves watching the kids and he LOVES his Elmo . It 's nice to have this as back up for when you just ca n't make your baby happy .
 We bought Elmos Favorite Songs 2 first , and then a few months later bought Elmos Favorite Songs . Needless to say , we LOVE # 2 WAY BETTER !!!! Much more interative and fun !
 I love this video !!! I had this video for my first child 10 years ago and he loved it . I now have a 12 month old and I recently purchased it for him , he enjoys Sesame Street and the Crew !!! I definitley recommend it !!!
 As a mother of twins , this video saved me !!! It kept their attention to allow me to shower . We had to buy a second copy when the vhs tape wore out . I highly recommend it . Fun to sing along and cute kids in the video that capture a child 's attention . Highly recommend !
 My two-year old grandson got hold of his original DVD and broke it while trying to get it out of the case . He calls it `` Snuffy 's Meatballs '' because of the way Snuffy chases his runaway meatball throughout the DVD while singing the song `` On Top of Spaghetti . '' This DVD purchased was a replacement for the original that he broke . Needless to say , he is very careful with this one . Both the songs and skits are very entertaining !
 This is one of my 16mo daughter 's favorite dvds . I think she connects with the video of other kids singing their favorite songs . And the Elmo 's song at the end is particularly good . She is also a fan of the original Kids Favorite Songs , which is good for different reasons .
 Very happy with the product and was impressed by the fast delivery.SAMR in Kentucky
 It exciting to see our 17 mo old has so much interest in this Elmo video . I could walk away and pick up a few things around the house to find him in his same spot just smiling and staring at the tv . It has so many kids singing , and we all know that kids have some interest in seeing other kids , that he loved it . You know as well as I do , that if something will keep your baby still so you can clean the house and he/she is not getting into stuff ... then this is a MUST BUY . My DVD cracked so I was desperate to buy another one ... THANK GOODNESS FOR AMAZON.COM , I would be so lost without this video .
 This is a great movie . Like it was made yeserday . Punk , beat in sensibility . About young people struggling on the fringes.Also the review that follows mine is right . A guy named Ray Carney just wrote an amazing book about the movie that has incredible behind the scenes details that no one ever knew before . Cassavetes revealed them to Carney before he died in a Rosebud conversation . Check out the book titled Shadows and another titled Cassavetes on Cassavetes along with the film . It 's available here if you type in Cassavetes ' name under books . Also Carney has a web site that you should check out with lots of other Cassavetes material.I love this movie ! And the books about it .
 This intense , hysterical , loud , sweet and sour film was NOT an IMPROVISATION despite the end title ! Neither were Cassavetes other films , in the classic sense of IMPROV . Improv was sparringly used in the writing of the scripts , but Cassavetes was a WRITER who knew what he was doing more than people give him credit for . This is a major crime against one of the greatest artists of the last 100 years -LRB- wha ? no , seriously -RRB- . To get the real scoop , and an exhaustive , loving take on this important first film by an American original , check out the BFI Film Series edition on SHADOWS , which just came out . It breaks it down and builds it back up , in a way you wo n't believe .
 In constrast to the sanitized images of 1950s television and motion pictures , SHADOWS is like a breath of fresh air . It 's independent filmmaking at its best . You 'll find no silly `` Leave it to Beaver '' and `` Father Knows Best '' plots here . Instead , you have characters that respond and speak like regular people . This is in large part because Cassavetes allowed the actors to improvise their dialog . This is particularly true for the black characters in the film , because they are n't constrained by an outsider 's view of them.There are several stories in the film , but perhaps the most interesting is that of Lelia -LRB- played by Lelia Goldoni -RRB- . Living in a Manhattan apartment with her two brothers , she 's somewhat naive of the world . At a party she meets Tony and they soon hit it off . Just as quickly , things start to sour between them . If it already is n't bad enough , all hell breaks loose , when Tony is unable to conceal his shock when he discovers that the olive complexioned Lelia is actually black.In a Hollywood film , this scenario would have been thrown under the rug or handled in a stiff and artificial manner -LRB- like ISLAND IN THE SUN -RRB- . Fortunately , we get a much more interesting and realistic view of the situation . Granted some of the dialog might be a bit on the nose at times , but when the improv works , it works fabulously.One of the best scenes in the film involves Lelia on a date . Without revealing too much , her dialog is a killer . John Sayles could n't have written it any crisper.As the whole , the cast is very good . All of the major players have the same first names as their respective characters . Rupert Crosse -LRB- who later received an Academy Award nomination for his role in The Reivers -RRB- is very funny in this film . Hugh Hurd -LRB- father of Michelle Hurd on Showtime 's `` Leap Years '' -RRB- is very believable as a frustrated vocalist who is also the caring older brother of Lelia . Also look out for Lynn Hamilton -LRB- perhaps best known for her recurring role on `` Sanford & Son '' -RRB- in a small role.The film is raw , but like sushi there is much to savour here . Just sit back , relax and pop this movie into your machine . A little patience will go a long way with this gem . Check it out .
 Cassavetes in again with another winner ! Granted , a bit of patience is required to appreciate his super-realistic style , but by the end you will feel as though you are a part of this family , and this time in our history , regardless of what race you belong to . The scenes with the younger brother and his friends are so intimate and light-hearted you will wish you had friends like his . Cassavetes made this one with his own production company , which is something wonderful in a world -LRB- Hollywood -RRB- where selling out is the rule . A beautifully touching story of romance and family .
 `` Shadows '' possesses a special place for many would-be film historians as the film that launched `` independent film '' . If nothing else , it launched one of the most chronically misunderstood -- but utterly essential -- series of American film . Lots of small things happen in `` Shadows '' despite its short running length
 Cassavetes ' work has always not gone down the genre-driven , formulaic Hollywood studio system path . Rather , and Shadows is a fine example , he is ever asking the audience questions instead of providing cheap answers . The performances of the players are nothing short of brilliant for nonprofessional actors as are the New York locations . This is a bittersweet comedy which was supposed to be more of a comment on racism but later cutting and reshooting shaped the picture into more of a study on what drives us all
 I recently become a fan of The Criterion Collection . They have such vast and complex movies both old and new . I was quite elated when Hulu began offering these movies to watch . Shadow 's by far is the best . The honesty of this movie is jarring . From its brutal yet beautiful tale of race relations , beat generation , to New York City life really captivates . This is now my all-time favorite movie to watch . I 'll defiantly be saving up my money to buy a copy to add to my collection .
 1950 's observation of race relations , dating , and city life in general . Cassavetes already showed a rare gift for letting characters be more real life than standard movie heroes or villains . Each makes mistakes and each is capable of learning from them .
 Cassavetes was just warming up when he made this in the late '50s , but what a debut ! He 'd have better actors and more focused scenes in future movies , but the willingness to tackle intense subjects in unexpected ways is already here in full force . Race is n't so much the issue in `` Shadows '' as it is an occasion for exploring a whole range of folks uncomfortable in their own skins , from the ` racist ' lover who wants Lelia back to the goofy hoods in Ben 's gang . Cassavetes is especially sensitive to the way that people who are forced to conform to any of society 's ideas -- about the artist , the intellectual or the racial outsider -- can be violent in turn towards others . A great taste of the films to come !
 Great movie . I am thrilled to possess a signed copy by Lelia Goldoni ... Cassavetes is like the finest ... Faces remains one of my top five movies ever . Who 's Afraid of Virginai Woolfe is number one , Midnight Cowboy is number two , Dr.Strangelove is clearly number three , The Best Years of Our Lives is number four , Faces is five , Catch 22 may be six , Meet John Doe number seven , Hud , What Ever Happened To Baby Jane , The Great Dictator , The Marx Brothers , The Cook , The Thief , His Wife , Her Lover ... one of the great pieces of art ever , Hard Days Night , Double Indemnity , Scarlet Street , The Lost Weekend , Days of Wine and Roses , The Apartment , Sleepers , To Kill a Mocking bird , Baby Doll ... one of the greatest , The Last Picture Show , The Day The Earth Stood Still , In Cold Blood , Modern Times and City Lights , Petrified Forest , El Topo , To Sir With Love , The Servant , The Butcher Boy , Caberaet , With Nail and I , Magic Christian , Being There , Looking For Mr Goodbar , The Good , the Bad , and the Ugly , Bonnie & Clyde , The Exorcist , Easy Rider , Dark Victory , Hush Hush Sweet Charlotte , Neighbors , The Jerk , The Onion Fields , All Quiet On the Western Front , Bar Fly was pretty good , Good bye Columbus , Breakfast of Champions is really a hidden gem , it is a bit crazy , The Killing Fields , The Ballade of the Green Berets is a brilliant piece of propaganda , Drug Store Cowboy , Woody Allen movies , same with Chaplin and W.C. Fields , Mae West , Marx Brothers was something that I really grew to appreciate as I got older , Blue Angel , Casablanca , It Happened One Night , Night of the Hunter ... Robert Mitchem was truly disturbing in this movie , even stranger than Cape Fear , Mancherian Candidate ... The Salvador Dali pieces were great , as was the rest of the movie , Kings Row , All the Kings Men , A Face In the Crowd and Network are two of the greatest , The Hairdressers Husband , Psycho ... the best part is when she is in the motel room counting the money , The Birds , Streetcar Named Desire , Suddenly Last Summer , Some Like It Hot , Clockwork Orange , Lost Highways , Five Easy Pieces , Lolita , Attack of the 40 Foot Woman , Gummo is one of the best films in the past 25 years , it really captures the lower white economic class , Imitation of Life , Trainspotting , Boys In the Band ... The French films , Blue , Red and White , each being a specific movie , a number of French and Spanish movies , Conversation , this was a great Gene Hackman movie , The Snake Pit , The Misfits ... a strange exit for three of the greatest , The Hill ... this was a great great movie , Human Bondage , this was a great book as well as a great movie , Johnny Got His Gun was a much better book than it was a movie , but the movie is very commendable considering how difficult it must have been to translate into film ... besides , Dalton Trumbo was a significant writer , as well as a real American hero -LRB- Blacklisted -RRB- , A Tree Grew In Brooklyn , another important film/book , by Sherwood Anderson . There is a collection of art films from 1890 to 1940 that is great . One time in Germany I saw one of the strangest pieces of film sure to exist , it was about 90 minutes of early film clips , it was without a doubt one of the most disturbing things I have ever had the pleasure to view , glimpses of carnage , inhumanity , poverty , everyday life ... it had a variety of tints to it , yellow and blue , electric rails that executed elephants , horses gasping their final breaths , humans staring into space awaiting certain death , babies smiling ... it was some of the most perplexing images . I do not know what it was , I wish I owned it . It was probably filmed in the very early 20th century , if not , some of the earliest film pieces from the late 19th century .
 The remarkable , sometimes infuriating , often brilliant films of John Cassavetes occupy a unique position in American cinema ... Low-budget , partly improvised , inspired by cin&eacute;ma verit&eacute; documentary , and related to underground film , they have nevertheless frequently managed to reach a wide and profoundly appreciative audience ... After drama studies , the young Cassavetes quickly made his name as an unusually unrefined , intense actor , often appearing in films about disaffected , rebellious youth such as `` Crime in the Streets '' and `` Edge of the City . `` Setting up an actors ' workshop , he worked to transform an improvisational experiment into his feature debut ... The result , `` Shadows , '' taking three years to complete and partly financed by his performances in TV 's Johnny Staccato , was a breakthrough in American cinema ... About the effect of racism on an already fraught relationship between two black men and their sister , two of whom pass for white , the film is impressive for its irregular , seemingly formless style and naturalistic performances ... Plot was minimal , mood and emotional apparent truth were everything ...
 If you love movies , you have to be curious . I 'm well aware that it 's not possible , even for the most resistant among us , to see , let 's say , the whole american production of the year . So how could we find the time to admire the european , asiatic , african or south american movies presented each year ? Oh yes ! I forgot one thing . Most of us have a 50 hours working week to digest ... How but how to make the right choice ? I 'm pretty sure that everybody has his own answer to this question . Personally , I choose the movies I see by the name of the director . Because I 'm convinced that the only movies that 'll pass the test of time will be the movies shot by authors-directors . John Cassavetes was one of these authors-directors and his movies are already classics . A few weeks ago , Pioneer has presented SHADOWS , the first movie of John Cassavetes , in the DVD standard . Shot in black and white , with unknown actors , in the streets of New-York , SHADOWS is a magistral first movie . An improvisation if we have to believe the final credits.SHADOWS is the kind of movie which is going to make you love cinema once again and forget all the trashy images you have swallowed this year . It 's not perfect but John Cassavetes was a movie lover and that 's the only thing that matters . He was honest and he deserves respect.A scene access and a two pages essay as sole bonus features . Sound and images are below average but I do n't care . I 'm curious.A DVD dedicated to the independent ones .
 For a fascinating behind-the-scenes info about Shadows and a list of books about Cassavetes ' work , go to Ray Carney 's website dedicated to John Cassavetes -LRB- found through any search engine -RRB- .
 Hi . This is the producer . This DVD is compatible with Region 1 . It should play automatically when loaded . In case you have trouble with it . Push `` STOP '' 2 times , the select `` PLAY '' . Pls email me if you have any problems RBAJAJ -LRB- at -RRB- RLPKRECORDS -LRB- dot -RRB- com
 This was one of the most endearing series ever to hit T.V. My wife who had never seen the show fell instantly in love . We both ca n't wait until more episodes are released . We have all that are currently available . Start churning them out . Great family entertainment and excellent for building values .
 This is the first release from this particular set and as stated - from 1957 - so it is of course going to be the earlier episodes . BONUS FEATURES
 What a wonderful blessing to be able to enjoy the old tv show The Real McCoys !! When it first came out on tv I was too young toenjoy it , but now I watch it almost every day on my DVD player.I have season 1-4 and I wish I had the money to buy season 5 . Iwill buy it as soon as I can.There certainly is NOTHING on tv today that is decent to watch !
 I truly `` Want you to meet the family '' . This was a great comedy . I would love to see more of the seasons copied . It was n't on all that long , but , it was a great show . All the actors , and actresses did a fine job on this show . Walter Brennen at some of his best .
 This is a great way to watch tv as we did as kids . I really like the selection and speedy way it was handled . We have laughed a lot since getting this piece of the past . .
 Really enjoyed this simple and humorous series . Walter Brenan is a classic .
 Other reviewers are correct , this is not for beginners . It is intermediate to advanced and worth every penny.I have both of these volumes -LRB- 1 & 2 -RRB- and I review them every few months as a reminder and touch up to my playing.I think John is a fine teacher , and if people have not learned the language of music , they may find his explanations confusing . Not his fault , but the short-comings of other reviewers -LRB- in my opinion -RRB- . I found his discussions straight forward , plain , simple to understand and challenging to put to the fingers .
 It was an ok movie . I 'm just saying what i think , but they needed a girl who was n't flat as a board for the main girl , just sayin ' . A good comedy , i 'd definetly watch it again . Loved the Napoleon Dynamite spoof at the begining . I say see it , especially if you like romantic comedies .
 Love it , Alyson Hannigan is a genius for doing this movie . She is spectacular .
 The movie was very good . Everyone is saying that it stunk from the reviews but , they are so wrong . They say it did n't make them laugh . It made me laugh ... I think you should see the movie for yourself and trust me , it 's worth your money .
 THIS IS ONE OF THE FUNNIEST MOVIES I HAVE * EVER * SEEN !!!! I THOUGHT IT WAS HILARIOUS AND VERY WELL DONE . I WAS EXPECTING IT TO BE REALLY POOR BECAUSE OF THE NUMEROUS NEGATIVE REVIEWS BUT I LOVED IT ! MY HUSBAND AND I LAUGHED OUT LOUD SEVERAL TIMES . `` DATE MOVIE '' IS VERY , VERY FUNNY MOVIE . IT IS 10X BETTER THAN THOSE STUPID `` SCARY MOVIE '' SPOOFS . IF YOU WANT TO LAUGH OUT LOUD AND OFTEN , WATCH THIS MOVIE !!!!!! 5 + STARS ! MY HUSBAND CA N'T WAIT TO BUY IT NOW !
 i loved this movie ! it was so funny ! everyone hates it but its so good ! it might be my new fave !!!! forget these peoples reviews and see it !!
 I somewhat agree with the person that said `` this movie has a sophisticated sense of humor that I believe only eastern and west coast people will get . '' and the other person that said it truly did have a story line . I watched it with my husband who is 17 yrs older , making him in his 60 's ... he laughed sooo hard during the movie that I think he may have missed some of it and he continued to laugh all night long ! We have a cat that looks just like the one in the movie & I 'd been after him to let me try and toilet train her and the rest of our kitties so this just added to the laughter each time she came around.I would not recommend this movie for my mother or others that are offended by everything . This is a movie that we will keep around when there is nothing else to watch or when we need to forget our problems . I will recommend it to those that like practical jokes and those that really know how to laugh . Not everyone knows how to laugh and so this movie would n't be for them . It 's hard to say too much about it because I do n't want to ruin the surprise element that this movie uses . It is n't a first date movie nor one to show at a family gathering because someone is bound to get insulted . It 's just plain funny !
 Here 's some notes on what I thought , I know its a PG-13 Rating , but a lot of these movies with that rating are good for mid-twenty year olds like myself ! -LRB- I 'll be 27 in Sept. -RRB- I started watching Date Movie , and had to come back to it , but then decided that once I began watching it again for the 2nd time , I could take some notes !!! Here is a little list I 've come up with , that may in fact answer some questions out there ! Here are the definite movies used with stars , and the ones without a star * -LRB- I 'm just guessing -RRB- But I have a ton of movies like 4-5K titles :2000 -2006 references : bridget jones diary * napolean dynamite * my best friend 's wedding * -LRB- 1995 -RRB- jerry maguire * -LRB- mid to late 1990 's -RRB- my big fat greek wedding * meet the parents * -LRB- late 1990 's to 2005 -RRB- meet the fockers * hitch * legally blonde * -LRB- late 1990 's to 2003ish -RRB- the bachelor * princess diaries * star wars * when harry met sally * -LRB- early-mid to late 1990 's -RRB- girls gone wild * the wedding planner * -LRB- late 1990 's -RRB- shallow hal * how to lose a guy in 10 days * michael jackson * sweet home alabama * -LRB- 2002 -RRB- the lord of the rings * along came polly * -LRB- 2002 ish -RRB- paris hilton * -LRB- burger ad -RRB- pretty woman * -LRB- late 80 's to early 1990 's -RRB- mr. and mrs. smith * best buy endorsement * commercial endorsements for dunkin donuts * well duhblackberry -LRB- software development -RRB- * the ` Trio 650 ' handheld -LRB- portable -RRB- * 50 cent 's ` candy shop ' * what women want * -LRB- starring mel gibson -- love this part !!!! -RRB- -LRB- very late 1990 's like 1998 or 1999 -RRB- britney spears * -LRB- - and kevin federline - -RRB- -LRB- - eew - -RRB- kill bill * I 'm not sure on these , but I really have faith that they 're somewhat accurate , here 's a few movie titles/themes/TV Shows , etc. ... that I think were referenced in ` Date Movie ' : Anger Management -LRB- maybe with the food all over the place on her -RRB- The Sweetest Thing -LRB- and it was almost confirmed when I saw the pastor -RRB- maybe the waitress theme from ` It Could Happen to You ` high fidelity -LRB- the song I was told -RRB- the movie that people cracked the mirror in - perhaps the Grudge ` you got served -LRB- I was told -RRB- pam anderson -LRB- HC -RRB- monster-in-lawlittle black book -LRB- I know I 'm pretty sure on this one , but ca n't remember exactly -RRB- the guru -LRB- perhaps -RRB- the price is right -LRB- music -RRB- extreme makeover -LRB- mixed with the bachelor , perfect idea -RRB- nip/tuck -LRB- it has to be , I mean come on -RRB- -LRB- with the whole mayonnaise container-that is so nip/tuck ! -RRB- the mask -LRB- when they unmask her -RRB- sex and the city -LRB- charlotte got her face licked , I know that 's for sure -RRB- pimp my ride -LRB- definitely !!! -RRB- -LRB- and with the garage doing alyson hannigan 's whole get-up , I 'm positive -RRB- are we there yet ? -LRB- the way the hitch character is dressed -RRB- -LRB- also the spinning rims on the SUV , come on -RRB- cast away -LRB- I 'm pretty sure ? -RRB- -LRB- anyone ? -RRB- uptown girls -LRB- square staircase perhaps -RRB- there 's something about mary/duplex -LRB- perhaps a little of each ? for the older neigbor woman scenes -RRB- raising helen -LRB- maybe a little influence with the Indian actress and the sperm sample -RRB- well that 's what I think and for all those people out there who think the themes are so dated , GUESS AGAIN
 You have to like REALLY distasteful , over the top humor to love Date Movie . The humor is pretty frequent , gross and intense all the way through . However , I have to disagree with the people who say the movie did n't tell a story . Maybe it 's not a GOOD story , but a story is clearly there and understandable.You could easily follow along to the story , and the actual storyline segments were located at just the right moments , so it 's not like the entire film was just one disgusting joke after another . There 's a story there , and you do n't have to look hard for it either.I think the diarrhea cat on the toilet was the best joke.If you like this movie , check out Not Another Teen Movie for more of the same .
 My son is really into these types of moves . Always good for a laugh . Not sure he understands everything but that is probably a good thing .
 Ok , first things first , if you do n't like goofy comedy , do n't watch this , but if you loved Mel Brooks goofy movies , naked gun , etc. . You will probably like this movie . I have already watched it twice , once by myself , and the second time with two other people . We all thought it was funny and had a blast trying to figure out the spoofs , so far we came up with the fockers , Mr + Mrs Smith , the wedding planner , Pimp my ride , Star Wars , Kill Bill , The paris hilton Carl 's Jr commercial mixed in with Jessica Simpson 's music video -LRB- not a fan of Jessica Simpson , so do not remember the song , just remember the music video came out right after the Movie about the dukes of hazzard -RRB- any it 's goofy , parts might make ya cringe , but I still laughed all the way through it . I am glad I got the DVD instead of watching it on pay per view on tv , the extra features are good especially the alternate/deleted scenes .
 I love good Satire . The trend that started with the film Airplane , grew into Police Academy and then Scary movie and now into this film Date MovieI go to these type of movies to see how they can throw in Kill Bill with Shallow Hall and make it work . It steals from all the romantic movies of the last 15 years and makes it FUN . The plotline is thin , but the plot are also thin in Airplane and Scary Movie , it is more a slapstick gag fest.Buffy 's Alyson Hannigan is the glue that holds this film together . She seems to have fun with comedy . She does have a flair . To me , this works . Date Movie is a joke a minute piece ... of there is a joke that dont get you , there will be another in a few seconds that will.If you are going for great story or great cinema-DONT GET THIS ONE . Sophomoric is a great way to describe any of these satires ... from Airplane to this . Its a popcorn film for those who love midnight madness movies . I suggest pair this film with Grandma 's Boy -LRB- see my review -RRB- for a night for entertainmentI think this type of film is like MAD magazine , ITS good for a evening 's few laughes and then throw it awayBennet Pomerantz , AUDIOWORLD
 this movie is funny i love it . we all need these nonsense make no sense movies . i love parody films date movie rocks
 Date movie has it 's moments there are about 10 laughs in the movie but it 's understandable . THe only part that is confusing is the kill bill moment I just do n't get it ? Overall it 's pretty good . The farting cat , the dancing in the beginning , and the mr. and mrs. smith spoof were the best parts of the movie .
 I ca n't believe that I actually liked everybody in this film . Each actor did his part -LRB- spoof -RRB- to a tee . Some hilarious scenes -LRB- and a couple of dumb ones -RRB- and one of the sexiest girls I 've seen in a movie in a long while -LRB- Sophie Monk -RRB- . I do n't know what some other reviewers were expecting but this movie makes you laugh out loud and feel good . That 's what I expect from a good comedy and this one delivered .
 I was in the hotel room and i rented this movie on the tv i loved every min . of it i love this movie . I love . It is one of the best movie in the world.Okay I will tell you the stroy.Juile Jones was a fat chubby lady . She wanted to find her Prince Charming . Until one day the diner she sees the man of dreams while serving coffee . Then when she meets hitch he pimps her out . And on the tv show she sees the man at the diner . She finds out his name and his name is Grant . Then she meets Grants best man.Then his best man ends up being A young and sexy lady named Andy . Then Andy wants to be married to Grant . Then andy askes for 1 last kiss . And Juile sees them kiss and runs away . Then he buys all of this stuff and he wants to meet her on top of a building and he has been up there for a long time and he leaves ... . Find out more when you watch the 1 movie !!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 I still think this is one of the funniest movies that I have ever seen . Probably have to be in the mood to see it and want to laugh a lot !
 I read some other reviews on this movie and decided to buy it for my PSP any ways since I love the scary movie franchise . I found that it was just outright HILARIOUS , one of the best movies I 've seen ; the plot is simple and the jokes are stale about 10 % of the time , but I still think you 'd find this movie just as funny !
 THIS WAS A VERY FUNNY MOVIE , IT KEPT YOU CHUCKLING ALL THE WAY TILL THE END . GOOD SHOW ... !!!!!!!!!!!
 I was n't expecting much at all but this is surprisingly one of the better of the recent parody movies . Alyson Hannigan shows she has some real comedic talent . I love her as Lily in How I met Your Mother but she does n't get to show just how funny she is , especially with physical comedy such as wearing the fat suit in this one . She 's long been the sidekick in movies and other TV shows as well such as Buffy the Vampire Slayer but shows with this she can play the leading role . I hope she keeps making How I Met Your Mother but I hope she gets more opportunities like this to be the leading comedy actor in future projects as she has talent I 'd never realised she had before.Some of the films this movie parodies scenes from are , Meet the Parents , Meet the Fockers , Pretty Woman , When Harry Met Sally , What Women Want , Kill Bill , Dodge Ball , Hitch , Shallow Hal , Book of Fate , Jerry Mcguire , Wedding Crashers , Mr and Mrs Smith , Lord of the Rings and King Kong.The parody character of Jinx the cat -LRB- from Meet the Parents -RRB- steals this movie though , watch it for his appearances alone .
 This movie is n't half as bad as people make it out to be . Of course , it 's dumb
 Yes , It is one of those no brainers that you see for nothing more than to have a lot of laughs , and you have to have a little bit of a warped sense of humor to like it , I suppose , but I was surprised at the bad reviews this got.It is every bit as funny as the `` scary movie '' series ... maybe even funnier.Just like it says on the jacket
 Date Movie delivers enough laughs for milk to come out of your nose . It 's mostly about a girl who is overweight , until she is pimped out by the Pimp My Ride guys and becomes a beautiful , skinny woman . Then , she meets a man , and he meets her parents , who are crazily drunk all the time . She then comes across a sexy ex-girlfriend of his , who wants him so badly still . It 's really hard to explain all of this on here , but that 's basically the story . The movie spoofs such romantic comedies as Just Friends , Meet The Parents/Fockers , My Big Fat Greek Wedding , When Harry Met Sally , and My Best Friend 's Wedding . Others include the television show Pimp My Ride , Kill Bill , and a sexy Paris Hilton commercial . The film overall is a hilarious spoof enjoyable for those who love a good laugh .
 You guys really need to get a sense of humor here . Yes , it is childish , yes it is adolescent and yes it is very stupid but there are parts that are damn funny . I really liked this movie and you have to watch it like you are viewing the absurd which you are . This movie is for people that like parodies of other movies taking it to the extreme . I recommend this movie to anyone that has a sense of humor for the absurd . So , put a smile on , sit back and laugh . It wo n't crack your face .
 This movie is so funny , it 's like the scary movie 's , I wonder if it 'll get as big as the scary movie . Don ' think so cause they have more out .
 I love this movie . Its so funny and it can in great condition .
 I am a 13 year old child , who not only likes this movie , but loves it . I find it so hilarious , that i have seen it twice in the past week . If you are a stiff , then no do n't see this movie or you will be grossed out . But I must say , its a really jokes movie , and all the spoofs are awesome !!
 great cast and excellant acting a very funny movie one for the hall of fame
 I 'll have to admit i havent seen the scary movies at all and i found date movie funny . Then again i can laugh at anything . i just have to say if you dont have a easy sense of humor like me . I wouldent watch it . I am easily amused and patient while my sister tried to watch it 2 times and ended up saying she couldent . i liked it so much i would point out . thats from meet the parents !!!!!! fever pitch !!!!!! duplex !!!!!!! I loved it . did anyone catch , remember the baby in the cAR , ` JACK ' he said his first word biatch . when they were throwing stuff out of the camper , I saw ` jack ' get thrown out saying biotch . lol i found that funny . but down straight , if you dont have a easy sense of humor i wouldent watch it .
 From the folks who brought us Spy Hard -LRB- 1996 -RRB- and the Scary Movie horror spoof series -LRB- the first arrived in 2000 -RRB- , Date Movie is a spoof of modern romantic comedies . The flow of comedy material is similar to the Scary Movies . Roughly , from scene to scene , different films are spoofed , with a couple overarching spoofs acting as the vehicles , and the style of humor has an emphasis on absurdism and pushing-the-boundaries outrageousness . So if you 've seen any of the Scary Movies , you should know what to expect here , and if you 've enjoyed them and you have some familiarity with romantic comedies , you should enjoy this film also.I 've seen the first three Scary Movies so far and I 've loved all three . I also enjoyed Date Movie a lot . Anyone who knows me knows I love absurdist humor -LRB- well , and absurdist seriousness , too -RRB- . I also like most of the cast here , and I 've seen most of the rom-coms that serve as spoof material . You would n't need to be familiar with source material to find this funny , but I think it helps . I laughed aloud during most scenes , and I do n't think my face was absent a smile very often . The spoofs are threaded together in a way that makes an amusing , crazy , rom-com like story . You could even find more intellectual themes and subtexts here , but that would be missing the point by a large margin . As Jerry Lewis once said on `` The Dick Cavett Show '' , `` Sometimes a fat lady joke is just a fat lady joke '' . What 's perplexing to me is noting that as of this writing , Date Movie has a 2.7 average from 9,715 votes on IMDb and is currently number 67 on the Bottom 100 list . I can only guess that such a negative overall assessment will probably relax in the future , but what the heck are the complaints about the film ? Are a lot of people really heading into a film like Date Movie not knowing what kind of humor to expect ? Let me head off to some of the reviews to see what 's going on ... ... Alright , I 'm back . Well , the majority of negative criticism seems to fall under a couple categories . First , a few comments are complaining that the humor is `` crude '' , `` disgusting '' , etc. . Similarly , some people seem to not care much for absurdist humor . It 's fine to have those different tastes , but if those folks know that , why would they watch Date Movie -LRB- and especially pay for it at the theater or on DVD ? -RRB- I guess those folks did n't know what to expect . They must have never seen one of the Scary Movies , or they 're not aware enough to have realized that Date Movie would have the same kind of humor ; there 's hardly anything here that 's more risqu&eacute; or crazy than in the Scary Movies.For the second group of negative critics , a couple people seem to not have been able to follow the film . Also , a number of people seem to have been trying to read `` Date Movie '' as a legitimate rom-com rather than as a spoof of rom-coms . A couple people do n't seem to understand the idea of a spoof very well . It 's probably best if I refrain from commenting on these situations , as I would n't be able to say anything very pleasant about those folks ' intellectual capabilities.The bottom line , like always , is to be familiar with your own tastes . Know what you tend to like and why . Then all you have to do is garner a couple basic facts about a film -LRB- such as its genre , who produced , wrote and directed it , etc. , maybe a brief account of the premise , and so on -RRB- , and you should be able to make an intelligent decision about what to watch so that you do n't waste your time and money . Too many people seemed to have watched and reviewed Date Movie who were n't good candidates for the film . Of course , there were also some well written , well though-out reviews from people who disliked Date Movie and who were good candidates for it , but those are few and far between.As for me , I loved it , but I subtracted one point for the fact that it peters out in the end a bit . It does n't help that this is a short film and feels it -LRB- the unrated version is only 85 minutes including about 10 minutes of credits -RRB- . But otherwise , Date Movie is excellent for people who like this type of film .
 This movie is crazy , silly , wacky , dumb , stupid , and weird , but I love it anyway . It 's a great spoof film that picks at the chick flick genre , and many others such as My Big Fat Greek Wedding , Hitch , Meet the Parents , My Best Friend 's Wedding , Kill Bill , and many others . An obese woman named Julia Jones thinks she will never find true love . After Hitch pimps her out , she goes on The Extreme Bachelor , and the bachelor is a man named Grant who begins to fall in love with her . Julia 's dad does n't approve of him because Grant is n't a Greek Indian Japanese Jew . Grant 's ex-girlfriend comes along and tries to split them up . If you have a weird sense of humor like me , I highly recommend DATE MOVIE !!!
 In the 1937 REPUBLIC Pictures programmer , AFFAIRS OF CAPPY RICKS , 42-year-old Walter Brennan once again plays a man considerably older than himself . He stars as a sea captain who comes home to find that his house has been redecorated and modernized by the meddling mom of his daughter 's lamebrained fianc&eacute;.Doors that open on an electric eye system , ugly statues and paintings and a pushbutton kitchen drive Cappy crazy . In desperation , he hatches a subterfuge that just may put his life back into order and simultaneously get the daughter to dump that barnacle she 's soon to wed. . Cappy invites the family , her ex-boyfriend and his future in-laws on a two-day cruise aboard his old schooner.After 48 hours , they 're 400 miles out to sea and Cappy has no intention of turning back . Their itinerary is an 8-week journey to the South Seas despite angry protests from the passengers . Cappy tries assigning work details to everyone but they go on a sitdown strike , so Capt. Ricks puts Plan B into operation.After anchoring 5 miles off a deserted island and faking an on-ship fire , he and all but two crewmen take to the dinghy and row ashore . The smokepot fire is extinguished and Cappy 's schooner heads for Hawaii , which is about a month distant . Everyone but Cappy and the ex-boyfriend -LRB- who 's in on the scheme -RRB- thinks they 're marooned . NOW they 're willing to pull together to survive.Cappy communicates every day with his boat from a radio hidden in the dinghy . When his daughter discovers it she also figures out that the schooner did n't really sink . Just as everything starts falling apart , a news broadcast comes over the radio saying that Cappy 's ship has been lost at sea . Since their island is 300 miles off the shipping lanes , there 's little hope of rescue now ... There 's no huge laughs here , but the story 's decent . The hour passes quickly enough and Mr. Brennan is always interesting . Give this one 3 stars.Parenthetical number preceding title is a 1 to 10 imdb viewer poll rating . -LRB- 5.7 -RRB- Affairs of Cappy Ricks -LRB- 1937 -RRB- - Walter Brennan/Mary Brian/Lyle Talbot/Frank Shields / Frank Melton/Georgia Caine/Phyllis Barry/William B. Davidson
 In the 1937 REPUBLIC Pictures programmer , AFFAIRS OF CAPPY RICKS , 42-year-old Walter Brennan once again plays a man considerably older than himself . He stars as a sea captain who comes home to find that his house has been redecorated and modernized by the meddling mom of his daughter 's lamebrained fianc&eacute;.Doors that open on an electric eye system , ugly statues and paintings and a pushbutton kitchen drive Cappy crazy . In desperation , he hatches a subterfuge that just may put his life back into order and simultaneously get the daughter to dump that barnacle she 's soon to wed. . Cappy invites the family , her ex-boyfriend and his future in-laws on a two-day cruise aboard his old schooner.After 48 hours , they 're 400 miles out to sea and Cappy has no intention of turning back . Their itinerary is an 8-week journey to the South Seas despite angry protests from the passengers . Cappy tries assigning work details to everyone but they go on a sitdown strike , so Capt. Ricks puts Plan B into operation.After anchoring 5 miles off a deserted island and faking an on-ship fire , he and all but two crewmen take to the dinghy and row ashore . The smokepot fire is extinguished and Cappy 's schooner heads for Hawaii , which is about a month distant . Everyone but Cappy and the ex-boyfriend -LRB- who 's in on the scheme -RRB- thinks they 're marooned . NOW they 're willing to pull together to survive.Cappy communicates every day with his boat from a radio hidden in the dinghy . When his daughter discovers it she also figures out that the schooner did n't really sink . Just as everything starts falling apart , a news broadcast comes over the radio saying that Cappy 's ship has been lost at sea . Since their island is 300 miles off the shipping lanes , there 's little hope of rescue now ... There 's no huge laughs here , but the story 's decent . The hour passes quickly enough and Mr. Brennan is always interesting . Give this one 3 stars.Parenthetical number preceding title is a 1 to 10 imdb viewer poll rating . -LRB- 5.7 -RRB- Affairs of Cappy Ricks -LRB- 1937 -RRB- - Walter Brennan/Mary Brian/Lyle Talbot/Frank Shields / Frank Melton/Georgia Caine/Phyllis Barry/William B. Davidson
 I enjoyed the movies and even though they are old it was a good buy .
 FOR ADULTS ONLY ! Originally given a `` X '' rating . Now Rated `` R '' . Running Time
 I saw this when is came out in the 70 's and it was funny and sexy . I saw a copy in a video rental store in the 90 's and watched it again . Granted women today are in better shape but the situations are just as funny as they ever were . Watching us rough , horny men back the truck up when we actually watch our fantasies unfold is just too funny . A great study in human nature at it 's truest .
 Would you rather hear a lecture on sex from a stuffy professorial type or a nude statuesque blonde with a beehive hairdo ? Allen Funt , host and creator of TV 's `` Candid Camera '' , proves to be a genial tour guide that is America 's minefield of the birds and bees . There are any number of amusing stunts on hand here but there are two segments that prove indelible . One concerns interviews with people about interracial relationships . Another is interviews with teenagers about their sexual experiences . I do n't know what 's sadder the kids ' misconceptions or their parents ' reactions to what their offspring are saying . I was expecting a dated exercise but Funt 's film is timeless because as much as things have changed so little has n't . This was originally slapped with the `` X '' rating but today it would be borderline `` PG-13 '' . For you ladies out there it 's not only female nudity on display . Funt throws you a bone by including a segment involving a nude male artist 's model . Look quick for Richard Roundtree .
 There 's not much to say about the actual film . It 's dated , and represents a time in society that has passed ; something like this could not be done today . For this reason , it remains a curiosity . It 's also not nearly as raunchy or explicit as it 's reputation makes it to be . It does have frequent nudity , male and female , but it 's not done salaciously - tasteful , if you will . It 's almost done in an innocent way.Now for the DVD - for the first time -LRB- in the US , anyway -RRB- , it is presented in it 's original aspect ratio , 1.85:1 , and is 16x9 enhanced . The picture quality is quite stunning . I could not tell if this was a matted presentation , or if it opens up from the -LRB- assumed -RRB- panned-and-scanned VHS full-frame version , but the framing looks good here . The only extra is it 's original theatrical trailer .
 It is an interesting take on how America views nudity . The rest of the world is very open about nudity and sexuality.With America it is very much a guilty pleasure , something that should be hidden.As it works out , American movies that portray movie violence i.e. shootings , death and torture as the norm and Sex and nudity as not normal have it backwards!This movie shows what is wrong in America , with some fun nudity in unusual places.It is a breath of fresh air , the human body nude is natural ! Bloody violence and death are not !!! Great movie !!!
 This was great when I first saw it in the theaters years ago . I bought a VHS copy some years ago and player died so i ordered a DVD .
 This review is broken into two parts
 I 'll read anything John LeCarre has written and I 've enjoyed him for years . The film treatments of his work have been uneven . I thought Russia House not so great ; the recent Tinker , Tailor , Soldier , Spy was well done . This treatment is well done and entertaining , and is authentic to LeCarre 's world of espionage as being driven sometimes by fools and charlatans . Brosnan nails Andy Osnard , the burnt-out cynic who is now playing the game for his own benefit and Geoffrey Rush captures Harry Pendel , the hapless victim turned co-conspirator whose collaborations nearly trigger an unnecessary catastrophe . It 's highly entertaining if you like the LeCarre world .
 Enjoyable . A good story with a serious backdrop handled with a deft touch of humor . Moves quickly . Kept my interest and attention for the full approximately 2 hours .
 Geoffrey Rush is excellent as Harry , an Englishman with a sadly shady past who has re - invented himself in Panama as the best tailor inthe country , making clothes for the rich and politically powerful . Into his world comes Osnard , played by Pierce Brosnan . A morallycorrupt , self-serving MI6 spy , sent to Panama as a last chance after seducing a European diplomat 's wife.Many were bowled over by the irony of casting Brosnan , so associated with James Bond , as this much realer , creepier Bond alter ego . Aman who is handsome , and self-confident , but whose endless seduction of women seems smarmy not sexy , and who delights inscrewing other people while profiting himself.For me the casting was actually problematic . Brosnon 's terrific , but the irony is so distractingly obvious , that it pulled me out of thestory , and made me think too much about film and our hero images instead of simply accepting the character . Beyond that , Osnardis drawn a little too broadly for my taste . He 's so transparent , I have a hard time he gets anyone to trust him even for a moment.If his inner self-serving pig were a bit better hidden , it might have given the audience more to unravel , and make other characters ` willingness to do his bidding a bit easier to buy.The mix of tones also was a bit of a misfire for me . Never quite darkly funny enough to ascend into true satire , but certainly neveredgy enough to be taken seriously , there 's a lack of danger here . Unlike ` Dr. Strangelove ' , we never really think Harry and Osnard ` sgames will reduce Panama to a pile of rubble , and the intimation of it seems false and a bit silly.Yet , all that complaining is because the movie is good enough , smart enough , brave enough and entertaining enough that I felt frustratedit did n't quite work as brilliantly as is should . But I 'd certainly still recommend it , in spite of my long winded misgivings , and I 'm also willingto give it another look .
 Set in Panama just after the fall of Noriega , the plotting finds the country in disarray . Noriega is gone but the drug trades and corruption still exist . So , instead of sending in James Bond , MI6 sends in a second chance agent -LRB- played by Pierce Bronson -RRB- . It is obvious to the viewer that Pierce Bronson had a lot of fun making the movie and you will too watching it .
 A little different spy movie and I believe one of Pierce Brosnan 's first after 007 . It 's probably a little more accurate as to what spys actually do , albeit with a twist . I ownedTailor of Panamathe VHS and wanted the DVD version . I searched the discount bins and decided to order on Amazon . Cost was the same and the seller shipped almost immediately .
 I 've watched and enjoyed `` The Taylor of Panama '' several times now . It seems to represent co-producer John Le Carr&eacute; 's homage to Graham Greene , Ian Fleming , and a spoof on the spy genre-film in general -LRB- It even includes a humorous pot-shot at `` Casablanca . '' -RRB- . Geoffrey Rush turns in a moving performance as Harry Pendel , the tailor , whose fantasy life makes him all too vulnerable for the enticements and blackmail of the seedy would-be , but never-actually-was , James Bond -- Andrew Osnard , a burnt-out MI-Sixer , banished to Panama as punishment for peccadilloes in foreign postings -LSB- Pierce Brosnan does an engaging satire on his cinematic Bond aplomb . -RSB- . Between the fantasies of Pendel -LRB- whose dead but not-so-silent partner is portrayed by Harold Pinter -RRB- the situation soon gets out of hand and almost ruins Pendel 's marriage -LRB- His wife is played by Jamie Lee Curtis . -RRB- ; it destroys his loyal Panamanian friends , and almost starts a war . And while Osnard and most of his colleagues prove to be as corruptible as they are mendacious , the tailor finally comes clean with his wife and mends his marriage.Behind the satire is one of Le Carr&eacute; 's favorite topics , the willingness of Intelligence services to believe what they want -LRB- in this case the presence of a `` silent opposition '' to the local government -RRB- , and , in the name of expediency , to spin the most tenuous threads into colorful yarns that they then weave into plausible fabrics and preposterous fabrications . Le Carr&eacute; therefore seems to be suggesting that the various intelligence services with their vested interests are all accomplished tailors .
 I really like this little spy film . Great performances all around . A real change of pace .
 If before the release of John Boorman 's adaptation of John le Carre 's `` Tailor of Panama '' -LRB- scripted by the novel 's author himself -RRB- anybody had told me I 'd ever see Geoffrey Rush and Pierce Brosnan costarring in the same movie , I 'd have snapped `` And pigs fly '' in response . Apparently I was n't alone in that feeling , as Mr. Rush himself said much the same thing - although more politely - in an interview broadcast around the time the movie hit the theaters.Yet , on second thought , who 'd have been more appropriate to play James Bond 's evil twin than the latest incarnation of Bond himself ? Who more appropriate to play the story 's multifarious title character than the actor who shone in complex roles like David Helfgott , the Marquis de Sade and Shakespearean theater owner Philip Henslowe?Going in , I did n't doubt that Geoffrey Rush would be an amazing Harry Pendel - the role of the seemingly pathetic antihero , the little man desperately trying to maintain his dignity in the face of overwhelming odds fits him like a glove ; and he does indeed give a bravura , almost Chaplinesque performance . The greater surprise for me was Pierce Brosnan , who takes every single Bond cliche and merrily runs with it in the opposite direction
 If you are expecting a dark , nervous spy thriller , you 'd better look elsewhere . But if you are in the mood for something a little out of the ordinary , something darkly humourous , then you may enjoy Tailor of Panama as much as I did.The director , John Boorman , directed Deliverance , and also Excalibur , the Year of Living Dangerously and Zardoz -LRB- a futuristic film with Sean Connery in a red loin cloth and a large flying stone head . -RRB- So you can see that Boorman can be a bit , well , unusual . In The Tailor of Panama , he takes us for quite a ride.Brosnan plays Andy Osnard , a disgraced spy with a penchant for other men 's wives . This peccadillo is gracefully overlooked by the higher-ups until he oversteps himself and goes after another man 's mistress . MUCH worse , so Osnard is exiled to crummy Panama , where everthing is for sale and nothing is the real goods . He meets Harry Pendel , ably played by Geoffrey Rush , a tailor to the powerbrokers and ex-con . Osnard drags the hapless tailor into a web of espionage and blackmail . But Pendel has a few tricks up his sleeve.The cast is excellent , and the filming adds an interesting surreal tone by careful control of the lighting . If you are in the mood for something a little different in the spy genre , you might enjoy The Tailor of Panama .
 Based on the novel by John LeCarre , this action-packed screenplay by Andrew Davies and LeCarre showcases Panama City in the heady times immediately before the Canal was turned over to Panamanian control . Andrew Osnard -LRB- Pierce Brosnan -RRB- , a free-wheeling British intelligence officer in the doghouse with his superiors , is assigned to Panama to be sure that `` the world 's biggest trade gate does not fall into the wrong hands . '' Meeting tailor Harry Pendel -LRB- Geoffrey Rush -RRB- in his shop , Osnard observes that Pendel has contact with all the important members of the Panamanian government , the opposition , the press , and the diplomatic corps , and , using blackmail , recruits Pendel as a spy for Britain.When the tailor does not discover any information and is squeezed for it -LRB- because he has debts due -RRB- , he makes it up stories about a `` silent opposition , '' the machinations of the French and Chinese to acquire the Canal , and the negotiations of a corrupt government for its sale . Soon American and British diplomats are arming and preparing for war to ensure that the Canal stays in `` friendly '' hands.The plot is nearly identical to that of Graham Greene 's famous novel and 1959 film of Our Man in Havana , and the viewer will find few , if any , surprises as the meddling by Osnard and Pendel unfolds . Lacking a strong plot , Director John Boorman has ensured that interest remains high , however , by filming on location in Panama City with its night life , festivals , and parties and by giving Osnard -LRB- Brosnan -RRB- a libido that controls his life . Attractive women , such as Francesca -LRB- Catherine McCormack -RRB- at the British Embassy and even Pendel 's wife -LRB- Jamie Lee Curtis -RRB- fall under his spell , and more than a few `` Janet Jackson moments '' keep the viewer tantalized.A glitzy film which offers plenty of exotic atmosphere , violence , sex , and intrigue , the film lacks only the chase scene which would have converted Brosnan from Osnard to James Bond . Rush , as always , gives a sterling performance as the bumbling tailor , frantic to keep his wife from knowing of his debts and his years in prison . Curtis does a fine job of acting , but it feels like acting , and it is almost impossible to imagine her married to someone like Pendel . Enjoyable and fun to watch , as long as one does not look for depth in the plot or characters , this film provides plenty of amusement and light entertainment for those not offended by the strong language and sexual content . Mary Whipple
 I could see why the film would n't appeal to everyone since it is as the Director / Producer John Boorman described a rather `` rich brew '' . It is at once and in turn is a spy thriller , a black comedy , realistic , fantastical , languid , frenetic , a tragedy and a farce . It 's a difficult mixture to balance . Evidently for some it did n't work , but for me it did in spades.Geoffrey Rush is very fine indeed as the Harry Pendel the Tailor who 's a dreamer that likes to tailor the truth to make life more beautiful as well as easier . He 's at once a good man and a weak man , a poet and a buffoon , and even as his lies are fueled by greed , fear and a need to feel important , they are also fueled by friendship and the overwhelming desire to spin a good yarn and to please -LRB- even those he does n't like -RRB- . The character is also the vortex for all those above mentioned competing strands . It 's a marvelously textured performance.If Harry is the vortex then Brosnan 's Osnard is the catalyst , and what a magnificent one he is . He is as advertised a complete and total cad ! A machiavellian rotter without conscience or shame -LRB- and language to make a sailor blush -RRB- . He 's also a heat seeking missile for information , money and sex ... and not necessarily in that order . One reviewer described him as a cobra . It 's a perfect description . He 's seemingly languid , and it 's not just the effortless charm , the devil may care grins but the relaxed body posture , the loose and ill-fitting clothes , the way he flops himself onto couches , hammocks , beds etc. . Yet he emanates danger
 With a tip of his hat to Graham Greene 's `` Our Man In Havana '' the headmaster of spy thrillers , John le Carre , gave us `` The Tailor Of Panama '' in 1996 . Laced with humor and intellectual satire it was , as always , powerfully written with fully realized characters and an intriguing plot line.Rather often transferring a book to the screen can be disappointing for those who relished the print version . Such is surely not the case with this film , which was co-scripted by le Carre . The movie version retains all of the novel 's original luster while burnishing the story with standout direction , a superb cast , and steamy scenery.British agent Andrew Osnard -LRB- Pierce Brosnan -RRB- , whose career seems to be on shaky ground , is packed off to Panama charged with sending information back to his government . He 's warned not to mess up in this place described contemptuously as `` backwater . '' Our first on screen sight of it would confirm that identification . It 's a heat filled morass loaded with double dealers.To assist him in his mission of ferreting out secret material Osnard chooses Harry Pendel -LRB- Geoffrey Rush -RRB- , the tailor of the title and proprietor of a shop catering to the rich and powerful in Panama . Pendel is compliant when approached by Osnard ; the tailor is eager for money to pay off ill chosen investments . Married to Louise -LRB- Jamie Lee Curtis -RRB- , a scrupulous aide to a goverment official , the tailor has a happy and satisfying home life that he wants to maintain.Trouble is he lies . When Osnard wants more info Pendel elaborates , building imaginative story upon story . Osnard turns over this false information to the British government , which reseults in top level meetings regarding the fate of the Panama Canal.Brosnan does an about face in the role of Osnard , offering a suitably malevolent portrayal of a duplicitous all-for-himself charmer . Rush is a gem - imbuing Pendel with both fear and yearning as he senses that his world is tumbling around him.Adding to the first-rate cast are Leonor Varela as Marta , a disfigured activist who is Pendel 's assistant , and Brendan Gleeson as her ill-fated compatriot . Shot on location in various areas of Panama the film is a feast for the eyes.Again , three cheers for le Carre , and now another three cheers for Producer/Director John Boorman .
 John Le Carre is the master of slow-moving , intricately plotted mysterious doings in foreign lands . His method never fails to unnerve me , as I try to figure out what will happen next . What happens next is usally , as in The Tailor of Panama , a crescendo culminating in tragedy although not necessary a `` win '' for the bad guys . Often , a `` lose '' for the `` good '' guys , if a reader can figure out which is which . Which is why I love reading Le Carre and watching the subsequent movie or DVD or both .
 Here is a satire on the `` real '' life of secret agents . Pierce Brosnan portrays what amounts to a spoof of his James Bond character . Geoffrey Rush steals the show as a bumbling , Joe-nobody tailor who wants nothing more than to live a quiet life with his family and be left alone.The humor in this movie is very subtle . It is a dry comedy that is the opposite of slapstick . What we end up laughing at is how it makes fun of the so-called `` adventerous '' life of a spy . Instead of the glamour of James Bond , we get the `` ho-hum '' reality of just how banal the life of a spy can be.Working for the government myself , I could especially relate to the bit about the bureaucracy shoveling millions of $ $ down the drain for the most frivolous of causes . I can state for the record that this sort of thing DOES happen.A word of caution is in order about this film . The author spent time in the spy business as his profession . He ends up pulling no punches in mocking the Intel biz . People who work for the CIA , NSA , FBI and Pentagon are sure to be offended by this DVD . Just remember - it 's all in good fun !
 This adaptation of Le Carre 's novel proves to be a success . The dialogue and direction are good , but the performances of Brosnan and Rush stand out . Brosnan finally shows us his range as an actor , playing a fantastic bad guy . Rush plays his tailor just as well . I loved this movie , but I could definitely see how some people might not like it . If you like spy movies , this will be pleasantly surprising , but if you do n't , you could find yourself in for a long two hours .
 The Tailor of Panama is a smart , talky , clever character-based spy thriller . It 's not a film loaded with action however . It is based on John le Carre 's 1996 novel which was very much inspired and somewhat derivative of Graham Greene 's satric spy novel
 I saw this DVD last night and really enjoyed it , in spite of the fact that Pierce Brosnan plays one of the main characters in the movie . You see as far as I 'm concerned the only James Bond ever has to be Sean Connery , forget Moore and Brosnan ... The movie is a neat little anti-Bond story in that Brosnan arrives in Panama , shortly after Noriega and before the canal was turned over . Brosnan , as a member of the Brit secret service need to make contact with a Brit ex-patriate to help him move around the city and get enough truth into his scam to rip off both the Brit and the US goverment for milions in bribes . The scam is to convince everyone that there is a ` silent opposition ' that is left wing leaning and ready to overthrow the government of Panama and turn the canal over to the Chinese ... The movie is great , BUT , unless you have been in Panama city or enjoy the Latin environment this movie will probably bore you to death so do n't buy it ... OK
 I 'm shocked at how many people disliked this film probably because it requires attention and thought throughout from beginning to end and makes more sense upon second viewing . Intensely layered with a very dry , dark , and often bizarre sense of humor , excellent direction and acting with Pierce Brosnan playing a real scumbag , if you know nothing of political history and backdoor manueverings , this film may make no sense to you , but if you feel comatose being subjected to standard Hollywood crap , you may have fun with this . Put on your thinking cap and enjoy some thick intrigue . And some laughs , if you can `` get it . ''
 Summary : A good movie . Great cinematography , good cohesive script , good story , good editing , Directors Commentary was good , not great . Additional DVD features interesting and worthwhile spending the extra money for -LRB- verses video -RRB- . Story : Brosnan plays secret agent Andy Osnard -LRB- something like Bond 's lesser brother -RRB- who is exiled to Panama for the remainder of his career . He then meets and uses a tailor , Harry Pendel -LRB- Geoffrey Rush - who is excellent -RRB- . Osnard squeezes Pendel for information on his clients and gets interesting stories to present to his superiors and compels events forward.Negative : Andy Osnard is too low a character to create audience sympathy and carry the movie . Certainly it shows Brosnan can act and break his mold . But , Osnard was too base a character to make this a hit . Certainly not a Thomas Crowne -LRB- see my review of that DVD and CD -RRB- .
 Pierce Brosnan plays a British spy in this film but in a closer-to-reality scenario . No gadgets , no powerful weapons , no Aston Martin 's . Okay , he gets to drive a BMW for about 5 minutes , but without the surface-to-air missiles . And fine , he still gets the ladies ... Despite the lack of intense action the story is intriguing and clever . Everyone has their own interests in mind and it 's amazing and sometimes funny to see what they will say and do to get things to work in their favor . Definitely an entertaining film . The Blu-Ray version is an improvement over the DVD version , but I have seen better quality video in other Blu-Ray releases .
 I enjoyed this movie immensely . I found it to be very interesting . Geoffrey Rush is very charismatic and rather incomparable in his performance as the Tailor of Panama.This film was made as one of Brosnan 's non-Bond films during his tenure as 007 and he expertly plays his British Intelligence part convincingly , very realistically and then some with no hint of the cinematic James Bond entrapping.The plot is intriguing as Brosnan plants innuendo and false information through the connected Geoffrey Rush to accomplish his mission . Boorman gives us great character studies which are the foundation of this little gem of a film.This is a long overdue film of substance from director John Boorman , the man who gave us EXCALIBUR -LRB- 1981 -RRB- and POINT BLANK -LRB- 1967 -RRB- and DELIVERANCE -LRB- 1972 -RRB- .
 This is an excellent adaptation of the book . The casting and acting is excellent . Pierce Brosnan is so good in this he should have won the Oscar . Geoffrey Rush is such an excellent actor and this role is perfectly suited to him . I ca n't help but think that this role may have ruined Pierce Brosnan for James Bond movies since this movie showed he could act , something the James Bond movies do n't require .
 This film is a clever misrepresentation of all that James Bond stands for . If you expect this to be a serious spy thriller , you will be disappointed . Instead think of this as an exploitation of all of James Bonds weaker traits , in an attempt to rip-off the American and British governments .
 I ordered a film disk . The Tailor of Panama was great . Amazon failed to follow mailing instructions and sent it to the wrong address .
 I have and I know of many people who have a '' no contry code `` player !!!! -LRB- Avaiable through the internet -RRB- So why still contry encoding ? Us DVD fans have long stepped overthis hurdle we get DVD 's from all over the world!Who are we protecting here ?
 ... ok , well maybe not James Bond , but close enough.In this movie , we get to see a James Bond-esque character played by Pierce Brosnan screw up a tailor in Panama 's life . Rather humorous is the fact that the British agent 's character has all the elements of a James Bond
 Brosnan 's turn as a `` bizarro '' James Bond is perfect . Geoffrey Rush 's best performance since Shine but Jamie Lee Curtis seems out of place as his wife .
 The best way to describe this movie is James Bond gone bad ... I absolutely love this movie . Probably one of the most underrated movies in the last 10 years . Put together an all-star cast with a twisting story line and the exotic , beautiful , and dangerous backdrop of Panama and you have a great movie . If Saville Row means nothing to you and you are n't intrigued by the seedy world of espionage , look elsewhere for entertainment . If this does spark your interest , sit back and enjoy some of the best lines in cinema -LRB- `` It was just tight -- from lack of use '' -RRB- .
 I am very satisfied with this order and its shipment , and I found the vendor very good , timely and adequate
 Thank you for carrying this DVD , I 've wanted to purchase it for quite sometime , always interested in suspense and spy type stories . Great price , delivery was quick and early . Thanks again .
 The story opens as British secret agent Andy Osnard -LRB- Pierce Brosnan -RRB- is sent to Panama in disgrace . The cynical agent is determined to profit from his exile and enlists tailor Harry Pendel into his scheme . Pendel runs the highly sucessful Panama branch of the old Saville Row tailoring firm of Braithwaite 's . Unfortunately for Pendel Osnard knows that there is no British firm of that name , and that Harry learned his tailor skills while in prison , serving time for a scheme planned by Pendel 's shady uncle . Pendel has managed to lie his way into respectable society in Panama , he is tailor to many members of the government , including the President , and has managed to marry well and raise a family . In order to protect all he has Harry lies to Osnard , but this only compounds the problems.This is an intriguing story , showing not the glamorous or James Bond adventure type of spy story , but more of the gritty Harry Palmer - Ipcress File sort of tale . Neither Pendel nor Osnard is particularly sympathetic , each has led the way to their destruction by their own misdeeds . The women in their lives are using the men for their own purposes , the government officals , Panamanian , British and American are all either corrupt or stupid or both.The dvd includes some extras , including a director 's commentary , an alternate ending and a short featurette that are interesting.Jamie Lee Curtis turns in an excellent performance as Pendel 's wife and fans of Daniel Radcliffe are treated to a brief , but well done pre Harry Potter performance.This is not a ` fun ' movie , it takes a certain amount of effort to follow the plot twists , to catch the subtle nuiances of the various characters but it is beautifully filmed , well acted and definitely worth the effort .
 This adaptation of John Le Carre 's Novel is amazingly done with Geoffery Rush portraying the bumbling , well meaning tailor to an industrializing Central American clientle . The story centers upon the small country of Panama which is an interest to the first world as it has re-acquired the rights to the famous canal constructed by American engineers.The British secret service send an agent , played by Pierce Brosnon -LRB- The Thomas Crown Affair -RRB- , who is a morally flexible operative on his way out . Rather than portraying the Panama scene as bettering the tailor convinces the British Embassy 's new man that the undercurrents of civil unrest continue beneath the surface . A wonderful movie of redemption on the part of the individual choosing the straight and narrow , in contrast with redemption on the part of a community , that is a country , moving away from conections to the international drug trade.A harrowing saga of forgiveness and triumph in the face of past defeat . The movie is a must see soley due to a magnificent rapport between seasoned actors .
 This movie is the opposite of the Bond movies . This is not a showcase of the smooth or sophisticated . Most of the characters are seedy . They are generally examples of pride , greed , incompetence , and power mongering . However they are likeable and understandable in their own twisted ways . I am not suggesting that you 'll like everything they do . Yet I found myself hoping for a happy ending for the primary characters . -LRB- I wo n't spoil it for you . -RRB- Also there is some great humor . I laughed at the vibrating bed scene . A must-see for a fresh look .
 This is an excellent version of LeCarre 's novel about spying in Panama . I have always enjoyed watching Brosnan as James Bond , and I suspect he enjoyed this role even more than 007 . Brosnan 's character is everything that Bond is not . He is loathsome , untrustworthy and completely immoral . I really enjoyed his scenes with Rush as he plays a cut-rate Mephisto and gets Rush to sell his soul . Jamie Lee Curtis is solid as Rush 's wife , but it is Brosnan who really steals the show.LeCarre 's inversion of the glamour world of espionage has a ring of authenticity . No one in their right mind would enter into it . Everyone is either corrupt or a fool or both . It is dangerous and vile . Panama exudes the atmosphere of many film noir cities of decadence and decline - as Rush - the Tailor - makes his moral descent.Also interesting is the scathing satire of British and American spies as they bid to outdo each other and look like fools as Brosnan 's crazed plan takes shape .
 THE SPY WHO CAME IN FROM THE COLD is , arguably , the most tightly plotted novel ever written in English ; so it is hardly a surprise when the author who gave us that small masterpiece acts as both writer and executive producer that the product is as well crafted as is THE TAILOR OF PANAMA . Equally well done is Brosnan 's use of anti-Bond characteristics to create a credible , gone-to-seed , slightly paunchy , crude intelligence operative who is undoubtedly far more true-to-life than anything he has given us before . At the very center of the plot is a factual account of actions undertaken by former president Bush as director of the CIA . That alone would be worth the price of admission as it clearly shows the foundations upon which our present national scandals are built -LRB- greed as repugnant as Noriega himself -RRB- , but that is only the starting point for Le Carre . This is a movie for those who do n't mind thinking as they watch -- if you believe Lucas 's franchise wisdom-filled , you might want to stick with film that stars special effects . The ` special effects ' in this movie are both integral and , sadly , the most missed of all effects in most recent movies
 This movie flows real well . The plot is intriguing and everyone did a great job playing their parts . Osnard is sly and very convincing . He is played perfectly by the very talented Pierce Brosnan . But my favorite character here is Marta , who is played by the very sexy Leonor Varela . She should have had a bigger role but the scenes she 's in are just those spur of the moment scenes that are perfect . Personally for me Jamie Lee Curtis is so so and I would have given Leonor Varela as big a role as Jamie Lee Curtis if not bigger . But damn Leonor is sexy ! Keep being a stunna girl ! And Geoffry Rush , who I think is very under-rated , was perfect for the role as Harry Pendel . He shows why he is such a great actor . Pendel is sly and compassionate and Rush played the part perfectly . Despite the off-key performance by Jamie Lee Curits , The Tailor Of Panama is a pretty fun way to spend a couple of hours . Watch it and you wo n't be disappointed .
 The Tailor of Panama is an excellent and entertaining film . Both actors Pierce Brosnan and Geoffrey Rush bring a great sense of enjoyment to their characters . Mr. Brosnan brings a great sense of wickedness to his character Andy Osnard . Mr. Rush brings a great sense of naivetivity and at deception to his character Harry Pendel.When Harry begins to spin his lies to Osnard both men know what 's going on.But they allow each other to keep going just to see were everything leads to . I really liked the ending of the film . I also enjoyed the way it was filmed the scenery of Panama is breathtaking and the music adds a sense of mystery and excotic feelings . Also the story is very interesing . Although at times the movie kinda drags along it is overall very enjoyable.I really liked this film and I think it 's a very enjoyable movie .
 Pierce Bronson takes a slight turn from being James Bond - MI6 's incorruptible/hero spy to being Andy Osnard-MI6 's not so good guy/corruptible / anti hero spy in this film.Beautiful locations , great supporting actors , interesting story , decent production values and alot of humor thrown in . Bronson plays the part pretty well as the sneaky MI6 agent exiled to Panama after screwing up in the field.when we watch him , we never think j `` James Bond '' in this film , we think Andy Osnard.This is easily Geoffrey Rush 's finest performance since Shine.His character Harry reminds me of `` A Beautiful Mind '' and `` Mr Brooks '' - I wont spoiling anything by adding why.As far as the DVD itself
 I enjoyed this movie immensely . I found it to be very interesting . Geoffrey Rush is very charismatic and rather incomparable in his performance as the Tailor of Panama . This film was made as one of Brosnan 's non-Bond films during his tenure as 007 and he expertly plays his British Intelligence part convincingly , very realistically and then some with no hint of the cinematic James Bond entrapping . The plot is intriguing as Brosnan plants innuendo and false information through the connected Geoffrey Rush to accomplish his mission . Boorman gives us great character studies which are the foundation of this little gem of a film . This is a long overdue film of substance from director John Boorman , the man who gave us EXCALIBUR -LRB- 1981 -RRB- and POINT BLANK -LRB- 1967 -RRB- and DELIVERANCE -LRB- 1972 -RRB- .
 This is a heady movie and not for the low brow . If you appreciate it , then you know what I mean .
 `` The Tailor of Panama '' is a remake of `` Our Man in Havana '' , a great movie with Alec Guiness having the lead role . So the cast of the remake had a mountain to climb in order not to flop - and they did . Bronsan made this movie while he was James Bond and I believe that he tried to sort of make a joke of the beloved secret agent -LRB- in a good sense -RRB- . On the other hand you have Rush , the victim of the story that fills the legacy left by Guiness . But apart from the good cast the is a very good plot . Aspy movie with comic influences that keeps you interested for two hours and more importantly entertains you
 It 's good to see a DVD like that without pixelsm good !!
 If you want to follow this movie , you will need to stay seated and focus . Lies are running on different levels of this movie and will require your attention to follow them . Not only do people tell lies to make things easier for themselves , but also because that is exactly what the audience wants to hear.Geoffrey Rush plays an ex-convict who has moved to Panama to start his life over again as a tailor . He is down on his luck but refuses to accept this . He lies to his wife , Jamie Lee Curtis , by not telling her how bad their investment is doing . His banker lies to him by not telling him that the banker himself knows more about the property than he is letting on.Along comes Pierce Brosnan who has been sent to Panama by MI6 in Englad because of some indiscretion . Rather than being told he is sent for punishment , his superior sugarcoats and `` lies '' by telling him there are many things an intelligence officer needs to do there . Once in Panama , he contacts Rush and convinces him to make introductions and give him information . This combination creates a new web of lies that rapidly go out of control.Watching Brosnan as a cad threw me off a bit . I think of James Bond and Remington Steele so seeing him curse and lie is a little disconcerting . He does pull it off though.I would recommend seeing this movie .
 I never read the novel by John LeCarre -LRB- or any LeCarre as of this writing -RRB- , so I was able to go into this fresh . I was rather impressed . Pierce Brosnan plays against type as a villainous spy who enlists Geoffrey Rush to lie for him in order to -- well , I do n't really know why . The movie got so complicated and the lies came so fast , that I did n't realize it was out of hand until the FBI showed up.But , anyway , the ride is worth it , with excellent acting all around , including a cameo by writer Harold Pinter as Rush 's old partner in tailoring with a secret . Rush is excellent as the titular tailor who is hiding something , and Jamie Lee Curtis is always good for a solid performance , and she does her best with the small role she plays here . But Brosnan is the surprise here , with a role that shows his range does not stop with James Bond -LRB- or Remington Steele , for that matter -RRB- . Not a classic , but good for a fun time-filler .
 A really great other side of Pierce Brosnan as a bad guy and someone that he uses that is better than he is .
 Composure is key to Andy Osnard -LRB- Pierce Brosnan -RRB- , an unscrupulous spy who realizes that the best gadgets an agent undercover uses are his cunning , his intellect , his grandeur , and his libido . All of these qualities must mold into a singular force , and the genuine spy never allows the weight of these qualities or his difficulties to come through physically , for without composure , what is a spy to be ? `` The Tailor of Panama , '' a comeback film for `` Deliverance '' mastermind John Boorman , answers this question as it pits the ruthless Osnard , who can always keep his cool , with Harry Pendel -LRB- Geoffrey Rush -RRB- , who can not balance the many out-of-order elements of his life with the same crispness.Both of these characters - richly textured , ingeniously conceived , totally idiosyncratic - play a game of wits that headlines a deftly rendered Hollywood thriller that ranks as one of the finest spy thrillers in years.Attribute the film 's considerable success not only to its sterling direction by Boorman , but in the picture 's graceful ability to derive its story solely from its characters . `` Tailor '' is bereft of the boundless cliches and storytelling conventions that ultimately dictate the narrative arcs of nearly all major action pictures . It instead weaves its web and inflicts intrigue , tragedy , betrayal and sex upon its characters without ever feeling as if the writers are plunging through the Hollywood gamut.There 's hardly a chase scene in this effort , yet there 's rarely a dull moment , either.Credit must be paid to all of the performers , who inhabit their roles rather than occupying . Brosnan does a melicious variation on his James Bond persona , a risky idea that works brilliantly . Rush continues to be a superb character actor , and makes Harry into the film 's heart and center , always exuding multiple dimensions and providing rich emotional facets that grace the picture with an uncommon complexity . Curtis is quite good , in a low-key manner , as Harry 's intelligent and loving wife , and Brendan Gleason is outstanding as Harry 's alcoholic best friend.Boorman continues to have a nearly unmatched skill at incorporating locations and settings as to make them entirely central to the storyline , exploiting their natural beauty and local color in a manner that defies traditional `` postcard views '' that would be at home , say , in James Bond . The screenplay is tireless in its abundance of wit and clever turns for the story to take.If at times improbable and perhaps too pat upon resolution , `` The Tailor of Panama '' is still a richly composed , exceptionally realized contemporary thriller , willing to take chances in an uncommonly simplistic era of major studio pictures .
 Harry Pendel -LRB- Geoffrey Rush -RRB- is the tailor to the elite in Panama . He hides his low class and ex-con beginnings with a well-rehearsed story about having learned his craft on Saville Row . Sleazy British diplomat/spy Andy Osnard -LRB- Pierce Brosnan -RRB- has been sent to the Panamanian back water because he slept with the wrong woman on his last assignment . Now he needs to find some big intelligence coup to get himself back to the high life he 's used to in Europe . Harry , who is married to an American -LRB- Jamie Lee Curtis -RRB- who works for the Panama Canal Company , is being pushed for information by Osnard -- who really does n't care how accurate the information is -- as long as it sounds convincing . Feeling more and more threatened , Harry tells Osnard a really great story -- it just is n't true.This is an intricate character study of the desperate Harry and Osnard , a man without scruples , both trying to keep or get back the life they have created for themselves .
 I truly enjoyed the movie for what it is
 I saw this film on DVD years ago , shortly after it came out . At that point in my apparently sheltered life , I had never seen nor heard of Geoffrey Rush . This was my very first exposure to him in any capacity . Well , all I could keep saying was -- where have they kept this guy hidden ? He is an extraordinary actor ! Not to short change Pierce , who gives an outstanding performance himself , but Mr. Rush steals the show for my money . I simply could n't understand how such a gifted actor could fly beneath my radar for so long . Perhaps this was his first major motion picture , I guessed . Wrong ! Anyway , the acting by the two male leads is superb , Jamie Curtis is great , the plot is complex and tricky , the dialogue and direction are first rate , and the cinematography and score are also excellent . All in all , I was very entertained by this film -- from opening scene to the credits . I ca n't ask for more from a motion picture . I think this film gets as many one star ratings as it does because too many people have been conditioned by Hollywood to where they are only entertained when there is non-stop action and lots of noise and special effects signifying very little when you add up the scorecard . If you are perhaps a tad more cerebral than your average Terminator fan , there is a very good chance that you will enjoy this film .
 What a movie !! This is the perfect chic flick for an evening with the girls or a funny comedy for an evening with your sweetheart . Just grab the popcorn and cuddle up on the couch . You 'll love ever moment !
 If you like well made classics that have just good to excellent story line and not the whole politically correct nonsence thats show today , then this is for you . I wish they made more of these back then or at the very least , make them like this now .
 From the very first time -LRB- many years ago -RRB- this movie still makes me smile . What a classic ! Still waiting for Father Goose to come out , too .
 A great movie with it all -- love story , drama , comedy and a slight mystery as to how things are going to turn out . Best part any age can watch .
 The movie is a gift for my cousin . It 's not been delivered yet . But I hope it 's in great shape as the other movie was that I had ordered . The price is great & ordering is extremely easy .
 Houseboat is a wonderful and romantic movie and I would highly recommend it to someone else . Cary Grant and Sofia Loren are great in the movie .
 This is a Cary Grant film and , for me , I 've never seen a movie of his I did n't enjoy . This one is no exception . It 's filled with comedy , joy , humor , reality and romance . Cary Grant is at his best in this with the beautiful Sophia Loren as the leading lady . The cast did a tremendous job in this film and it has lived on as a classic film , in my opinion .
 It was exactly what I wanted . Service was quick , easy and painless.Movie was exactly what I remembered . I had to replace a movie I had loss . Great job
 I f you like to laugh and you like happy endings this will definitely appeal to you . Cary at his charming best as a recent widowerwith three children with whom he has spent very little time and Sophia as a spoiled but frustrated daughter of a professional , classical musician , who just wants to experience life , and does when she accepts the position of maid and housekeeper even though she knows nothing about keeping house but much about a child 's feelings of being ignored by an absentee father . The fun begins when they end up living on a houseboat and how it ends is predictable but pure enjoyment .
 The problem with nostalgia is you end up pining for the good old days ... The beauty of 2012 is that you rarely go without thanks to the internet ! I loved this movie as a kid and always remembered seeing it on TV -LRB- once -RRB- and decided to see if I could find it on Amazon ... I did ... great then , still great now ... watched it with my 15 years old daughter who also thoroughly enjoyed it which truly means it stood the test of time . Cary Grant ? Sophia ? It does n't get bigger or better than that ! Also got `` Auntie Mame '' and still searching for `` Pocketful of Miracles '' so fun to relive my childhood while introducing some great movies and actors of the day to my kids !
 This DVD I ordered was a present for my mother-in-law who loves these old movies . I searched Amazon for the availability and price . Amazon had a good price for this dvd which was new and unused . The original shipment was lost . After more than a month , I called the customer service and they sent me another shipment that I received after 2 days . The condition of the dvd was as stated on the website . My mother-in-law was really happy receiving her present , even though it was late .
 This is a wonderful family movie . I love oldies , and this is one that is added to my old movie collection .
 I loved it , the movie arrived so quickly it was awesome . It has brought back a lot of memories from my past . Thank you
 I always come to Amazon for my dvds . I almost always find what I am looking for . They are a good price and they come fast .
 Houseboat was the first movie I ever saw in a drive-in . Imagine seeing Cary Grant and Sophia Loren dancing to a Sam Cooke love song on a screen the size of a football field . The wardrobe for the movie is stunning . When did we stop taking the time to dazzle with matching hats , gloves , etc. ? Obvious beauty aside , what really impressed me was the award winning script . The explanation Cary Grant gives as a parent about death , and the kids dialogue and behavior rang true . The kids behaved like any children would when one parent dies , and an absentee parent appears to take them from the safe world of their grandparents . The kids were terrific in their roles . Cary Grant and Sophia Loren were superb considering she had just dumped him to marry her current husband . One wonders what would have happened if Cary and Sophia had really married . Would they have lived happily ever after like they did in Houseboat ? Who knows . At least we can have that fantasy time and time again on DVD .
 ` Houseboat ' is a throwback to the kind of sweet , happy comedies Cary Grant did in the late '40s - early '50s , and it foreshadows the domestic comedies James Stewart and Henry Fonda would do in the sixties . Granted , there is more romance -LRB- and with Sophia Loren as the objection of affection , Cary has it all OVER Jimmy and Hank ! -RRB- but ultimately , it scores as a terrific family movie , as Loren , playing an inept but adorable housekeeper/nanny , wins the affection of widower Grant 's kids , and awakens in him a more complete love than he was experiencing with his society girlfriend -LRB- played effectively by the beautiful Martha Hyer -RRB- . Living in a rundown houseboat to save on expenses , Grant and family lives had become a boring routine , until the arrival of Hurricane Loren , with her Italian philosophy , her singing , and her unmistakable femininity and sex appeal -LRB- which introduces oldest son Paul Peterson to the joys of puberty , and to daughter Mimi Gibson and younger son Charles Herbert a mother-figure they both needed -RRB- . Grant is at first oblivious to her charms , but she is hard to ignore for long ! The question then becomes , when will Cary ` wake up ' , and realize everything he needs is right on the houseboat?Filmed after Grant and Loren 's whirlwind affair during the filming of ` The Pride and the Passion ' , the film was a bittersweet experience for both stars , particularly shooting the wedding scene , as Grant still desperately wanted to marry Loren , but she had already decided to remain with longtime love Carlo Ponti . Viewers aware of the ` behind-the-scenes ' story will appreciate the performances of the two leads even more!After you watch ` Houseboat ' , catch the flipside of this story in Grant 's later ` Father Goose ' , as a drunken reprobate with a boat who must deal with governess Leslie Caron and her charges ! The two films make a fascinating double-feature , and showcases Cary Grant 's amazing versatility!Seen either way , ` Houseboat ' is a delight !
 HOUSEBOAT is one of my favorite movies . I remember my family taping it when I was about 7 , and I loved watching it . Needless to say , when the new DVD version was released I instantly snapped it up!The story is about a widowed Government official -LRB- Cary Grant -RRB- and his three unruly children . A chance meeting throws the beautiful Cinzia Zaccardi -LRB- lovely Sophia Loren -RRB- into their lives . Cinzia is the daughter of a prominent classical conductor , and is looking for a change of scene . When she decides to become the children 's nanny , no-one is prepared for the hilarity and heartache that is to follow ... This is indeed a lovely family film , with a few shades of `` The Sound of Music '' . The new DVD version offers an average-looking transfer of the film , with a photo gallery and two trailers as the extras.Also starring Martha Hyer , Harry Guardino , Paul Petersen and Eduardo Cinanelli . -LRB- Single-sided , dual-layer disc -RRB- .
 The editorial reviews pass this off as a minor film with only the two stars - Cary Grant and Sophia Loren - making it worth your time . They are both great but this film has a little more going for it . Cary Grant is beyond the years when he would stand in the background and steal scenes with facial gestures , here he is well into his Hitchcock years . The 50s was a time of sophistication and pure charm for Cary and Sophia Loren was every thirteen year old boys fantasy.The story is okay in that you know it will end with Cary and Sophia in each other 's arms and everybody happy . But that 's what a romantic comedy is and if you enjoy romantic comedies you will not be disappointed . Cary is taking on the responsibility of raising his three children alone on a houseboat and Sophia , running away from her famous orchestra conductor father , is the maid . The Maid ! Can imagine Sophia as your maid ? Or anybody 's maid ? Through kid problems , arguments , boyfriends , ups and downs , and country club dances it all ends well . It is the two stars that are the attraction here certainly , but wait ; there 's more . The film would remain a 3 star middle of the road film if it were not for the nice comedic bit by Harry Guardino and a great score . The score is not on a par with Doctor Zhivago by any means but it fits the film nicely and the lead song by Sam Cooke - Almost In Your Arms - is terrific . I bumped the film up a star for Harry Guardino and Sam Cooke 's song .
 Love the Italian influence . Grant and Loren , what a combination . My emotions ran high during the railroad scene . Loren is delightful in her songs , dance and child-like attitudes . She is very precious with the children . A must for the 50-60 's collection of romantic comedies . PS Love the Houseboat .
 Houseboat takes me back to the old days of glorious movie entertainment . Sofia Loren and Cary Grant are such an unlikely pair , yet they strike sparks on the screen . Add delightful children and a luscious setting , and you have a movie you can watch with the entire family . A romance that makes you smile .
 What more could you ask for in a movie ? Are you delighted by Cary Grant 's charm or Sophia Loren 's beauty ? Do you want to laugh , see gorgeous outfits , hear Loren sing , or root for the under -LSB- over -RSB- dog ? Would you like a romantic comedy that teaches lessons in responsibility for children and parents ? Move right in to HOUSEBOAT.I am always amazed when I see a film with a plot that casts Sophia Loren as the overlooked lover vying for a man 's affection . -LRB- IT STARTED IN NAPLES ; THE MILLIONAIRESS -RRB- . But the notion of seeing what is n't in the eye of the beholder draws you to each film as you impatiently await the leading man to `` discover '' her.Cinzia Zaccardi -LRB- Loren -RRB- is the wealthy daughter of orchestra conductor Arturo Zaccardi -LRB- Eduard Ciannelli -RRB- . As such , she is lavished in opulent dwellings and dinners with international nobles . What 's missing from this overprotected woman 's life is a MAN.Tom Winters -LRB- Grant -RRB- is a diplomat who neglected his parental responsibilities for the sake of his career . After his wife dies he gets the urge to do the right thing . The problem is , he is evidently clueless about what that is . He quickly learns that raising children is a joint responsibility . Though he hires an unlikely nanny , he feels the logical matrimonial choice is a woman who helped care for his three children before he came on the scene . His current nanny , who neither cooks nor cleans well , is good at eventually obtaining whatever she wants . After all , she 's the spoiled runaway daughter of Arturo , the orchestra conductor.Despite the too-often sung bing-bang-bong song , HOUSEBOAT is a repeat-watch movie . My only problem is that I 've seen it so many times on VHS that I would only purchase it used on DVD at a heavily discounted price just to complete my collection . -LRB- Update 9/29/06
 I am a die hard Cary Grant fan . I own 27 of his movies ! Houseboat is probably one of my favorite Cary Grant comedies . The chemistry between Grant and Loren is magic . Sohia was never more beautiful and Cary was his usual handsome best . This is a must have for any Cary Grant movie collector.Willie in Maryland .
 Charming is the word that best describes this movie -- two charming stars and three charming children act out a charming story in a charming landscape . Although probably not `` great cinema '' by anyone 's standard , it provides for me a welcome 2-hour escape from the stresses of modern life . In this fantasy world , you never doubt that Sophia Loren 's `` fine Italian hand that ca n't cook , clean , or do the laundry '' will put everything right and that everyone will live happily ever after.Whenever I hear an ad for a modern movie that claims it will `` change my life '' , I want to pull out an old movie like this whose ambition was simply to entertain .
 My father and I watched this movie at least a thousand times since I was a little girl.As I got older and started loving the romance of the movie I could n't believe how I had missed one of the sexiest seens in any movie I have ever watched.Cary and Sophia are dancing to this beautiful melody when Cary finally realizes that he is lovestruck.It is a powerful seen in the movie and the melody made the seen as well as Cary and Sophia.Wonderful movie to watch with your whole family !
 This movie is just as charming today as when I first watched it.Warm hearted , Fun , pure entertainment ! I will watch this over and over again !
 This is a wonderful movie . It is full of old world charm and family fun . My daughter enjoyed the songs .
 Loved this movie , romantic , fun , and child friendly . Who thought falling in love could be so much fun . Love Cary Grant !
 I 'm your average 46 year old guy . Not religious , not stuffy , not really anything unusual at all . I wish they still made movies like this . Great cast , theme , and plot . No swearing , no nudity , no shock , just fun ! Great for lovers , family , friends , parents , grandparents . Actors and directors could learn a hell of a lot from watching movies like this .
 I love these old movies with comedy , romance , sweet story line and of course Cary Grant and Sophia Loren . The clothing is very beautiful and glamorous . The colors in this film are fantastic so rich.Fresh widower with three kids in post wwii Washington D.C. runs into free spirited rich runaway whose father is a famous conductor for the symphony . She is tired of being dragged from town to town without ever getting to live a little . Cary Grant 's seven year old runs off the same night and she ends up taking him home . She is an instant success with the kids and Cary thinks she 's a flung off almost G.I. bride , she winks and says the fancy clothes came from her father , the truth yet an implied lie . The sister in law had been taking care of the kids and it was time he stepped up to the plate and started taking care of them . He ends up hiring Sophia to help with the house , he just jumped to the assumption that she is poor because her dress got dirty when she went out the window to the boat to `` row '' away . The problem is the house that he was supposed to live in is being moved to the lot that day and well it gets hit by a train right in front of them while the trailer it was on was parked on the tracks . The driver got sidetracked looking at Sophia 's legs . Now they are on a temporary Houseboat owned by the trailer driver a fellow italian and hound dog by nature . He keeps trying to date her the whole movie . She knows how to handle him . The visuals in here are fantastic . Sophia is sexy , Cary 's suave , and portrays the overwhelmed dad well . Slowly he becomes enchanted with Sophias ' open ways and starts to have feelings for her . Troubles ahead in the form of the very blonde and beautiful sister in law . She is socially acceptable to the richer echelons the family comes from and has filed for Divorce on her cheating husband . She has had a crush on Cary since before her sister had married him . She 's jealous and disapproving of Sophia and always cutting at her . Sophia can hold her own . Enjoy this heart warming family film with fantastic music and romance theme it 's a keeper for the sheer beauty of it . THIS IS ON INSTANT PRIME FOR FREE IF YOUR A MEMBER .
 I have always loved this movie as I would watch it with my Nan . Catchy little song that goes along with it and is quite acceptable to watch with children .
 I love old movies , but often times they feel stilted in their dialogue and/or they gloss over real-life difficulties . As a long time fan of Sophia Loren -LRB- what 's not to like ? -RRB- , I picked up a copy of `` Houseboat '' and sat down to watch it with my wife and teen daughter . To our pleasant surprise , the film tells a story that still feels relevant in many ways.The story starts with Cary Grant , a recent widower , demanding custody of his three young children . He is a working man , in Washington D.C. , and he drags the kids there against their wishes . They are mouthy , funny , and painfully sad . They would prefer staying with Aunt Carolyn , Grant 's sister-in-law , on sprawling property far from D.C. Carolyn has always had a secret love for Grant , and she dreams of stepping in as the new wife and step-mother . Tensions rise when young and beautiful Sophia Loren appears on the scene . She is visiting America with her famous Italian father , a symphony conductor , and she wants to be free of his overbearing ways . When she runs into Grant 's youngest son , she relates to his daddy-troubles and forms a quick bond that eventually lands her in the role of nanny to Grant 's children . `` Houseboat '' moves from humor to romance , and certain elements share similarities with `` The Sound of Music . '' The overbearing father who hires the adorable nanny , who then runs off when she realizes her feelings for the man , but comes back because of the children . In this case , the children are less polished and polite , and this creates some believable conflicts for all concerned . In the end , it 's a happy story , and even my teen daughter found herself sitting through the entire thing , despite her initial thoughts that `` it 's an old movie , and I 'll be bored . ''
 This movie is one of my all time favorites - full of fun and happy moments . Just a joy to watch . I wish they made more like this these days !
 I ordered this video because a song kept coming into my head and I thought it was from a movie with Cary Grant and Sophia Loren . I was right ! and the added bonus was a really fun evening with friends . Love the 50 's movies . But gee Cary Grant was thin ! Thanks for the timely delivery . And a great fun , colorful and musical evening . Oh , the song I kept remembering was Bing , Bang , Bong.Vickiannh
 I love Cary Grant and Sophia Loren in this fun movie . The kids have an adventure living in a houseboat as opposed to living in an apartment in D.C.
 Fun music , fun acting and a predictable plot , but I loved watching this . We need more movies like this now days . There were some very nice moments thrown in about life after death and making the most of a bad situation . Loved the singing too . Great movie .
 Great pair to put together . Grant is alway excellent and Sophoia was at her best . Great family entertainment which there are few to choose from today . Recommend it most highly
 These two stars together bring dynamite to the screen . It is humorous , romantic , family oriented and just wonderful . The kids add a great dimension .
 Great movie to remind oneself of simplier times and the importance of family . A must see on a rainy Sunday afternoon .
 This is one of my favorite romantic comedies . Cary Grant , Sophia Lauren , and the villainous Martha Hyer . Throw in some cute kids and a terrific romantic ballad and it 's perfect .
 We enjoyed watching and remembering when movies were more about acting and not so much with all the special effects or political overtones . Look forward to finding and watching more classics like these .
 Fun film . At a time when it is not always easy to find films to watch together as a family , it is nice to have older films like this that the little ones , teenagers , and adults can all enjoy .
 This is Cary Grant being Cary Grant - urbane , amusing , and a comfortable figure in our home . Sophia Loren is a young , but not too young , woman - beautiful , bright and charming while establishing her adult independence . The movie is a delightful escape , not a classic that will live for centuries . But , a very pleasant , even delightful , and enjoyable way to spend an evening .
 Cary Grant and Sophia Loren are the Best in this movie ! This is a very good classic film that you just ca n't miss seeing . Do n't miss out if you have not given this movie a chance .
 The DVD came in very good shape . There were no scratches or nicks the case cover was in very good shape . I had no problems watching the movie . If you like to watch movies then I recommend Amazon . It is the best place to find good deals on movies !!!
 Cary Grant is one of my all time favorite actors , I found this movie to be light and fun to watch it is one of my favorite movies . Sophia Loren was not only beautiful but was delightful as was the whole cast encluding the children .
 Sophia Loren and Cary Grant team up in this hysterical movie . He 's a widower with three children and his widow 's sister after him -LRB- since she was four years old -RRB- . Sophia is the daughter of a rich Italian Band conductor - she runs away because she 's tired of being told what to do - and becomes the nanny for Grant . The only problem is she ca n't cook or clean . But the children love her . And soon Grant does too . Two things I learned from this movie
 The Movie ` Boy on a Dolphin ' is Sophia Loren 's Best.But Houseboat is almost as good . If Sophia Loren is your cup of tea , -LRB- how ca n't she be ? -RRB- then by all means feast your eyes . She 's at her luscious prime here.God did some of his best work when he made Sophia Loren.A wonderful movie , lots of fun , and beauty .
 Welcome to the Houseboat , where Cary Grant lives with his 3 children . And his lovely housekeeper/babysitter Sophia Loren . Cary Grant portrays a man , who divorced his wife , and after his wife dies . Comes back to get his kids . But his kids ca n't stand him at all . Well one evening he takes the kids to the opera , and his youngest child escapes . And Cinzia Zaccardi -LRB- Sophia Loren -RRB- , takes him back . He tries to pay Cinzia money for rescuing his kid but she wo n't take it , and then he asks her if she would like to be their housekeeper but she is n't interested . But the kids wo n't let him get to sleep until he chooses to hire her . The next day he decides to move the country , and Cinzia comes over . And says that she would like the job . Tom Winston -LRB- Cary Grant -RRB- , hires her . They then move onto a houseboat , and have lots of fun escapades . The kids are great in this movie , and Sophia Loren is a perfect mother role , and Cary Grant is the perfect romantic . As he does in all of his films . I highly suggest this movie to all . This is a excellent Family Film , that you can show to your children , without worrying about them learning anything bad , or seeing anything innapropriate .
 Grant and Loren are terrific together . It was during the making of this film that Cary Grant fell hopelessly with Sofia Loren . Grant is his usual charming self and he pours on the charm for her ... and us . This is a must-have for Cary Grant film collectors . This is a fun memorable romantic comedy .
 My family really liked the movie ! I recomend it
 This is a classic . A must have for all classic movie lovers out there . I bought this movie for my brother who one of his passion is to collect all oldies . He has seen them all and already have a lot in his collection .
 The movie is fun and the DVD quality is very good for the price .
 This Oscar - nominated film has the legendary Cary Grant -LRB- 1904-1986 -RRB- as goverment attorney who can?t seem to shake his bad fortune . Living on a houseboat , widomed and left with three unruly children , he hires Sophia Loren -LRB- 1934 - -RRB- as governess . The magnetic Loren and the Charming Grant add up to Cheeky , urbane Comedy . Wonderful movie with many outdore scenes a realy romantic and funny movie , High Quality transfer . Recommended .
 This was and still is a favorite movie of mine , and I remember going to the movies to see it as a young child with my sisters -- brings back alot of fond memories . However , in this DVD release the coloring is off ... way off -- the faces are too dark and with a blue tint , and the picture quality just was n't very clear . The movie does have some very pleasant and soothing music and the sound quality is fine . I will have to look for another and hopefully better overall quality DVD , for this truly is an enjoyable and wonderful family movie .
 This is a very cute movie!Sophia Loren is just fantastic !! Cary Grant is great in a subtle way . He progresses throughout the movie in a nuanced manner.They both have great chemistry!Mimi Gibson , Paul Petersen -LRB- of Mouseketeer and Donna Reed fame -RRB- andCharles Herbert all put in great performances as the children.There is even a minor supporting roles by Murray Hamilton as Grant 's cheeky friend and Loren 's father 's manager , played by the very comic Werner Klemperer -LRB- Col. Klink -RRB- . And , Harry Guardino who plays the ethnic Italian almost suiter , Angelo Donatello , was nominated for Golden Globe . The picture was nominated for two Academy 's - Best Original Song -LRB- `` Almost in Your Arms '' -RRB- and Best Writing , Story and Screenplay . The movie and Grant did win two Golden Laurel Awards for Top Comedy and Top Male Comedy Performance.Mel Shavelson , who did a lot of romantic pictures like `` April in Paris '' and `` Yours , Mine and Ours '' , did a great job pooling the acting team together in an innocent comedy that works the way they should - and that is not easy.Loren get 's Americanized while she teaches Grant to grow up . It has what is missing in contemporary chick flicks.See this - you wo n't be disappointed !
 This is an old one that is still quite enjoyable.Cary Grant is a divorced man whose wife has been raising their children . He loves the kids but does n't have a clue or a manual . When the ex wife dies , he is left in a position to take care of them . He does the best he can which is none too well.Grant realizes that he will need to take some time away from his job in DC . He plans to move to the country closer to his ex inlaws . This is done with the idea that they will help with the kids and also because there is a suspicion that he will eventually marry the younger sister of his former wife . -LRB- Apparently there is a history . -RRB- The aunt gets along well with the kids who are not thrilled with their father.Meanwhile , Sofia Loren is the daughter of a famous Italian musician on tour . She is chaffing under her father 's stern rule and just wants to have some fun . She makes an escape and meets up with one of the kids who helps her to escape from her father 's minions . She returns the boy home and is coaxed into serving as a nanny for the kids.Grant 's plans for moving do not work out as expected and the whole family temporarily ends up living on a houseboat . The comedy takes off from there as Loren and Grant find that they have feelings for each other and the kids stir things up.For me , this one was on the cusp between 3 and 4 stars but I am in a good mood . I did enjoy it and it is worth seeing .
 Ok so maybe this is n't Cary Grant 's funniest comedy but I still enjoyed it and found things to laugh at , it is a sweet movie about a handsome widow with mischievous children who meets a beautiful Italian woman who agrees to be nanny to his children and kind of a housekeeper though she at first is not very good at cleaning and cooking and he does n't agree with her views about taking care of children and vise versa . Cary Grant and Sophia Loren are both very good but so are the kids especially Paul Petersen from The Donna Reed Show -LRB- I used to watch reruns of that show on Nick at Nite -RRB- . I highly recommend this charming movie ! I used to have this movie on video but the tape was old and worn out so I will have to think about getting the the widescreen DVD .
 The Houseboat is a very romantic , light-hearted movie . It is a little gem with Cary Grant playing his usual role of a debonaire bachelor with a little twist - this time he 's a widower , a single father of three young children who suddenly decides that the children have to live with him . Suffice it to say that he 's had very little previous experience raising his kids - and it shows ! Another improbable twist - enter the rebellious daughter of an Italian music conductor as a nanny -LRB- a very young and very exotic Sophia Loren -RRB- - and the fun begins . The family and the nanny are planning to move to a guest house not far from the family of his late wife , but they need to relocate it to another place nearby and the guest house is getting ruined in the process . The houseboat is offered as a replacement and here they start a new life - simple , with very little amenities , but full of fun , love and occasional soul-searching . Cary Grant plays the role with his usual flair , but I thought I 've seen a milder and gentler side of him in his interactions with the kids . Sophia Loren was rather exquisite in appearance and a bit too headstrong for the role of a nanny , but then she was a spoiled daughter of a famous father in the movie , so her sometimes odd behavior does not really feel entirely unnatural . The kids were great . Their feelings are always on the surface , played very naturally , and that adds enormously to the movie 's emotional charge . The DVD is not much , but it 's OK - it is in color , in mono sound , the additional features are very limited - only a couple of trailers and a rather nice photo gallery - but I did not expect much from a DVD with a 1958 movie , I wanted it for a movie itself and I thoroughly enjoyed it .
 What 's not to like ? It has Cary Grant and Sophia Loren -LRB- both looking as gorgeous as ever -RRB- , and even some child actors who can actually act . There 's a charming plot , plenty of subtle romance , and lots of genuine emotion . You may even end up humming a ditty or two afterward.Buy it , watch it , and be glad that you do n't have to wonder if it 's suitable for your entire family .
 This charming little domestic comedy which really can be seen as a forerunner to the situation comedies of the 1960 's , is given its memorable quality by the unexpectedly wonderful teaming of screen legends Cary Grant and Sophia Loren . By 1958 Grant was just entering the final period of his legendary career that would see him retire forever from movie making in 1966 with his debonair image still intact after almost four decades of continuous film work . Sophia Loren at this time was still largely considered an exotic recent import to Hollywood from Europe and had just completed a series of Hollywood efforts that teamed her with the likes of John Wayne , Alan Ladd and William Holden . The pair had teamed two years previously in the epic `` The Pride and the Passion '' , also starring Frank Sinatra , however it was in this funny , and at times quite touching family story that their real chemistry on screen was properly displayed . Sophia Loren had probably her most successful Hollywood film up to this time with `` Houseboat '' , and the ageless Cary Grant was in the middle of his highly successful collaborations in a series of glossy thrillers with director Alfred Hitchcock which certainly helped the box office of this very different type of story . Despite their different screen personas Grant and Loren are a delight together on screen when dealing with diverse situations involving three unruly children and an oversized decaying houseboat which almost becomes a character in itself in the story and is the main setting for the comic situations that arise.Cary Grant plays Tom Winters a debonair Washington business man used to the single life with lots of travel after his marriage breakup . When his former wife is killed in a car accident Tom suddenly finds himself gaining custody of their three children that had formerly been under the care of his former sister in law Carolyn -LRB- Martha Hyer -RRB- . Taking the children away when his wife 's family try to keep hold of the children Tom has a dilemma about where his new little family are to live and he finds that his bachelor quarters in Washington are no substitute for a real home . The children at first dont like him and want to be back with Aunt Carolyn and when youngest son Robert -LRB- Charles Herbert -RRB- , runs away he is eventually brought home by beautiful Cinzia Zaccardi -LRB- Sophia Loren -RRB- , who is also in the process of running away from her domineering father Arthuro Zaccardi -LRB- Eduardo Ciannelli -RRB- , who is a famous orchestra conductor . Because she has a great rapport with the children and they seem to instantly like her Tom offers the supposedly homeless Cinzia a job as combined maid , cook and cleaner for the family . Tom sets out to find a new home and comes across a dilapidated old houseboat which he thinks could be turned into the ideal family home . His idea of domestic bliss however is short lived when he finds out that not only can Cinzia not cook , do laundry or clean house , but that he is also falling in love with her . This creates a further complication for Tom in that he is developing a romance with Carolyn and she and her friends look down unkindly on Tom 's having the beautiful Italian woman around the houseboat . After eldest son David -LRB- Paul Peterson -RRB- , almost drowns in an over turned small boat and Carolyn and her friends attempt to embarrass Cinzia just prior to a Fourth of July party at the neighbouring Country Club , Tom realises where his real future lies and proposes marriage . However at this eleventh hour the children have a bad reaction to the lady they have loved over the last few months fearing that Cinzia is trying to take their dead mother 's place and even as the wedding is starting on the top deck of the houseboat the children refuse to attend the ceremony . However all such stories have a happy ending and before the preacher can declare Tom and Cinzia man and wife the three children going through a rapid change of heart appear fully dressed behind the couple and Robert even ends up serenading the couple on his harmonica.Oddly enough I find a lot of similiarities between the general story of `` Houseboat '' , and that of the more famous `` The Sound of Music '' , in that a nanny comes into a disfunctional family and not only reunites its members but marries the head of the house . Sophia Loren although widely praised in her initial Hollywood efforts despite their lack of box office success , really began showing her potential in this effort where she was required to be more than decorative and show plenty of cleavage . She displays a fine comic style and she works very well with Cary Grant 's laid back and totally charming acting delivery . She has many pleasing moments such as when she accidently -LRB- on purpose -RRB- , sprays Cary Grant with paint during the houseboat 's renovation and her love/hate scenes with him sparkle brightly enough even in the more unlikely moments . Cary Grant had this type of `` charming man of the world suddenly thrown into a dilemma type '' of character down pat by 1958 and he does very well as the comfortable bachelor suddenly having to deal with three children , a leaky houseboat , and a very beautiful Italian maid who ca n't cook or keep house . The three children in the story are what would be called `` typical sitcom children '' , during the next decade but they are pleasing in their performances as well and at times have a maturity about their acting especially in the scenes when they reject Cinzia near the conclusion for supposedly attempting to take the place of their own mother . Paul Peterson as eldest son David would end up winning fame of his own as the son on the long running `` The Donna Reed Show '' , which began it 's network run the same year that `` Houseboat '' , was released . The whole film certainly has the feel of a situation comedy about it and it constantly amazes me that the basic premise of this story in `` Houseboat '' , was never used for an ongoing comedy series during the 1960 's when this type of story was commonplace . Certainly Paramount regarded this vehicle as one of their bigger efforts for 1958 filming it in glorious Vista Vision and giving it glowing colour photography that gives the story an extremely lush look and feel . The beautiful renovated houseboat of the title seems to simply rise out of its earlier decaying , undesirable state and is something which only Hollywood in the 1950 's could have thought up as the `` central character '' , of a story such as this . Veteran clothes designer Edith Head , long a Paramount legend with her incredible clothes designs over forty years for all of the Paramount stars also excels in her designs here and Sophia Loren really came into her own in the glamour stakes with the lavish and highly flattering clothes made for her by Edith Head in this picture.Good nostalgic fun from a simpler time is how best to describe `` Houseboat '' . Not the funniest comedy from the 1950 's for sure but it 's highly enjoyable on a different level as a sort of time capsule for how Hollywood used to make comedies . Seeing Cary Grant and Sophia Loren together in one of their only two movie teamings is also a special treat and they really display what old Hollywood star power was all about . Happily `` Houseboat '' , has been given a really beautiful treatment for it 's release onto DVD and I highly recommend this charming little domestic comedy for all lovers of older style family movies where all members of the family learn from their experiences and develop a greater love for each other in the process . Enjoy !
 This is one of those movies I first saw as a child with my grandmother . I absolutely loved it then , and even more as an adult ! Yes , the children are whiney and it is not perfectly realistic , but it is a great family movie that gives everyone the warm fuzzy feeling ! Very true to it 's time and a classic !
 great old movie . entertaining the way a movie should be . love that cary grant and sofia loren is so beautiful ! love the dialog .
 Just the movie when you are feeling blue . I love as how the movie progresses the Houseboat becomes more charming . Who could n't love Cary Grant & Sophia Loren !
 I had seen this movie on television in past and wanted to re-watch it when I felt like it . Fortunately Amazon had it for sale . It 's a very fun movie to watch and I am happy to own the DVD .
 This movie is a real delight . It is better than I remembered it as a child -LRB- my priorities were different -RRB- . This plays out as a predictable romantic comedy but great fun anyway . No heavy plot here . As Grants housekeeper , Loren helps Grant to change his priorities , be less of a jerk , and bond with his children . This takes place on a leaky houseboat that sometimes breaks loose and floats down river . Grants dry humor and wit is great fun to watch . Loren is the Italian beauty -LRB- thought she was ugly when I was a child -RRB- that falls in love with Grant and brings the family together .
 Everything that they said was true !! Thanks very muchRobert
 This movie is very cute ! It 's interesting to see the debonaire -LRB- sp ? -RRB- Carey Grant playing a dad of some spoiled kids . He does a great job , though and he and Sophia Loren make a cute , if not unusal couple -RRB-
 The movie is a classic . Starring Cary Grant & Sophia Loren in a comedy where off screen their smoldering romance had ended bitterly when Sophia accepted Carlo Ponti 's marriage proposal . Enjoy the interaction between Cary and Sophia . Martha Hyer is underutilized as the former sister-in-law and would-be suitor . Harry Guardino is great . Paul Peterson -LRB- later in The Donna Reed Show -RRB- is engaging . Thoroughly a very enjoyable movie .
 Houseboat is a highly entertaining Romantic Comedy featuring two superbly talented actors at the height of their careers
 Director Melville Shavelson is known for directing some successful romantic comedies involving families ; two divorced adults and their offspring 's . He takes credit for not only Houseboat , but also for `` Yours , Mine and Ours , '' casting some successful stars of the day . This family drama casts Cary Grant as Tom Winters , a widower trying to raise three children alone away from his work at Washington D.C. to country side closer to relatives of his former wife . His young children love the younger sister of their mother but Tom is not too thrilled about dating her . Instead he meets a young Italian named Cinzia -LRB- Sophia Loren -RRB- who is a socialite trying to get away from her overprotective father . Initially there is no romance between the two , and in addition , his kids are less than thrilled when she is hired to work as nanny . Things get rocky but soon all ends well when they feel that they need each other . Parts of this movie were filmed on the Potomac River and Piscataway Creek at Fort Washington marina . This is an excellent family movie , which I recommend very highly .
 I found this movie to be one of those `` feel good movies '' . You know , the kind that when you 've had a bad day and you wan na see something were everything turns out o.k. in the end . Renee Zelwegger does a really nice job . . as she did in A Cool Dry Place and Jerry Macgiure . It is a really nice movie to watchwith a loved one on a quiet evening . It has a very light-hearted look at men who never can seem to commit -LRB- you know the ones -RRB- :-RRB- In the end the man is roped in by the woman . . as it should be :-RRB- I think both men and woman can find the humor in this movie and I really recommend it .
 this is a great movie if you like romance and comedy . chris o'donnell and renee zelwegger give outstanding preformances . if you liked jerry maguire , you 'll love this !
 I liked the movie he made when he was first starting out , as a novice director , LEON THE PIG FARMER -LRB- do n't let the awful title put you off -RRB- . Of course LTPF is a very different kettle of fish than THE BACHELOR , but both movies exhibit a very vibrant borrowing from silent film and its subtleties . Sinyor also directed STIFF UPPER LIPS , the parody movie that gave stuffy Merchant-Ivory movies a good shaking up . PIG FARMER is out on DVD but only in the UK , in the meantime let 's go to THE BACHELOR and see what 's up . Well , it did n't do well at the box office , and studio moguls blamed Sinyor for its failure ; what a blow for him , and he has n't been given the chance to make another movie in the six years since then ! -LRB- Although happily BOB THE BUTLER will be coming out hopefully by the end of the year , the movie that re-unites Sinyor with his BACHELOR star Brooke Shields.Chris O'Donnell was doing very well , too , and then along came THE BACHELOR and a few other flops and before long he was regarded as box office poison . There was something about him that perhaps people did n't like , shame too , because he 's definitely capable and he 's also ready to step up and make a fool of himself for a laugh , something not every actor is willing to do . All these things combine in THE BACHELOR , a comedy romp set in San Francisco in which Chris plays the heir to a fortune of $ 120 million dollars , but there 's a catch , he must marry within 24 hours , and the woman he loves , Renee Zellweger , is n't ready to say yes . So he proposes to a lot of women during the course of the movie . Naturally they all think he 's crazy . This has its origin in the old silent classic 7 CHANCES , with Buster Keaton , but it provides a lot of opportunities for some talented actresses . Look out for wonderful Stacy Edwards , the deaf heroine of IN THE COMPANY OF MEN , in a lighter vein here ! But the show belongs to Chris O'Donnell , and to a lesser extent Renee Zellweger in whose career this is only a blip . There she is winning Oscar after Oscar , and meanwhile Chris O'Donnell is making independent films after a long post-Bachelor hiatus . What a world!Anyhow if you live in San Francisco , add another star to THE BACHELOR because you 'll be proud we live in such a cool , beautiful city.However you might deduct a star because the `` extras '' on this DVD are sub-par . You know there must be dozens of deleted bloopers from Mariah Carey 's scenes alone , and yet for this presentation we get nothing !
 The Bachelor is a movie that never gets old . The lessons of marriage presented really come across . Superb acting from Chris O'Donnell , Renee Zellweger , Hal Holbrook and Edward Asner .
 I fell in love with this movie ; the romance and comedy are done very well and the characters have chemistry and charisma.This is a story about Jimmie -LRB- Chris O'Donnell -RRB- , a commitment-shy young man who 's faced with his biggest fear
 I found this to be a madcap and highly entertaining romantic comedy . This is a remake of the 1925 Buster Keaton classic , ` Seven Chances ' and this story has been trotted out a number of times since in various forms so the material is far from fresh . Jimmie Shannon -LRB- Chris O'Donnell -RRB- is a confirmed bachelor who finds himself in love with Anne -LRB- Rene Zellweger -RRB- . As his friends begin dropping like flies to the marriage bug , Jimmie realizes that his time too has come . So he proposes to Anne , but he botches it , making it so unromantic that despite desperately wanting to accept , she runs from the room . When his grandfather dies , he discovers that he is the sole heir to a vast fortune of $ 100 million , but to get it , he needs to get married by 6:05 PM on his birthday , which as it happens is the following day . With his one true love gone , he must marry someone , so he begins a litany of successive proposals to all his old girlfriends.The story is utterly predictable and overly zany . It is comedy in its simplest and most unsophisticated form . Slapstick , if done well can be very funny , and this was done well . There were numerous belly laughs in this film from the many sight gags and absurd situations that develop . The romance between Jimmie and Anne was also charming.The direction by Gary Sinyor was nothing special from a visual standpoint , but I felt he handled the setup of the sight gags well and did a good job of orchestrating the movement of the thousand or so brides in the chase scene -LRB- worthy of any Keystone Kops skit -RRB- . The special effects on the Mustang scenes were pretty weak , though.Chris O'Donnell was very good in his role as Jimmie . His comedic timing was effective and he succeeded in looking totally hapless in his various scenes with erstwhile girlfriends . I thought his chemistry with Zellweger was excellent and sincere , especially at the end.Rene Zellweger was a good choice for this role . Though she is no goddess , she has a very natural , sweet and wholesome attractiveness ; very real and vulnerable . She really made the romantic part of the story work single-handedly with her misty eyed looks and genuine longing for Jimmie.I rated this film an 8/10 . I enjoy this kind of silly romantic farce , but it is not for everyone . It requires an ability to laugh at absurd , pratfall humor . If you are in the mood for a good light date movie , this might be a good choice . But , if you do n't like slapstick , you will probably want to steer clear .
 Ok , the premise of the movie is pretty canned , and some ideas/montages downright dumb or silly , but the overallpresentation is a bit out of the box and humorous . The moviemoves at a brisk pace , and uses and lambasts a lot of cliches about marriage . One would think the comedy would be predictable , but it manages to create an off-beat edge that tickles . Supporting characters , including the older actors , keep things diverse or outright wacky . Zellweger brings a pouting charm while O'Donnell is pure naivety and his fat side-kick delivers some good laughs . Again , the movie is a success on it 's own terms because of the brisk pace that stays consistently outrageous and does n't get stuck in any plodding emotional exposition , sentimentality , or melodrama . Fun flick .
 The Bachelor is a hilarious movie about a man that is afraid of committment , but has already found the woman of his dreams . It 's how extreme circumstances , make him discover what he wanted a bit earlier than he was ready to . It 's lots of fun , and the ending is extremely hilarious !! It is , however , a bit stereotypical in all the men in the film stress how marriage is the inevitable ball and chain ... and all the women in the film , are ready for the committment , which is such a joke . However , the film is hilarious and all the crazy escapades that occur just had to the hilarity of it all . Highly recommended !
 The Bachelor is a great movie ! Especially for those women who think that their man will never commit ... This movie gives you some hope as long as you can get past `` You win '' ;-RRB- -LRB- You 'll have to watch the movie to understand the `` you win comment -RRB-
 I thoroughly enjoyed this movie . I saw it years ago and liked it then . But I was seeking for some relief from all the gloomy movies out now , not to mention that a lot of the recent romantic comedies have been total bombs . So I decided to watch it again . I truly enjoyed it . I think there is still a lot that can be done with romantic comedies that has n't been done yet because for some reason , everyone seems to be so into duplicating what 's all ready been presented . That being said , I like the whole metaphor of the stallions , the journey into Jimmie 's past relationships , seeing Ed Asner and Hal Holbrook together . If you want to watch a romantic comedy for the enjoyment of it and not to criticize and compare it to other movies , I would recommend this picture . I think Chris O'Donnell did some of his best acting in this movie , and Renee Zellweger is one of my favorite actresses .
 I first saw this movie on tv last month and I absolutely fell in love with it ! Now you ladies out there might not agree with the plot but let 's face it ladies , it 's true how men feel about being ` roped ' into marriage ! For those of you who have hit the internet date/chat rooms , read the profiles of women from around the world and you will see what they seek in a marriage ! A lot of profiles read ` Seeking Prince to marry a Princess ' or other such lines ! Since the introduction of the PC/WWW , I have done a lot of research on women profiles and I still to this date still see such pickup lines ! -LRB- Fairytale or Not ? -RRB- ...
 I totally thought this was going to be a movie that only women could enjoy , which did n't bother me since I am one , but my husband and his friend watched it with me and they laughed many times and enjoyed it . I guess they enjoyed watching Chris O'donell get himself into trouble . I also enjoyed it , it was n't so weet that it would give you a toothache , but it was enjoyable , and funny and I thought Renee Zellwigger and Chris O'donell gave great performances . If you enjoyed this movie , also try the wedding planner with Jenniefr Lopez , I liked that one even better !
 Years before ABC started their own `` Reality TV show '' about a Bachelor having to choose from a group of marriage-minded women , there was this film , which I did n't see until just recently . Like most romantic comedies , it follows the same formula of boy meets girl , boy loses girl , and boy grovels to win back girl and they marry and live happily ever after . Pretty standard , unoriginal , and uninspired ... and this film starts off that way and does n't really take off until the bachelor -LRB- played by Chris O'Donnell -RRB- views a video will of his grandfather . Therein lies the premise ... The bachelor is the last of his friends to get married , and his grandfather wants to ensure that his genetic line does n't die off if his grandson does n't do his manly duty
 When `` The Bachelor '' was released in the theatres , it was a feel-good favorite ; so when I saw the DVD in the $ 4 budget bin , I decided to have walk down Cinematic Memory Lane . Chris O'Donnell has been inThe Sisters , Kinsey & received a Golden Globe supporting actor nomination forScent of a Woman . As Jimmy Shannon who is given a day to get married before he turns 30 or lose a huge inheritance , he 's delightful as the reluctant groom . His grandfather is played as a cranky hard-of-hearing geezer by Peter Ustinov who would later pass away in 2004 . Ustinov won two supporting actor Oscars forSpartacusin 1960 & Topkapiin 1965 . Renee Zellweger who won her supporting actress Oscar forCold Mountain -LRB- Two-Disc Collector 's Edition -RRB- plays Ann , Jimmy 's girlfriend . When Jimmy botches his proposal to Ann , he sets on a wild goose chase to secure a bride . James Cromwell , from TV 's `` 24 '' & `` Six Feet Under '' who also has a supporting Oscar nomination for `` Babe '' in 1995 , plays the long-faced priest who follows Jimmy 's every move . Hal Holbrook plays O'Dell who tries to assist Jimmy . Holbrook had his first Oscar nomination forInto the Wildin 2007 . Among the ill-fated fiancees is Maria Carey as the operatic Ilana who barely remembers Jimmy . Brooke Shields plays Buckley for laughs as the superficial society-climbing golddigger . Shields would also play in director Gary Sinyor 's next film `` Bob the Butler . '' Jennifer Esposito who was in the Oscar winnerCrash -LRB- Widescreen Edition -RRB- plays policewoman Daphne . Also memorable is Maree Cheatham as the enamored Aunt of Ann , Mona Arden , who has a hard time keeping her hands off her aging spouse . The scene with O'Donnell chased by a stampede of brides is hilarious . It builds to the wonderfully romantic conclusion . Enjoy !
 Chris O'Donnell is a bachelor with a serious fear of marriage . In order to inherit from his grandfather , he needs to marry . The obvious choice is the girlfriend he loves but he botches the proposal and she says no . He then chases down various ex-girlfriends looking for one who will marry him . Chris O'Donnell and Renee Z. have good chemistry . I thought the film was light and hilarious . I loved it .
 This is a awesome movie and I totally think that you should see it ! Just remember that it is rated PG-13 , not PG , cause they say stuff that little kids either wo n't get , or will be much embaressed by it . But it is so funny , from the middle of the movie , you are shouting at the TV saying , `` Aw - c'mon ! What happens ! '' So , it 's a really good movie !!!
 This is a cute love story , with one of my all-time favorite movie lines ... The priest ... in the boat ... `` It 's a wonderful thing , as time goes by , to be with someone who looks into your face , when you 've gotten old , and still sees what you think you look like . '' Oh . . the tears would run for a year if a man ever really said that to a woman !!
 Jimmie Shannon was to get marry -LRB- with some conditions attached , of course ! -RRB- before his 30th birthday in order to the $ 100 million inheritance from his grandfather . The BIG problem was ... Jimmie 's birthday was the next day and he had to get hitched within 24 hours . The BIGGER problem was ... Jimmie was still not ready for the idea of a marriage . But still , in order to get the inheritance , Jimmie proposed to his long-time girlfriend , Anne , anyway . Anne rejected his proposal straightaway as she could see that he was not sincere . Watch through the show to see ways that Jimmie came up with in order to get the inheritance ... and whether he could get it , and Anne 's hand , in the end.Watch this movie if you want a/many laugh -LRB- s -RRB- !
 Well , let me say that I might be a tiny bit biased in this review simply because Chris O'Donnell is just so cute ... . but enough of my gushing ! This is an adoreable film . Chris O'Donnell and Renee Zelwegger have great chemistry as a scared , emotionally unavailable bachelor and his spunky , tough , but loving girlfriend , respectively . They are believeable as a couple , which is essential to a good romance . The story is predictable , but none the less , enjoyable and funny . Brooke Shields is hysterical as one of O'Donnell 's ex-girfriends who ponders marriage for the chance of inheriting a fortune . The film gives an adequate portrayl of the male mind , and how most men feel in regards to marriage . Overall , it is worth viewing and I highly recommend it to brides to be who are looking for films to watch with the girls at a sleepover or bachelorette party !
 After I saw this movie , I became crazy for it because it 's so funny , and it has the very lovely Renee Zellweger . After his grandpa bites the big one , Jimmy Shannon -LRB- Chris O'Donnell in a very funny role -RRB- , a marriage shy bachelor , learns he will inherit a hundred million bucks unless he gets married before he turns 30 years old in 24 hours . Only problem is he messed up his proposal to his girlfriend Anne -LRB- lovely Zellweger -RRB- , and she wont consider marrying him now unless he 's totally wanting to strap on the old ball and chain . Now Jimmy 's only hope is to ask every woman he knows to marry him . Oh boy ! Soon things go from bad to worse when his buddy Marco puts his face on the cover of the newspaper , and now every woman in the city is dying to be his wife . Very funny , and charming all at once . O'Donnell can sure run fast especially with a thousand brides on his tail ! I just hope my wedding will never be like Jimmy 's -LRB- laughing -RRB- !!!
 This movie is Fun . Just fun . Not brilliant , nothing new , and not hilarious . But it is fun and enjoyable . This is a wonder film to own or rent . Not only does it provide a laugh , but also a smile . It 's a perfect date movie . The Bachelor has its moments . Chris O'Donnell is perfectly casted as a bachelor learning to take the next step to marriage . His supporting cast is wonderful as well . They make friendship worthwhile with moments of exasperation and frustration , but that 's what friendship is all about ! I enjoyed this movie . I did n't give this movie too much expectations but it surprised me . It gave me a wonderful flick that I 'll be recommending to friends ... . It 's not your Jim Carey humor , it 's not your typical romance movie , and it 's not your cheesy remake either . It 's a nice , warm and friendly movie geared for those who likes comedy-romances . It 's a fun movie . It 's better than expected and it 's enjoyable .
 Who would have thunk it ? Chris O'Donnell finally stepping up into the lead role of a movie with a great plot , a good script , and a good supporting cast . I ca n't say enough about this movie . It will make you laugh and it will make you cry , -LRB- mostly laugh though -RRB- . If you have seen You 've Got Mail and you enjoyed it , then this is the movie for you . ENJOY ! = -RRB-
 Jimmie finds out he has about a day to get married or else he loses his $ 100 million inheritance . After botching his proposal to Anne he goes through his past list of girlfriends to find a wife by the deadline . The problem is none of the ladies says yes . With just hours left before he has to say `` I Do '' or `` Sayanara to the money '' Jimmie 's best friend puts an ad on the front page of the San Francisco Herald . Brides turn out galore for the wedding at St. Patrick 's Parish and its a mad dash to the altar . Jimmie 's big problem is that he has too many options and must confront his bachelor indulgences . Its an ending that is typical of romantic comedy that is light and easy to watch .
 Other critics beat this movie down but I saw part of it on Comedy Central and was glad that others had given it bad reviews . It made the price lower . It was n't as if the producer 's were trying to re-create some great work of literature to film . I think they were trying to make a romantic funny movie that entertains and I think they hit their mark .
 hey thanks new line for having the guts to put out the edited version of this film & blast from the past i just wish more studios would have the balls to do so . can you imagine what would happen if that took place you guys would make more money think about it . people having the choice to buy edited or non edited versions of the films i thought that would be the case when DVD first came on the scene , but have yet to see any change . i love this film & did ` nt have to worry about muting certain words or images i could just enjoy a good film i still ca n't understand why hollywood does ` nt embrace choice among the public i mean there are wonderful films out that if they were tweaked would be great stressless watching for everybody an example would be lethal weapon & die hard films . but thanks again new line for having the guts maybe others will follow keep up the good work oh by the way where is the DVD of this edited title , just wishing thanks for reading . fan Highly Recommend to buy for families.P.S . My Pet Peeve in film is profanity not content some but not all well maybe doc hollywood is an expection .
 Jimmy 's -LRB- Chris O'donnell -RRB- grandfather offers Jimmy 100 million dollars but there 's conditions . He must marry her before he reaches 30 years old , which happens to be in a day ! He must spend every night with her each month , and it has to last 10 years ! He wants it to be with Anne -LRB- Renee Zellweger -RRB- , the woman he loves . Also , appearences from Mariah Carey and Jennifer Esposito -LRB- Spin City -RRB- With James Cromwell -LRB- The General 's Daughter -RRB- as the priest ! A great movie , and wonderful acting !! See it today !!
 Saw the bachelor in the cinema , It did not fail to keep me smiling and laughing through the whole show.it show that money really ca n't get you true love.It is a guy sincerelyty that had touch the girl 's heart.And at the last part of the movie when one whole bunch of brides chasing after the guy in the movie , boy it was a real fancinating moment I ever seen , never had I seen such phenomenon ever.After all this is really a good movie to keep you entertain for two hours.worth watching .
 For men , marriage is often thought of as a major subtraction . Men feel it 's all about surrendering their freedom to their new wives , not being able to hang out w/the guys anymore & having to ask for permission to do stuff that they used to do routinely . Wild bachelor parties are typically a symbolic gesture of the guy 's last night of happiness and freedom before his autonomy is erased.For women , on the other hand , the institution of marriage is often thought of in fairy-talesque ways . The prince marries the princess and they live happily ever after . The gentleman chooses the most romantic locale and the most perfect day to pop the question . Then , when he does ask for her hand in marriage , he does it with a poetic eloquence that would rival Keats.The present movie pokes fun @ both men and women for their pre-conceived notions about marriage . Chris O'Donnell plays a happy-go-lucky independent male who has not yet hit 30 . He has seen his friends get `` picked off '' one-by-one by the marital epidemic.Meanwhile , the ultra-adorable Renee Zelwegger plays a young woman who has been bred on all the popular fiction about how `` perfect '' everything will be when she gets married . She 's also expecting a breathtakingly perfect evening in which her man will offer her the rest of his life.As you have probably guessed , these two protaganists fall in love but their different viewpoints cause a great deal of friction . The result is nothing short of a hilarious satire on the differences in how men & women look over a lifelong bond.There are some zany twists & turns in the plot , but that is the main gist of the storyline . If you like Romantic comedies , this one is a dandy . I 'd recommend this film for anyone who has ever been married . And , if you 've never been married ... I 'd recommend this DVD even more !
 This is a kind of movie , that no , it does not make you think , it does not make you not think , just a movie that you see . Ok , really , this could be consider a chick flick , but I suppose , being that the main star is Chris O'Donnel , I would call it a romantic comedy . This is a funny movie , with some mildly dramatic moments , my grandma cried . -LCB- CHICK FLICK , LoL JK . -RCB- I think this film had some pretty bad acting , maybe not bad but over the top . Renee Zellweger did not have a big part to me , her character was not realistic in this role . In the final scenes , when she is crying , you would think someone hit her , it was getting to a point where I could not stand it . This is a pretty average 4 , not near 5 . The beginning had the most comedy , Artie Lange in my opinon saved this film from being a drama . The object of the film is that O'Donnel 's character has to marry someone by his 30th birthday and he will get 100 Million dollars from his Grandfather , who recently passed away . There is some humor in the film , I guess females would enjoy it more , it reminded me of Mike Myers `` hit '' , `` So I Married an Axe Murder '' , I could see alot of similar dialouge in here.Bottom line , an over all good choice , just make sure you have a tissue ready.Hope I helped either way ...
 The average , formula-driven romantic comedy goes through several predictable phases
 If you are looking for a thought provoking , intellectual commentary on the state of society , this is not the movie for you . But , if you are looking for a movie you can pop in and sit back and enjoy with a bowl of popcorn , then this is the movie for you.Chris O'Donnell is Jimmy , a devout bachelor with commitment problems . He is totally in love with girlfriend Anne -LRB- Renne Zellweger -RRB- but when it comes to the idea of marriage he just ca n't pull the trigger . So how does this turn into an enjoyable piece of comedy ? Jimmy 's grandfather dies , and leaves him one-hundred million dollars , but in order to collect it , Jimmy has to get married ... within 24 hours ! Sure it 's unbelievable , and sure it 's even outrageous at times . But is n't that why we go to the movies?O ` Donnell is funny and charming , and Zellweger is as adorable as ever . -LRB- What guy would n't want to marry her ? -RRB- The cast is filled out nicely by Ed Asner , Hal Holbrook , and Arte Lange -LRB- The Norm Show -RRB- with cameos by Brooke Shields , and Mariah Carey , not to mention the thousands of women running through the streets of San Francisco in their wedding dresses.Whether you rent it or buy it , I am confidant that you will enjoy it as much as I did .
 How could you possibly go wrong with these 4 movies and at this price , excellent buy and you can sit back and laugh all day . Treat yourself and get it !
 Daughter loves Chris O'Donnell movies so this was a great gift idea . Away at college , she always needs a wide selection of movies .
 Wow ! This was a fast shipment and I ca n't wait to sit down and watch it . Thanks for good service !
 I purchased this for my mother and she highly enjoyed it . It came in great condition and in a timely matter .
 I had heard about the independent films of actor/director John Cassavetes when I was a teenager . I remember his acting in `` The Dirty Dozen '' and various other movies but I do n't think I had the chance to see his work as a director until I watched `` Faces '' last night . After a sceptical start , I came away impressed with this movie . `` Faces '' as I saw it , is a movie about the emptiness of life in some people . The film opens with a very particular movie producer going in for a screening of a new film . Afterwards , I came to understand that Cassavetes was `` putting on '' the film industry by suggesting that they were the very people he was trying to portray in `` Faces '' . The first half hour or so of the movie I found to be rather awkward and difficult to follow . We see three inebriated people joking around . I guess I felt it was a pointless look at pointless lives . I thought the movie picked up when some wives went out on the town . They were looking for a good time although they did n't seem to have a common definition of what that would be . They stumble across a good-looking young guy who is full of fun and energy and they take him home . Despite the general drunkeness of the parties involved , the young guy , named Chet , manages to reach out to each of the four ladies and try to turn them on to his upbeat look on life . Each of them gets drawn in initially and then rebels their way back into their own deadend outlook on life ; the last one in a most extreme way . Chet , the little blue bird of happiness , seems to be a contrast to the depressing reality everyone else finds themselves comfortable in . A switch to a different scene with John Marley and Gena Rowlands weakened the flow of the movie but served to give us a message that happiness is always temporary in an unhappy mind . The movie ends with two of the main characters drifting back into the boredom they have accustomed themselves to.There were a lot of innovative angles to `` Faces '' that film junkies might enjoy . The wandering hand-held camera -LRB- held steadier than mine -RRB- gives an intimate sense of being a part of the party . The title , I thought , came from the near-constant close-ups of all of the characters involved . Some of the acting , particularly that of Lynn Carlin and Seymour Cassel , is very good . I mentioned that the beginning was a bit tedious . I was wondering if it was going to be worth the `` effort '' to watch the whole movie . However , the second half left me impressed with a look at a world where the only enjoyment seems to come out of a bottle . Heaven forbid we should have to deal with one another face to face . I did not enjoy the life `` Faces '' showed me but I certainly came away enjoying the life I live .
 John Cassavetes is certainly an interesting director -LRB- great actor too , but interesting director -RRB- . Instead of directing films for entertainment , he directs them to present a `` slice-of-life '' , so to speak , only one that is usually tumultuous and unkind . His movies are generally uphill battles to watch , but they 're worth it.In this film , an over-the-hill man and woman break up and persue other , younger paramours . While successful , they still have to deal with their own separate pain and fear of many things , amongst them age , loneliness , and friendship.The writing and the acting are the most important parts . The writing is at times brilliant , the rest of the time brutal . Cassavetes tries for a more realistic , human approach , which means characters go off in tangents , talk unproductively , and are often really mean to each other . The acting complements the dialog so perfectly that one does n't see actors on screen , but characters ; only moreso than characters , one sees people , as if watching a home video with a disturbing and powerful plot.Cassavetes was also one to specifically not care about structure . This makes the directing , editing , and cinematography rather jarring and condense . Luckily , it works with the themes of this movie well enough that the movie itself maintains a sense of entrapment and abuse.It 's a great film , though it 's an uphill battle to watch . It 's amazingly written but it 's very inaccessible . I 'd recommend it , but you must heed that it wo n't be something you can just sit down and escape into . -- PolarisDiB
 For a fascinating behind-the-scenes info about Faces and a list of books about Cassavetes ' work , go to Ray Carney 's website dedicated to John Cassavetes -LRB- found through any search engine -RRB- .
 Faces . The ones we put on for loved ones , for business associates , for friends , to impress , to hide ourselves behind , the ugly ones , maybe the real ones.John Cassavetes ' films are personal explorations . They do n't ignore conventions of film or theater but instead refuse to adhere to them.The actors in Faces are exploring their characters from the inside out using improvised type methods -LRB- but writer/director Cassavetes created and adhered to real scripts prior to filming -RRB- . There 's a rawness and vitality to the film that had almost never been captured on film before . At times the actors are trying too hard to dance on the edge of what an audience would be able to watch and accept . They are being characters , not presenting them to us , and they are not trying to be likeable or clever.At times , the film sets up what is supposed to be an authentic and ` real ' moment and then insists on selling it so hard as a real moment it becomes difficult and almost embarassing to watch because it 's missed it mark . The truly awful Bennett Cerf style riddles and jokes husband -LRB- John Marley -RRB- tells his wife and then cackles on and on about as if they are truly funny is a truly annoying scene to watch . Were they meant to comment on how phony attempting to find and film a real moment truly is?There 's the long first scene of the film where one of the actors does n't quite have the skill to shift tones convincingly . The idea of that is a great one though.All of the ideas which challenge what a film and acting is are good ones . They do n't always work , but through it the culture of American life is examined in a raw , honest way.Here it 's the marriage of an upper middle class couple which is under examination . The roles of men and women . The meaning perhaps of love , communication , and marriage.Faces is a raw experimental film where actors are allowed to be both natural and ... well method actors . Some moments work so well , you wonder why these heights are n't regularly strived for ... but then some moments do n't work at all and you realize , this is film-making without a net . It 's risky , it 's not pretty , and it 's messy - - For the performers particularly.It 's a masterpiece , though like many of J.C. 's film difficult to watch . You might be annoyed , bored , bothered , and/or disgusted by the film . At the end you might not quite understand what it all was about.But , you 'll remember it.Christopher J. Jarmick Author of The Glass Cocoon with Serena F. Holder Available February 2001 .
 `` Faces '' carries the dubious distinction of being considered the first `` breakthrough '' independent American feature . `` Faces '' is a John Cassavetes film . It is also categorically one of the two or three greatest masterpieces of American cinema . -LRB- This is neither just a personal opinion , nor an exaggeration . This film is essential . -RRB- What makes this film so special will be lost on many domestic viewers , unfortunately , who simply are n't prepared for the experience . Nearly everything about the film is subversive of conventional Hollywood filmmaking techniques , and this is frustrating for people who are n't ready for it . For example , the film never `` tells '' you anything about the characters
 I 've never seen a movie quite like this in my life ! It 's technically raw , the sound 's bad and half the time I had no idea what was going on , but it builds to a brilliant portrait of four lonely lives . The bad jokes and laughter that eat up so much film time connect loose , rambunctious scenes that defy strict narrative logic -- after a while it feels like you 're watching this movie from the inside , right in the thick of the cigarettes and booze . As usual , Cassavetes shoots the '60s from unexpected angles
 John Cassavetes is widely regarded as the father of the Independent film , who believed that risking anything was the only way to go , who bluntly told Scorsese Boxcar Bertha `` sucked '' -LRB- Scorsese then turned and created Mean Streets -RRB- , and treated his crew like family who he payed very little -LRB- or at all -RRB- . Whether or not Cassavetes is THE father of the Independent film is up to the film historians to decide . Besides , John Cassavetes was not interested in making films to make history or be the strict anti-trend to the big budget nature of Hollywood . John Cassavetes was interested in making films that give us truths about our lives , and he did so greatly , in a very different and low budget kind of nature that made his work seem even more honest . John Cassavetes Face 's is , among the rest of his work , the most well known of his films to enter the public domain , and for many reasons is probably the best Cassavetes work to start with , next to A Women Under the Influence -LRB- a very devastating work -RRB- . Shot in Cassavetes ' trademark documentary style filmmaking , the no BS approach to filming makes Faces even more realistic to watch . It is shot in high contrast black and white , and it look as low budget and unpolished as any other very low budget film . Do n't be too surprised though , Faces is no banal third rate student film work . Cassavetes Oscar-nominated script effortlessly delves into the lives of these empty people and what makes them act the way they are . It is not a sloppy film either , as Cassavetes 's camera work is actually quite inventive , and feels done right without making a big hoopla over how it is being used.Much of Faces will not be explained in this review , and I think part of this is that this film raises tough questions about our lives , many of them that are arguably subjective out of the objective . Rest assured if you are looking for a film that will raise questions about the boring lives that some of us have the potential to lead , then watch this film . For even more insight into the film , I also recommend Cassavetes on Cassavetes , which is written by the leading scholar on Cassavetes , Ray Carney , who applies his own `` Pragmatic Anesthetic '' to the film.Although previously sold in a bare bones DVD with no special features , the good folks at Criterion Collection will make sure that Cassavetes ' works will be given the treatment they deserve . Although sometimes Criterion Collection does n't quite stock up on special features , this two disc set on Faces packs quite a lot of interesting features along with the film -LRB- which is a substantial length at over two hours -RRB- . You are getting your money 's worth with this set , which includes insightful making into the film , an alternative opening , as well as an insightful documentary about the man himself . Since this is a great starting point , the inclusion of a introduction to Cassavetes himself is a very great addition . This is the DVD to start with if you are looking into Cassavetes . Thanks Criterion Collection!A gusty and insightful look into the emptiness of the married middle age suburban demographic , Faces gets my high recommendation .
 The state of independent film today , it is safe to say , would be radically different if it were n't for the pioneering art of John Cassavetes . His unapologetically realist style , coupled with intimate cooperation with his actors and his understanding of the emotional power of improvisation , has earned him the oft-applied title
 A story of a well-hilled Jewish-American family of which a bossy husband relaxing mostly with half his age junior females terrorises a bored wife with divorce , mistakenly underestimating her feminie skills pushes a spouse into her own sexual adventures , while a status quo mutual coexistence continued.Good performing , long feature , not much to watch .
 Faces , by John Cassavetes , is a 1968 film generally credited as being the first popular independent film in America to make an impact in the public consciousness . But , it is more than that . It is a film that totally subverted the dominant themes and forms of Hollywood cinema , at the time , showed that ` adult ' films , truly adult , not a euphemism for pornography , could have mass appeal , and paved the way for the great auteur decade of American filmmaking that was the 1970s . That things have regressed severely , since then , only shows how much a young Cassavetes is needed these days.But , it was totally different from the European auteur films of the 1960s , in that it eschewed symbolism , framing , and Post-Modern techniques of storytelling . Faces is a raw film that is laced with searing , realistic dialogue , and gives the impression that the viewer is truly eavesdropping on the private lives of people who could be them , for there are no Hollywood goddesses nor buff Adonises to be found in any scenes . And , unlike a master like Ingmar Bergman , who also focused on the inner emotional and psychological lives of individuals , Cassavetes ' characters are not philosophizing nor posing in neatly framed boxes . This is not so much a criticism of the European poetic approach to film , merely to state that Cassavetes ' style was far more revolutionary , and felt like actual cinema verit&eacute; . In that sense , while one can argue ceaselessly over the relative excellence of certain directors , it is impossible to deny Cassavetes ' importance in the pantheon of film 's first century.Nor can one deny Faces ' importance , at least as a landmark , if not having lasting influence in Hollywood 's Lowest Common Denominator output . The film follows the demise of the fourteen year marriage of Richard and Maria Forst -LRB- John Marley and Lynn Carlin -RRB- , two LA suburban children of the post-World War Two boom , at the height of American affluence , just before Vietnam , Watergate , and the 1970s allowed the Conservative movement of the 1980s send standards of living into a spiral that has yet to stem . Why are they breaking up ? We are never directly told . He 's the head of a large company , and she a bored housewife , and while they still have things in common , and enjoy each other - as shown in a terrific scene of the couple in bed , laughing their heads off over lame jokes Richard tells , their marriage has just died . Neither could probably pinpoint where , much less why . But , the fact that they are still chuckling over the most inane jokes , just to please one another , says it all about most relationships - that they almost all end up as zombies . That 's what makes this film so real , potent , and discomfiting . Contrast this to the Hollywood paradigm of the mid-1960s , Doris Day comedies , when the film was first started , and the difference is stark ... But , the real stars of this film are the writing and acting . Cassavetes reaches Chekhovian heights of drama , admixed with Tennessee Williams ' poetic realism , in his Oscar nominated Best Original Screenplay . It is truly among the greatest screenplays ever written , even if , as rumored , there was much improvisation in the dialogue . Here , for one of the few times on screen or stage , one gets to see the actor as creator , not merely collaborator . Lynn Carlin , in her first film role , is authentic as the clueless abandoned wife , and got an Oscar nod for Best Supporting Actress . Seymour Cassel , as he lover , is also fantastic , as a gigolo with a soft side , and also got a Best Supporting Actor Oscar nomination . Gena Rowlands , as the prostitute , is neither victim nor saint , just a real person struggling with real problems , and gives her usual great performance , as one of the great actresses of all time in film . But , this film is dominated , from start to finish , by the towering performance of John Marley . How many of us have worked for a son of a bitch like him ? How many women know a bastard like him ? How many men reading this are a Richard Forst ? The supporting actors - Fred Draper as Richard 's drunken pal Freddie , Val Avery as the drunken Jim McCarthy , Dorothy Gulliver as Florence , the old lady Chet deigns to kiss , when she drunkenly pleads for affection - are uniformly terrific , as well.The title of the film is based upon the notion that we all act in ways that are mere role playing for others , mere faces , and this has never been more true than in this film . A more apt title , though , might have been Personae , but since Bergman 's singular Persona had recently been released , to great acclaim , this title suffices . No scene better and more aptly depicts why it suffices than in the terrific , nearly twenty minute opening scene , after the title sequence , which hints at the fact that , as Bergman was doing in that era , this film may all be a film some of the characters are watching , as a presentation to Forst as ` the Dolce Vita of the commercial field . ' That this meta-narrative aspect has not been commented on by many critics I find curious , but understandable , since no more than two or three minutes into the nearly twenty minutes that follow , we are given a bravura performance of drunkenness never before equaled , for its realism , onscreen . The strengths of this film are so many and so potent that things that in other films that would be weaknesses , such as fashions and dated slang , become strengths for this film has not dated . Its characters are as fresh as they were four decades ago , even if the film , itself , serves as a time capsule of the 1960s , yet one that is timeless .
 This is John Cassavettes ' first film , that developed out of an improvisational acting workshop . For sheer power and authenticity -LRB- which are different from `` realism '' -RRB- there is nothing like Cassavettes ' non-studio films . Essential viewing for those who are interested in American cinema , especially the rise of auteur-based work that began in the '70s and continues -LRB- at least ostensibly , with a few films here and there -RRB- in the independent film scene today.One note on this edition
 John Cassavetes was a sometime actor but primarily indie film director extraordinaire , and Faces was one of his best directing works . His beautiful real-life wife Gena Rowlands , then an Angie Dickinson lookalike , was his muse in many of his films including this one , playing a party girl/call girl with an assortment of men friends fighting over her attentions . One of the guys is John Marley -LRB- best remembered for his role as the Hollywood producer in the first Godfather , who finds a horse 's head in his bed -RRB- , who plays an unhappily married successful businessman , whose wife is also unfaithful . Seymour Cassel , a regular Cassavetes film participant , has a delightful role here of a ladies man barfly who has a group of disillusioned middle aged ladies enamored of him , all hoping to be his choice of the evening . In the different situations everyone is drinking highballs and making social attempts at gaiety to hide their inner unhappiness , which may be where the Faces title comes from , i.e. putting on a social face to hide the real person inside ; although as well , there are many facial closeups of the actors throughout the film . One of the loveliest though somber film jazz scores ever , the soundtrack was made into a record that I used to own , but have looked for on CD and can not find -LRB- the tunes evoke Chet Baker 's style -RRB- . Despite the serious tone of the movie , you will find a scene toward the end hysterically funny , that of the married wife caught cheating by the husband in their bedroom with Seymour Cassel , and his attempt to evade the husband is classic and hilarious . If you are not already a fan of John Cassavetes ' offbeat films , this picture will intrigue you into becoming one .
 of the swinging 60 's just before the hippie culture took over . It begins a little loud and brash but soon reveals characters as individuals instead of an energetic chaos . John Marley gives one of my favorite performances ever as an aging tycoon at a life changing moment . Seymour Cassel is at his peak too as a gigolo frozen in adolescence . Folks , acting just can not get much finer than this .
 I as reading the last review and I found it odd that someone would view a video to hear the backround music . In this case , it was `` Country Joe '' McDonald '' . I 'm not sure why the previous reviewer thought `` Country Joe '' made country music . I liken Joe McDonald to events like `` Woodstock '' , `` Haight-Ashbury '' , the `` Fillmore West '' and the whole `` Acid Scene '' that writers like Ken Keasy wrote about.The Electric Kool-Aid Acid TestMcDonald played no country music . Hs contempories were bands like `` The Doors '' who did a song called `` The Unknown Soldier '' and `` The End '' -LRB- both anti-Vietnam -RRB- and Jimi Hendrix who wrote `` Isabella '' and `` Machine Gun '' -LRB- also anti-Vietnam -RRB- Room Full of Mirrors
 This is a compilation of songs published on other records . It is still good . Writing a protest song was and is just Country Joe McDonald &#8217; s way of saying hello . If you are interested in the 60s or the Vietnam War this is worth considering . The most known song on this album , The Fixing to Die Rag , is less raucous than the Woodstock version of that song and still a good version , with the advantage that I can play this one for the grand kiddies without their grandmother going ballistic . For a long time this album was only available at great cost but now it has been republished at a reasonable price and is worth considering .
 Lets get this out of the way , I HATE COUNTRY MUSIC . I mostly listen to progressive metal.But when I first heard country joe -LRB- not so much with fixin to die rag -RRB- I thought I was hit by a train . It was so amazing , so uplifting . I could n't believe I was listening to something labeled as country and was liking it . But it does n't sound like counrty . Almost prog country ... I dont know . But one of the best singers I 've ever heard
 Great movie , the entire cast is great but Oliver Platt is particularly good . I have also purchased a few songs from the soundtrack .
 With a fantastic cast and a perfectly balanced mix of comedy , action , suspense -LRB- and hey , even a little romance -RRB- , `` Gunshy '' aims true , creating a patchwork mix of endearing characters and keeping viewers chuckling even after the final credits start rolling . You wo n't regret watching this one !
 This all-star cast -LRB- Liam Neeson , Sandra Bullock , Oliver Platt , et al -RRB- delivers great performances all around . It is a comedy based around the mishaps of mobsters and undercover police officers . It was 90 minutes of non-stop laughs .
 I was pleasantly surprised with just how funny this movie was . I do n't know how I missed seeing this 12 years ago , but glad I finally did !
 One of my favorite comedies , everyone does a good job and the soundtrack it great . Quirky fun with clever dialogue and great performances . Truly a classic I watch a couple times a year . Buying it on Blu Ray when it comes out . I wish the writer/director had new projects . I thought this was original and a lot of fun ...
 Very enjoyable movie which has Liam Neeson as Charlie Mayeaux , a deep cover DEA operative who has suddenly been struck down with ever increasing panic attacks . A near death experience , while witnessing his partner being murdered , has caused a certified psychiatric mental breakdown . Do n't even think to ask about watermelons.But regardless of his ever fragile mental state and ensuing physical ailments , which hilariously includes the loss of bowel control , his DEA bosses insist he continue his mission to take out two wannabe drug cartels . One cartel led by the unloved son-in-law of an Italian mob boss . The other , led by the unloved son of a Columbian cocaine king . The former because he 's a homicidal nutter , the latter because ... well , it 's sort of nut-related too . : - DIt 's Charlie 's job to break their evolving empire . The problem is , without powerful prescription drugs , he 's seriously unstable and more likely to take down his drawers to do a Number Two - rather than take down a bunch of bad guys.Let me preface the following by saying Oliver Platt is one of my favorite actors . His role as the other half of this unconventional buddy-buddy flick is insanely funny.Platt portrays Fulvio Nesstra , the mob hitman whose continual self-defeating instinct toward every life situation is to just whack you . And I mean every situation , like what happens to the poor -LRB- and innocent -RRB- neighbor whom Fulvio believes is stealing his morning paper . Watching his constant and continual efforts to control that instinct is * hilarious * . Despite the fact Fulvio is borderline psychotic , in his defense , I honestly believe you can be `` made '' to become insane if specific pressures and extreme circumstances force the condition on you . I 'm not debating the official psychiatric diagnosis , only as it applies to this funny dark comedic performance delivered by Platt.There 's an almost child-like tenderness which shows he has profound regrets becoming the cleaner for the family . And one imagines it 's the only life he 's ever known ; a prisoner of circumstance . Fulvio 's tomatoes -LRB- shared fruit imagery with Charlie 's watermelons -RRB- seems to me , Director Blakeney 's life altering metaphor for the pair of unlikely friends.Gun shy is pure farce but exceptionally done . I only wish they had worked in a hypnosis gag for Charlie , those usually play well in films of this type . Ah well . : - -RRB-
 How did I miss this 2009 dark comedy ? I happened to be looking for something to watch on instant play and I came across this movie . Being a fan of Liam Neeson , Sandra Bullock , and Oliver Platt I gave it a look . What a riot ! This was exciting and funny and I applaud Sandra Bullock for producing it . Liam Neeson plays a DEA agent named Charlie , that faced death once to often , and he becomes gun shy with some health issues . He runs into a lower GI doctor played by Sandra Bullock and things start to change for him as he tries to play it cool for one more deal to bring down a drug cartel.Charlie 's meetings with his psychiatrist lead to group sessions . The meetings are great and the comradery will pay off in the long run when the going gets tough . Oliver Platt plays an over-the-top gangster that shoots first and ask questions later . Fortunately he takes a liking to Charlie and they develop a repoire . The story is excellent and there is a great mix of crime drama and comedy . I highly recommend it if you enjoy the offbeat dark comedies . If you enjoyed this be sure to catchThe Dream Team , Miss Congeniality , andLake Placid -LRB- Widescreen Edition -RRB- . CA Luster
 Years ago I stumbled on this movie by accident , started watching it and it 's been one of my favorite dark comedies . Really liked Oliver Platt 's charecter.I have a copy of the dvd at home but it 's a bit worn and I decided to get myself a new copy just in case.So worth it .
 I have this movie a very long time and had one sent to my Aunt in the USA.It is one of those movies that escaped alot of attention.Sandra Bullock , Liam Nesson , Oliver Platt and many more brillant actors.It is funny , smart , and highly worth watching .
 Awesome movie , one of my wife and I 's favorites . Always makes me laugh . Was delivered on time as promised .
 This film displays a nice combination of dry , somewhat dark comedy and fun suspense . Likely classified as a comedy , there are some good plot twists and turns that also make the film work as a good crime story , too.The film centers around Charlie -LRB- Liam Neeson -RRB- , a DEA agent who has had one-too-many brushes with death . He is burned out and ready to retire to a seaside resort , but has to complete one last mission first . A chance encounter with a psychiatrist , and a resulting meeting with a lovely woman -LRB- Sandra Bullock -RRB- who performs a very personal medical procedure that leads to a date , change Charlie 's life and outlook . As Charlie makes his way to the end of his mission , his story takes some interesting twists , and there is a good deal of laugh-out-loud humor along the way.Although I have always considered Neeson and Bullock overrated , both turn in solid performances . But , it is the supporting cast , headed by Oliver Platt , that make this movie really tick . Jose Zuniga , Michael DeLorenzo , Mitch Pileggi , Colin Albertson and Mary McCormack round out a cast of familiar faces whose name escape all but the hardcore movie buff.This is a good , solid film . It will not blow you away , but should provide a nice evening of entertainment .
 How this movie got tucked away I will never know . It is just hilarious.Plus Sandra Bullock is in it and who ca n't fall in love with her ? Liam Neeson is superb in this as he is in anything he does , but Oliver Platt steals the show . He made me laugh in every scene he was in . Even blinking his eyes this dude is funny.Do yourself a favor and check it out I promise you wo n't be sorry .
 I absolutely love how this film is really about stereotypes , and how everyone in it is the opposite of their stereotypes . An undercover DEA agent that has lost his nerve and really does n't want to be an agent any longer . A nurse that is anti-medical eatablishment , and just want 's to play in the dirt . A mob thug that just wants to grow some tomatos -LRB- that may be a little stereotypical . -RRB- And some Colombian drug dealers that really just want to run away together .
 Oliver Platt makes this movie . His character is one of my favorites ever . The story line is great . Finally , a movie that shows the main character as he might be in real life under such circumstances . Sandra Bullock adds the hope and fun in this film with her `` go with the flow of life '' attitude . Reminder
 This film has much of what I look for in a film
 I ordered this movie as a Christmas present , I believe it was the week prior to Christmas . The package came promptly and my family and I opened it and watched it that weekend . It was brand new , just as described and worked perfectly . Cute movie .
 My husband loves violent movies ; I do n't . Which may be why I love this one -- it spoofs the whole mafia/shoot-em-up/word-to-kill ratio genre . Liam Neeson is brilliant and humiliates himself without hesitation , and the rest of the cast is wonderful -LRB- with lovely bonuses for `` West Wing '' fans -RRB- . My daughter got me this DVD for Christmas after I 've wanted to see the movie again for years . What a treat .
 This movie is worth the cost for the scene when Neeson first meets Bullock . I almost fell of my couch I was laughing so hard !!!! -LRB- I wo n't give that away -RRB- . Really builds nicely to a perfect ending , with a nod to `` Jaws '' in the final scene . Very nice !!!
 I find I 'm really attracted by this one . For exemple , I do LOVE the beginning part . But the same time I 've got to say this story has some problems . My way to solve these problems is separating every small part , just regard them as independent MVs . These are great MVs or advertisements or short films . Do you know a famous writer named Franz Kafka ? He had created some very very short , without ending stories and they are so lovely . If I do n't do this I 'll be lost in some kind of feeling or emotion confusing or identification crisis . I should say sorry to Liam Neeson because I find I love his performance in this movie so much , I never paid attention to this actor , I even criticized this actor of another movie here just a few days ago , maybe I lost my eyesight temporarily , who knows ?
 Premise 1
 I saw this movie in the video star and looked at for weeks and never picked it up . I finally watched it and all I can say is that I laughed and laughed . I think this is one of the best comedies that I have ever seen , and I am a movie buff . I think that because this movie was more independent than main-stream and not publisized that you did n't prejudge the movie . I am not a Sandra Bullock fan and when I saw that she produced it I prejudged it . The cast was wonderful , a lot of WELL known actors -- even if you do n't know their name , I promise you that you will recognize them . This movie was GREAT !
 I have seen Gun Shy 3 times on TV within the last week . It is absolutely chilling , outrageously funny , compelling , and shocking . Platt steals the movie . He is realistically outrageous and his wife is the second scene stealer . They are both totally -LRB- it would seem -RRB- crazy , and the tuffie Fulvio is afraid of his wife . Hilarious and deadly . Loved the ending . I am having a hard time finding it to purchase . None of the major stores have it . So here I am . Hope I can get it . Oh , all of the actors do a superb job . The Director was a genius.Marci
 I really would rate this movie with 4 and a half stars rather than just four but anyways . I had read a lot of reviews about this movie before I rented it and I noticed that so many of them were bad reviews . I 'm a big Liam Neeson fan and of course he did a great job acting in this movie -LRB- like always -RRB- . I was sad to see that Sandra Bullock did n't have a lot of scenes in this movie , but the scenes she was in were great . I think Liam Neeson , Sandra Bullock , and Oliver Platt as well did a great job acting in this movie . The movie was kind of slow to begin with , but it just got better and better . It seemed you have to listen to almost everything they say in order to get all the funny one-liners -LRB- and there are some great ones -RRB- . If you are not a fan of Liam , Sandra , or Oliver you probably wo n't like this movie , but if you 're a fan of them I think you will enjoy this movie . Not only is the movie a nice , fun film , the music is very much enjoyable . It was nice to see Liam Neeson in a funny movie and Sandra Bullock is always funny , but in this movie she seemed more ` calm ' . I think the characters were very deep and Liam , Sandra , and Oliver did a good job at portraying there ` deepness ' . Bottom line - This movie is great if you 're a fan of the main characters and you like dark , offbeat comedies .
 I saw this movie at the video rental and , since I had never heard of it before , assumed it was a flop . Being such a great fan of Liam Neeson , I watched it anyway , and I loved it!The story is very original , with an endearing cast of very human criminals whose facade of cold calculation is quickly demolished.Not your typical Hollywood action comedy , but well worth watching despite , and certainly because of , that .
 I do n't know what movie all those other people who reviewed this movie watched , but I found Gun Shy to be very entertaining . I can only assume that those peoples ' views are a product of Hollywood . With a good story and a real life touch that `` Glam '' characters rarely have , Gun Shy does what a movie should , entertain .
 prodict arrived early , and was brand new ... expected a reconditioned used version ... was quite pleased with price , delivery , and product.chris
 I found this to be a wonderful and engaging film . The plot has been criticized for being a tad meandering and while I do agree with that , it did n't detract from my enjoyment at all . I found it a little hard to get into at first , I think because there was so much of Liam Neeson in the first several scenes and he is not one of my favorite actors . He won me over in this , however . People also have stated that the `` bowel humor '' was a bit gross , but I felt the sound effects were funny and also made you really feel the charactor 's discomfort and fear in the scene . Remember , everybody poops.Oliver Platt is one of my favorite actors , and he does not disapoint in this movie . This is definitely a charactor driven movie , with a lot of conversations and not much action , but the action was well placed and hilarious . There are also small nuances that really develop the charactors further such as when Oliver Platt 's charator , Fulvio , spends the night cleaning his kitchen . I found it both warm-hearted and funny and the statement it makes about some peoples need to get out of the rat race of their lives and relax really spoke to me ! To the Ocean View!A word to Sandra Bullock fans - she has a very small part in this film and is only in a few scenes , although she is wonderful as always .
 Five stars for this cleverly made dark comedy about a DEA Agent 's last assignment , to catch the players in a drug ring.Liam Neeson plays Charlie , whose last assignment with the DEA went south badly , resulting in his partner being killed and him being literally tied up on a large platter of watermelon , but is rescued before he is executed.The very opening scene of this movie is a kick , with Charlie sitting pants-less on the bathroom floor of an airport , talking to himself and reliving his arguments with his boss and the execution of his partner ; complete with a hilarious fantasy of the bad guys doing ballet leaps as they are shot , surrealistic and funny , choreographed along with the tune `` Blue Skies For Everyone '' . Charlie meets a psychiatrist on the airplane , and decides to see him . Dr. Bleckner talks Charlie into joining his group therapy session , where Charlie unloads the stresses of his job , to the astonishment of the group . He also talks Charlie into seeing a gastroenterologist , and prescribes some sedatives for him to take before his big meeting with the drug mob.Charlie teams up with Fidel and Estuvio , two Columbians who are bringing in the drugs , and a meeting is arranged with Fulvio Nesstra -LRB- Oliver Platt -RRB- and his money man Jason Cane -LRB- Andrew Lauer -RRB- . Fulvio is a frustrated gangster , following along in the family business and trying to please his father-in-law , when what he really wants to do is just be able to grow a good tomato.The meeting is hilarious , with Charlie falling asleep from the drugs while talking with Fulvio , and Fulvio shooting Estuvio in the jewels.Charlie goes to the gastroenterologist and meet nurse Judy Tipp -LRB- Sandra Bullock -RRB- who tells him that he needs to get his life under control or he will s *** himself to death . This is probably one of the best scenes in the movie , the enema scene done to the tune of `` Man 's World '' while Nurse Tipp chats away . Charlie and Judy strike up a romance , the chattering Judy giving Charlie the new perspective on life that he needed.Charlie is trying to get through this assignment and nail the drug ring , while Fulvio is trying to get through the deal to make a name for himself , and they strike up an unusual friendship.Things go from bad to worse , as Charlie reveals more and more of his job to his counseling group , becomes more involved with Judy , and goes deeper and deeper into the dealings with Fulvio and the columbians.This is a not-to-be-missed movie ; it is well cast and well acted , with a fresh and unique storyline not even comparable to Analyze This or the other movie competitors . I would go so far to say that Gun Shy is far superior to the competing movies that pushed it into the video stores so quickly , more full of life and humor even with its black undertone.The surprise twist at the end will leave you laughing for a long time , I did n't even see it coming and it was the perfect top off for this excellent dark comedy . My advice ? Go out and buy this movie . Enjoy !
 Apparently this movie got lost in the shuffle somehow -LRB- see other reviews -RRB- and it is a shame , because it is a very funny , semi-black comedy that deserved a broader audience . While Liam Neeson is not usually cast in comedies , he should do more of them because he was very good as Charlie , the burned-out drug agent and he was surrounded by a great cast , topped by Oliver Platt , who was , as usual , excellent , and Sandra Bullock , who had a small but effective part as Charlie 's no-nonsense girlfriend . Mary McCormick was hilarious in a tiny , almost unrecognized part as Fluvio 's -LRB- Pratt 's -RRB- caustic wife and the group of sadsacks who made up Charlie 's therapy group added their own comic note . I would recommend this to anyone who just wants to relax and have a nice , uncomplicated laugh and enjoy two very attractive leading actors .
 I was very surprised by this film . I had overhead so many negative reviews of this feature that I think it had seeped to deeply into my mind when I chose to pick it up . I had already thought that it was going to be a poor excuse of a film when I placed it in my DVD player , but to my surprise -LRB- literally -RRB- , this was actually a well developed , superbly acted film . Now , it was n't the greatest movie that I have ever seen , but as far as entertainment goes , this film did lift an eyebrow . The script was loose , but well thought out , the acting was well above your average independent feature , and the tone was light . I think that is what I liked most about this film -LRB- outside of the acting -RRB- was that it never went too deep into itself , but instead kept it light and seemingly fluffy . In an era of over-zealous directors , Eric Blakeney proved to me that he could gather great actors , place them in a decent story , and produce amazing results . I wish other directors would take his lead and push more towards this than just giving up and relying on the name of the actor to sell their film.There are three elements that really caught my attention while watching this film , and I must begin with the acting . You had in this film some of Hollywood 's most dramatic , comedic , and talented people doing their best work in this little film called Gun Shy . Liam Neeson represented his character so well , that I nearly forgot most of the time that he was Neeson from Schindler 's List , but instead this neurotic agent with problems around every bend . The twitching of his hands , the ability to bring life to his words and his comedic timing was brilliant . He really was a shining light in this film . This rubbed off onto the others in this film causing greatness from everyone . Oliver Platt was hysterical playing off of every Italian stereotype that can be seen in such hits as The Sopranos and The Godfather , but he does it with so much originality and creativity that it feels and smells fresh . I found myself laughing at everything Platt did , and he played so well against Neeson that I am surprised that the two have n't made more films together . Then there was Sandra . While this was n't the mightiest role for her , she was enjoyable to watch . She did n't overdo it , nor was she lacking . She was the only average character in the film , and I blame this in part to only having a few short scenes in the film -LRB- kinda underdeveloped -RRB- . The rest of the cast was well above par . What was interesting about the characters and actors of Gun Shy is that I wanted to watch them . They , unlike some recent Hollywood blockbusters , brought life into the film and they had `` fun '' -LRB- a Hollywood curse word -RRB- with this production . You could tell , and it provided some enjoyable cinema.The next element was the story . Director/writer Eric Blakeney did a great job of complementing the actors with a simple script . This may sound like an insult , but so many times we watch films that have this overdeveloped story that causes are actors to get lost , our audience to get lost , and ultimately our film to get lost . By keeping the story simple , Blakeney was able to bring the best from the actors . I do believe that the script complimented the actors and pushed them to explore new possibilities of characters . It was a story that we had seen time and time again , but again , like the acting , it seemed original and fresh because it was simple and complete . My only gripes about the story is that it could have developed Bullock 's character a bit more and sharpened the ending a bit , but that is all . Honestly , I thought the film worked the way the script was written , no changes were needed , but healthy constructive feedback is always welcomed.Finally , I would like to say that I loved the theme of this film . Perhaps it is where I am in my life that allowed it to hit me so hard , but for me it was sheer bliss . Here you have a story , which all the central characters hate , loathe , and dislike their lives . From Charlie 's hatred and fear of getting killed by his job , to Fulvio 's passion for a better life , to the Colombian 's wanting to escape in love together , to even all of Charlie 's friends in his group therapy that hate their lives as well , there is just this overwhelming sense of dislike for the world when this film begins . As we grow with our characters , they begin to see the brighter side of life and that we all need that moment of change to help us grow and develop ourselves . I thought this was a great theme to bring into a zany mob comedy , but it worked . So many times in Hollywood we see the happy family man who gets caught up in the mob mess , but never have we seen so many disillusioned people gathered in one film and still make it a comedy . It was very close to perfection.Overall , I enjoyed this film . I will say it again , it was n't the best I have ever seen , but it did provide two hours of entertainment and sometimes that is all you can ask of a film -LRB- though lately it is becoming harder and harder -RRB- . The acting is what pulled me into the picture , and the depressing beginning theme kept me glued to the screen . I surprise myself sometimes because this was not a `` crazy film '' . It was a generic story that allowed the actors and the director to be original and creative . You do n't see that much anymore , and it was sheer bliss to finally witness it in the film Gun Shy.Grade
 It is too bad this movie did not get the attention it deserves . It does have considerable charm . The ending may be a bit predictable but this is a pleasant and well acted effort . If you buy this movie , you will not regret it . The purchase price will not be wasted money unlike some DVDs . This movie is one you will enjoy looking at every six months or so .
 I saw this film , knowing very little about it , and was quite rewarded . It is inevitably compared to Groose Pointe Blank , Analyse This , etc. , which is not a bad crowd to be in ; however , the film stands up very well by virtue of strong performances by Liam Neeson and Oliver Platt , both of whom have a penchant for taking complex characters and making them become believable and engrossing -LRB- admittedly , Platt 's opening scene is a bit over the top , but he 's a good enough actor to get beyond it -RRB- . What makes this film different from other `` therapy '' films is the well-wrought friendship that emerges between the two `` rivals , '' who eventually turn their backs on the whole system that sets them in opposition to one another.The film is also the big screen emergence of Eric Blakeney , who has had a long run as a television writer . For a first film , it presents a very mature vision and strong sense of the image/narrative relationship , as well as convincing emotional range . Blakeney is a name we should remember , and look for .
 If you liked the movies `` Defending Your Life '' with Meryl Streepand Albert Brooks ; or the classic `` Harold and Maude '' , then youhave the kind of sense of humor needed to enjoy this warm , sad , funny , serious and engaging movie . It 's all about the people.Sandra Bullock was a hoot in this film ; Liam Neeson was superb.Also in the cast is Mitch Pileggi from the X-Files , Paul Ben-Victor -LRB- The Invisible Man -RRB- , and Oliver Platt who was charming , terrifying and hilarious . If you do n't know Oliver Platt by name , as soon as you see him you 'll recognize him . He plays a veryconvincing mob maniac , but your fears will soon turn intoaffection . Oliver is absolutely fantastic , he does a great jobwith his character.Whether looking inside the heads of these intense charactersliving dangerous lives , or having no idea what they 're thinkingwhile they do the things they do , is what keeps you locked intothis movie . I could n't miss a minute of it , it is highlyentertaining and constantly full of surprises.It 's a unique movie , and it goes it 's own way . I 'm surprised atthe bad reviews posted before mine . I think the folks whosnubbed this film simply did n't get it . That 's okay - I thinkyou 'll either love the film or hate it . If you have a taste forthe somewhat unusual and the ability to like the characters , the `` people '' , it 's bound to be a hit with you . If you 're more intoThe Three Stooges type of humor , this wo n't work for you.This is n't the kind of comedy that makes you roar out loud - it 's the kind of movie that keeps you smiling the whole time , thouroughly enjoying the characters , the music , the irony.The opening tune was a tip off of the kind of fun to come , `` Blue Skies For Everyone '' done in minor chords like a spookyHalloween song . This is not a complex film , it is simple andhuman and highly entertaining . I loved it . I rarely purchasefilms , but this is one I will enjoy seeing again .
 If you like Liam Neeson . . have -- I -- got a movie for YOU!He 's the star of GUN SHY -LRB- 2000 -RRB- , a superior comedy that co-stars Oliver Platt -LRB- in one of his best performances as `` leg breaker '' Fulvio Nestra -RRB- and Sandra Bullock -LRB- as Judy Tipp , ` the Enema Queen ' -RRB- . Geez , I just watched it again last week and already I want to do so for the umpteenth time.Neeson is undercover DEA agent ` Charlie ' Mayeaux -LRB- pronounced May-YO -RRB- . When he 's betrayed by a fellow agent and almost killed , all Charlie wants to do is retire and seek `` the ocean view . '' His superiors insist he hang in and finish this last assignment , a market-cornering scheme that involves Fulvio , a Columbian druglord named Fidel Vaillar -LRB- Jos&eacute; Z&uacute; & ntilde ; iga -RRB- , Fidel 's boyfriend Estuvio -LRB- Michael DeLorenzo -RRB- and the Wall Street arranger/inside trader Jason Cane -LRB- Andy Lauer -RRB- . Charlie 's fears for his life are causing him huge stress . He sees a shrink , becomes part of a professional mens ' group therapy -LRB- some wackos there -RRB- and is sent by the psychiatrist to a gastroenterologist -LRB- for ` intermittent flatulence ' -RRB- , where he meets Judy and gets a barium enema while she cracks a series of jokes.From this odd chance meeting , they become a couple . Charlie 's deal goes forward and he learns in the process that even the bad guys are dissatisfied with their lives . Fulvio is married to the Don 's daughter , who 's a REAL B word . His only dream is to grow tomatoes in Sicily and not be a gangster . Fidel and Estuvio also want to abandon crime and design clothes together.I wish there were some way I could impart how witty and entertaning this film is right down to the smallest detail , like the music score . All I can say is if you decide to see GUN SHY , please stay tuned during the first 30 seconds of the movie credits for an all-important glimpse of a happy man.Oh , and let me know -LRB- in COMMENTS -RRB- if you enjoyed it as much as I do ! : ? D
 This 1960 's classic is much better than the 1990 's remake . If your child is starting to read Shakespeare , I would suggest allowing him or her to view this film . It will help your child better understand Shakespeare and his world . In fact , this film got me hooked on Shakespeare when I was 15 .
 This is the ultimate movie experience ; they just do n't make love stories like this anymore . I feel that William Shakespeare himself would have given the screen play five stars if he were alive today . This is not the original version of this movie but I feel that it is the most entertaining of the bunch . The costumes , the music , the surroundings all fit perfectly to accomplish a work of art . This would be the ideal movie to watch on a rainy night right in front of the fire place . I recommend it highly for those of you looking for the ultimate love Story .
 I have seen a couple of films made about Romeo & Juliet-including the one with Leonardo DiCaprio , but if you want to see it as it should be , this is the one . The costumes , sets , and just the incredible look of this film has made it one of my all time favorites . Franco Zefarelli has a way with these type of movies that has made me a fan of anything he makes . If you love Shakesphere , and want to see it in all of its glory - then this is the film for you .
 There must be a reason that this remains one of my favorite films ... I was 13 when I first saw it and it has remained with me all of these years . I was thrilled to see R & J played by actors of the right age and Olivia Hussey 's exotic beauty and Leonard Whiting 's teen pin-up good looks made me understand immediately how two people could fall in love so quickly and completely as to be unable to live without each other -LRB- ah ... to be 13 again ! -RRB- . This film gave me my first taste of William Shakespeare 's works and made me want to read more . The costuming is lavish , the music is romantic and the entire film feels authentic . I have shared this film with my teen-aged daughters and they are as enraptured as I was . Ca n't ask more of a film than that !
 I love all genres of movies and music . This film brings out the inner love of life from within me . Leonard Whiting and Olivia Hussey do an amazing job for their age . Can one imagine how challenging it must have been for a fifteen and seventeen year old to master these roles . I believe they did a wonderful job . The movie moved me and made me appreciate the little suttle things in life like falling leaves in the fall and a crisp breeze blowing through your hair in the winter . The music , acting , direction as well as the actors bring the movie to life and makes all of us want to relive Romeo and Juliet in our worlds over and over again .
 i was pretty excited when i found out that Romeo and Juliet was a required reading for my English 9 class . i knew bits and peices of the story , but wanted to know all of it . I instatenly fell in LOVE with the story and was very excited to watch the movie . i like how the original Shakespearian language was kept in the film , along with the setting . i saw both this , and the newer version of this movie and like this one MUCH better . i highly suggest this movie to anyone who likes Shakespeare , or at least can understand it . this is such a beautiful romantic story and Olivia and Leonard did an amazing job bringing the story to life .
 Could n't get through this movie when I was in my early teens -LRB- then , I thought it was too sappy and could n't follow it -- did teenagers really talk and act like that ? -RRB- . But I recently purchased it and had a quiet time away from the husband -LRB- he 's really not into movies like this -RRB- . Boy , what I missed the first time ! This is a true `` get out your tissues '' movie ! I did n't realize Michael York -LRB- Austin Powers -RRB- was in this movie as the character Tybalt until I read the credits . Milo O'Shea was excellent as the Friar Laurence who helped the star-crossed lovers -LRB- played by Whiting and Hussey -RRB- . If only Romeo had waited a few moments longer for his beloved Juliet to wake up . It gives you a glimpse of what people 's mindset were like , all in the name of love . I 'm glad I matured enough to appreciate this movie . I will never get tired of watching it .
 This was no typical love story , and a very good remake from the play . However , I was amazed at how many lines were cut out from the play and put into the movie . This was effective because the play may get boring for viewers sometimes because of all the un-necessary lines . The plot was very good , excellent in fact . Zefirelli did an outstanding job directing and the duel between Romeo and Tybalt was well choreographed . But ... At the end I was kind of dissapointed because the movie had cut out a good part that the play had in it . I wo n't tell you the moment because it 's a spoiler . Oh well ... Enjoy the movie .
 I first saw this movie in 1969 , and everytime I see it again , it still looks fresh and new . Because the actors are the ages that Shakespeare intended them to be played as , it seem much more realistic . The photography is just beautiful and the acting is very heartfelt and believable . The tenderness between Whiting and Hussey is truly magical . I would recommend this movie to young adults who might have trouble following the story in book form . I think that they could really relate to this .
 I borrowed this tape from my local library to compare it and the Baz version . And I have to say this one wins hands down . I had to read Romeo and Juliet in eighth grade . And I really liked it then . But I like it even better now . Whiting and Hussey made an awesome Romeo and Juliet . This version draws you in until you actually feel like your there in Verona . It got to the point where I was laughing , crying , and shouting at the T.V. Especially when Romeo passed the friar carrying the letter . When I 'll not let any more of the beans spill . So here 's my recomendation . Rent , Borrow or Buy this version and you will not regret it . It 's a MUST see .
 With the exception of `` Hamlet '' -LRB- 1990 -RRB- , I am not familiar with other cinema work of Zeffirelli , but his legendary La Scala production of Puccini 's `` La Boheme '' -LRB- available on DVD with fantastic cast including Mirella Freni and Gianni Raimondi , not to mention Karajan on the rostrum -RRB- has long been among my greatest favourites . It has , of course , been criticized exactly for what I think are its chief merits
 I went to see this movie when it came out in 1968 when I was 12 . This is the best `` Romeo & Juliet '' movie ever . Olivia Hussey and Leonard Whiting are forever . Actors/actresses , music , costume , location and so on ... Everything was perfect . Love this movie .
 By far the best film of the star-crossed lovers ' . This is a wonderful movie which great actors that portrayed Romeo and Juliet perfectly . Being in love with the story of Romeo and Juliet , I 've watched this movie many times , and it 's beautiful everytime .
 Damon Medic says , if you have never seen Shakespeare on screen , I suggest you see this GEM of a film ! Olivia Hussey is GORGEOUS and sexy as hell ! Leonard Whiting and Hussey have a very HOT relationship , just the way Shakespeare planned it . This film is easy to follow and is a great introduction to the love of Shakespearean Literature . This is the ONLY Romeo and Juliet to see . Do n't let the PG rating sway you , however . Both characters are shown nude , brief as it may be . No complaints here , but not good for young viewers . -- Damon Medic
 It is rare for me to sit through a romance of any sort , but this version of Romeo & Juliet is superb.Magnificently acted with attractive leads , wonderful sets and costumes ... I 'm buggered if I can understand what all the fuss was about with Di Caprio 's version.By far the best Romeo & Juliet I have seen .
 The Franco Zeffirelli production of `` Romeo and Juliet '' is by far my all time favorite version of the classic play . Staring Olivia Hussey as Juliet , this movie really captures the feel of the period and brings the story to life . The sets and costumes were simply perfect and the feast scene with the dancing and moving song is perhaps the most powerful movie memory I have from my teen years . The emotion of the movie comes through.We watched this with our teen daughter who wanted to try out for her senior class play . She read along and practiced the lines to get the emotions correct.This is a fantastic story , brought to life in a stunning movie.Highly Recommended!CFH
 My class loved the movie and asked for a second viewing . Superb ! sparked a lot of discussion .
 Although the Leonardo Decaprio version of this movie was a fine production , none of the Romeo and Juliet adaptations that have been done over the years has surpassed this version in my opinion . The casting director did an excellent job of choosing the characters -LRB- especially in casting the Nurse whose hilarious antics make her scenes truly interesting to watch -RRB- . I would DEFINITELY recommend this movie to anyone who loves Shakespeare .
 Hey does anyone know the name of the song that the guy sings at the Capulet 's party ? I really would appreciate it .
 i am the biggest shakespeare fan , and this movie got me hooked ! watch it now !!!
 She looks good in the movie but in real life she is too old
 I throughly enjoyed this movie . However there was one thing that bothered my
 I watched this version in my English class and it was so good . We watched it after we read the play and I got the part of Juliet . I love this movie because it is a great love story . This movie is a great love story and I love it!O Romeo , Romeo , where for art thou Romeo ? That is my favorite line from Juliet . I really love the story of Romeo & Juliet .
 I have seen both versions of Roemo & Juliet . First , I viewed the 1996 and enjoyed every minute but after I saw the 1968 movie I enjoyed it even more ! Franco Zeferrli -LRB- the director -RRB- is gay , but I 'm not going to let that stand in my way . People might say that Mercurtio -LRB- Played fablously by Michael York -RRB- and Romeo -LRB- Lenard Whiting , what a doll ! I 'll get to him later -RRB- are a little TOO close to be best friends , I do n't personally think that . I , myself , not even being a lesbian should know that males share a bond . I ca n't quite explain it but it 's a bond , like , it 's said in the bible that a brother is born for adversity and a friend should be closer than a brother ... BINGO ! Anyhoo , back to the movie . From the first fight in the streets of Verona to the last cry of anguish from Juliet in her tomb -LRB- I know I was crying -RRB- every scene was perfectly detailed , almost like a painting . I also enjoyed the Middle Age music in this film , particulary the score to the main theme What Is A Youth ? . The actors are nothing short of fablous , Olivia Hussey -LRB- 15 -RRB- is a beautiful , adolscent Juliet and Leonard Whiting -LRB- 17 -RRB- is a handsome , rebllious Romeo . The same goes for the supporting actors / actresses -LRB- Michael York , Pat Dunaway etc. -RRB- ! This film has inspired me to watch more of Shakespere -LRB- I have already viewed both R & J films , plus Taming Of The Shrew , Hamlet , Much Ado About Nothing and bits and pieces of A Midsomer 's Dream , but that 's a WHOLE different story -RRB- . This movie has also inspired me to turn the story of Romeo & Juliet into a modern romance movie . So , thank you Mr.Shakespere for writing this extroadinary play and thank you Mr. Zefferlli for making a gem to all movie buffs -LRB- and fans of Shakespere -RRB- .
 I would recomend it but very cheesy but thats just the story line.It was a very romantic story that hopefully everybody knows because of its fame in the modern TV showes where you have people trying out for one part just for a chance at the ending kiss but is a lie because in this move they do not only kiss once .
 I ca n't believe that in this day and age that such a tawdry film could be made -- why , it totally promotes teen suicide ! Shocking , simply shocking . -LRB- Axton -RRB-
 We all know to understand Shakespeare , we need to be able to first see a literal meaning of words and then look beyond the surface and see their true meaning . Romeo and Juliet is a perfect example of higher forces -LRB- god -LRB- s -RRB- -RRB- teaching humans a lesson that they can not simply learn themselves . Both the houses of Capulet and Montague had ancient grudges against eachother . Instead of settling their differences , they continued to fight and hate eachother . As Romeo said , `` It has much to do with love , but more to do with hate . '' The houses enjoyed fighting . The only was to end this hatred was with love of Romeo and Juliet , which is odd to think about . Even though the star-crossed lovers lacked credibility -LRB- since after all Romeo went from being in love with Rosaline to instantly being in love with Juliet -RRB- their love grew to be so immense and too perfect for this world . Sacrificial items are usually immaculate and almost of another world . People that offer up sacrifices to thier gods believe that what their sacrificing is too precious for this world . So , I do n't think the death of Romeo and Juliet is neccessary a trajedy . Things that are virtuous and too good for this earth have two paths
 Ugh ... I just have to state my opinion . We 're watching this movie is English class -LRB- 10th grade -RRB- . We 're up to the part where Capulet is upset because Juliet refuses to marry Paris.Okay . I know I have n't watched the whole thing yet , but really ... I do n't know what to say . Juliet is really getting on my nerves ... Well you know she 's pretty and whatever . But that look on her face ... lost , innocent , wide eyed , sad IS NOT WORKING for me . And the nudity ... really . And the way that they have to kiss everytime they look at each other . These kids are ... well , kids . I do n't know , maybe I 'd of had to watch it some decades ago ... But they really ca n't act . Some of them are okay but I 'm not too impressed , sorry . That 's just my opinion .
 I could not find the 1968 movie in DVD anywhere else , but on Amazon . My old VHS was on its last pull . I love this movie and have watched it at different times since it was on the big screen 1968 . No other Romeo & Juliet can come close . I have the sound track as well . I would say , broaden your mind , purchase it , appreciate life .
 This was the absolute best production of Shakespeare 's Romeo & Juliet made to date . Hard to obtain from any other source . A truly cherished movie .
 I saw this movie when I was in high school with my girl friend and it was great . The girl is long gone but Shakespeare 's plays are wonderful and this is a fairly faithful performance . This is a great video for a collector of classic movies .
 It 's a good movie , I alway 's enjoyed watching it and it has a good ending of how much two people love each other
 This video was on our daughter 's Christmas list . Found it on Amazon , ordered it and it arrived in mint condition and in a timely manner . Would order from this dealer again !!!
 This is one of my all-time favorite movies . Nothing is hotter than seeing Romeo 's butt in the consummation scene . Immature as it may sounds it still makes me giddy , alright !? Hollywood can never outdo this classic , however hard they try .
 I 'm sorry I do n't have much of an opinion of the DVD itself , because I have not had time to view it . I just trust that it is ok . I kept renting one to show to my 9th grade English class while reading the drama and finally bought this one . The shipping was quick , the ordering was easy . Thanks for selling it !
 The item was in perfect condition and I received the product in less time then was quoted !! VERY SATISFIED !
 It was a very nice product and it is such a beautiful movie ... the company sent the product fast and secure ... thanx ... Rosalyn
 I 've seen this movie so many times and never get tired of watching it , again and again and again ... Believe it or not , one 's life is controled by Destiny . No matter how hard we try to fight against it , Destiny -LRB- or Fate -RRB- still conquers and decides our life ! Leonard Whiting and Olivia Hussey are like born to portray , respectively , Romeo and Juliet , the greatest couple blinded by the doomed word `` Love '' . Their love story is even enhanced by great music and marvelous costumes . This movie is true piece of arts !
 I first experienced this movie when it opened in the theaters while in my late-teens . I was in love with Love . I have never been the same . While Errol Flynn as Robin Hood inspires me to swashbuckling glory , and the two ` unknowns ' in Elvira Madigan bring tears to my eyes , when Olivia Hussey and Leonard Whiting as star-crossed lovers dance to the nightingale 's etherereal notes like entranced butterflies around a flame , I lose touch with the humdrum and my hollow heart finds brief refuge in their tender embrace . Now in my late-50s , as I wade through memories like a walker shuffling kneedeep through dead leaves , I realize how often I have heard the lark and how rarely the nightingale . I visited this site having rewoken that dream , like an ember briefly rekindled , by attending an opera of the same name two nights past ; witnessing a stout Romeo woo a semblance of Juliet , I am haunted by the faint song of their nightingale and ... ` never was a story of more woe than this of Juliet and her Romeo ' ... I am still in love with Love and this version of Shakespeare 's Romeo and Juliet is an exquisitely pure distillation of Love as I searched for it then in my youth - it has left for me the trace of a romantically tragic dewdrop on Memory 's windowpane ... through which , with eyes closed and heart open , I can almost perceive through the haze of time Olivia/Juliet 's beautiful countenance and clear eyes
 I purchased this DVD for my son , who was studying the play in school . He aced his test -- I think because the movie sparked his interest in the story and made it easier to understand the Shakespearean language .
 i LOVED this movie ! i watched it in my English class and LOVED it ! it was soo beautiful and i had to buy it because it was so awesome . you never get bored , it has stuff for everyone in it . whether you like Romance , Action , Humor ... it is all in there ! i really enjoyed it = -RSB-
 Franco Zeffirelli 's `` Romeo & Juliet '' is Shakespeare 's timeless classic was brought to the big screen with authenticity , excellent performances by the films leading cast -LRB- including Leonard Whiting , Olivia Hussey , Michael York , John McEnery , and Milo O'Shea -RRB- . The film won two Oscar awards -LRB- costume design and cinematography -RRB- and three Golden Globe awards -LRB- Best English-Language Foreign Film , Most Promising Female Newcomer - Olivia Hussey , Most Promising Male Newcomer - Leonard Whiting -RRB- . Nino Rota 's hauntingly beautiful score won no major awards , but will stick with you long after your tears dry from each viewing of the film.I confess that I often find William Shakespeare 's written language dense and incomprehensible . Had it not been for being introduced to a few of his plays in required literature courses , I probably would n't have even considered viewing this film . However , the engaging drama of this tale comes to life here with simplicity , style and great beauty . It won my heart with a single viewing many years ago upon the film 's initial release . First my VHS tape collection and now my DVD collection would not be complete without owning a copy of this film for repeated viewing at my leisure.I can not recommend this film highly enough . You will find yourself lost in the love of it every time you view it .
 You can even get a flash of Olivia Hussey 's breast in the bedroom scene if you look closely , and she was only 15 at the time of filming , so this version of the ancient play was controversial in its day . It has passion , style , great supporting actors , and is true to its source as well . While the more recent version with Leonardo DiCaprio has some good moments , too , this one is the high water mark of `` Romeo and Juliet '' on film . I will never forget seeing this at the base theater at Fort Knox , Kentucky , after spending a month in Vietnam , facing almost another year in the Army . When the movie ended , one soldier in front of me said to his buddy , `` They think they 've got troubles ? Try being in the damn Army ! '' Well , R and J did have life-ending troubles , but their falling in love , as instant as it was , achieves believability and really tugs at the hearts of the audience . This movie was a fine accomplishment , and its soundtrack album was also a big seller on LP in the late ' 60 's . That Shakespeare fellow did his writin ' before movies were invented , I think , yet his stuff adapts really well to the screen . For my taste , a Shakespeare movie almost always beats seeing his plays on stage .
 There have been many screen adaptations of Romeo and Juliet over the years . Some of them played by some of Hollywood 's top actors and actresses . There was even the Romeo and Juliet last done by Leonardo DiCaprio and Claire Danes , which to my mind is simply Romeo and Juliet on steroids.None of them have come close to matching the magic of Franco Zeffirelli 's screen adaptation . For the first time , he made sure to cast the two roles as close to the true ages of Romeo and Juliet as possible . During the time of filming , Olivia Hussey was 15 , and Leonard Whiting was 16 . He also made sure to keep the Shakespearean language intact . I mean , is it even possible to change Shakespeare 's words into something better ? It may be a challenge at first to understand the language , especially if you are not used to hearing it . I recommend that you watch it with the subtitles on , or if you want , get a copy of the play and follow it that way . It might makes things a little easier.It 's one thing to memorize Shakespearean lines in a play , but something else entirely to actually act them out . Consider this as you watch these two young actors not only succeed in both areas , but surpass all expectations . After watching this film , you might have a hard time thinking of anyone else to fill these roles.Most everyone probably knows the storyline of two star-crossed lovers who who share a forbidden love due to the on-going feuds of their two families who solve their problems with swords and brawls in the streets of Verona . How then is it possible for Romeo and Juliet to conceive of being together , let alone married ? How is the love of their respective children able to heal the rift of these two families?Perhaps , argueably , no other writer throughout history understood the power of unconditional love and is able to somehow give the reader at least an idea of what love is through words . Juliet 's infamous line captures the essence of Shakespeare 's understanding of love when she says , `` my bounty is as boundless as the sea . The more I give to thee , the more I have , for both are infinite . '' Shakespeare knew that true , unconditional love must be let go , or given , because the more you give , the more you actually have , for you can not give what you do not have.Aside from the abilities of Leonard Whiting and Olivia Hussey , I also have to recognize the talents of John McHenry as the loveable and poetic Mercutio . He is brilliant , and his fight in the streets with Tybalt is both humorous and tragic , especially when he 's trying to convince everyone that he 's been mortally wounded , but no one takes him seriously until his final fall from the steps of the building.Franco Zeffirelli is renowned for his film sets , and finding the perfect locations to shoot . Verona looks perfect , as if Zeffirelli pulled it straight from the mind of Shakespeare himself.Film critic Roger Ebert was actually in Italy and walking by during the shooting of the balcony scene . This has to be my favorite scene in the entire movie as Romeo and Juliet profess their unswerving love and feelings for each other.Granted that due to time , there are some scenes that are not in the film , but Zeffirelli takes what is crucial to keep the film and story moving . For example , Paris is more or less in the background , and the fight between he and Romeo is not in this adaptation . Nor is the scene where Romeo visits the Apothecary to get the vial of poison for himself.As with just about every successful film , you must have the music to capture the feelings and emotions for the audience , and Nino Rota 's score is one of the most famous and recognized in film history , as he uses his music to truly capture both the love and the tragedy of Romeo and Juliet . The film soundtrack on CD is nice because it contains the dialogue of the film to go with the music.This is truly a film classic . Some viewers may think that this version is n't as `` cool '' as the updated version , what with our actors running around in Renaissance Era tights , but then , tell me which other film version captures so eloquently what might arguably be Shakespeare 's most famous tragedy ? Romeo and Juliet has been adapted for film more than any other Shakespearean play . Perhaps this , alone , says why we are so drawn by this story , for as the narrator so perfectly expresses at the end , `` has there ever been a story of more woe , then this of Juliet and her Romeo . ''
 Out of all the movie adaptations , and age aside , this one is simply the best ! I have used at least three different movie adaptations of Shakespeare 's Romeo and Juliet , to help my students understand the complexities of language and plot within the play , and for some reason this one does the trick . There are a few differences and creative liberties taken within this adaptation , as with any of the other R & J movies . Yet the liberties taken take nothing away from the play 's overall theme . If you are looking to show this film to your students or child , be aware that there is a brief nude scene at the beginning of Act 3 Scene 4 .
 Faithful adaptation of the classic Shakespeare play ! Great costumes and atmosphere add to the story . An excellent cast show strong emotion and ability in their roles . An outstanding music score again adds to the movie . This is the best version of the Romeo and Juliet story , it is a must see . The actors make you feel the love and loss of theses two young lovers . Olivia Hussey is beutiful and charming as Juliet . You will watch this DVD again and again !!!
 WHAT A WONDERFUL MASTERPIECE . I LOVE THIS VERSION OF ROMEO AND JULIET THAT I HAVE EVER SEEN . I RECOMMEND THIS VIDEO TO ANYONE WHO LIKES W. SHAKESPEARE AND ROMEO AND JULIET . THIS IS A GREAT AND A MUST HAVE . THIS VIDEO HAS SUPERB ACTING AND GREAT DRAMA . THE ACTING IS WONDERFUL . I LIKE THIS VIDEO THE ACTING THE SETTING IS JUST WONDERFUL !!!!!
 This is the best version of romeo and juliet I ever saw . You really believed them as R and J . The movie was quite funny too . The whole cast is outstanding . Great work done by all .
 I saw this film approximately 20 times during my college years . Franco Zeffirelli 's production was revolutionary for 1967 , in using teenage actors for the tragic Romeo and Juliet , and his choices were perfection
 I was practically forced to see this movie in High School . When our English teacher announced that we would be watching Romeo & Juliet , the entire class sighed . About 30 seconds into the flick , Olivia Hussey graced us with her angelic presence . Sweet Lord in heaven I do n't think I 've EVER seen a more beautiful woman . My male counterparts were in awe . Unlike other sexy stars today who are actresses in their own mind & could n't win a certificate of completion in a sock puppet show ... Olivia Hussey was FANTASTIC . Let 's not cut the rest of the cast short . Zeffirelli took a big risk casting no names in the title rolls , but Whiting & Hussey had a chemistry that looked so damn believable it appeared more as a reality based docudrama than acting.It has been 12 years since I first saw the picture & it still mesmerizes me . I can not channel surf past this movie without watching it in its entirety . 1/2 way through , 10 minutes remaining ... it does n't matter . It may have something to do with the major crush that I STILL have on Olivia Hussey ... -LRB- God how old is she now ??? 51 ??? -RRB- Really though , the movie is fantastic . Give it a chance . If it is your first Shakespeare film , you will not be disappointed . If you 're a teeny bopper who was drawn into Baz Luhrmann version mainly due to Leonardo 's box office draw , Please see the real thing . I 'm not knocking Baz , but `` Aint nothing like the real thing baby . `` For never was a story of more woe . Than this of Juliet and her Romeo . -LRB- Not Decaprio -RRB- ; -RRB-
 Franco Zeffirelli 's Oscar winning 1968 Romeo And Juliet is a revolutionary masterpiece ! This is a flamboyant and very popular adaptation of the famous Shakespearean tragedy , in which actual teenagers play the leads . Two young lovers , who come from feuding families , desperately wish to stay together . They go to a gentle friar for help , and , in hopes their wedding will end the conflict , he comes up with an ingenious plot to unite them . However , when a miscommunication destroys their plans , they make a tragic decision - a decision that brings peace , but too late to help the lovers themselves.Olivia Hussey is the heartbreakingly beautiful , vulnerable , and courageous woman , who shines as sweet Juliet . Leonard Whiting 's poetic good looks , sensitivity , and cleverness , make his portrayal of young Romeo seem unparalleled . In addition , Michael York is outstanding as the feisty Tybalt , John McEnery is brilliant as lively punster Mercutio , and Milo O'Shea is absolutely wonderful as the ever so bright , Friar Lawrence.Zeffirelli 's career as an opera director is put to spectacular use here . Each scene is meticulously crafted to be an exact replica of the Renaissance with stunningly beautiful clothing , jewels , furniture , food , glass , and sculpture - it is an overwhelming feast for the eyes . The preserved medieval towns of Tuscany , and the lovely Borghese palace where the balcony scene is set , give the film the look of an animated Renaissance painting . Zeffirelli took some liberties with Shakespeare 's original script for the sake of brevity , but unless you are a die-hard purist , this is a minor flaw.The true shining star in this film is the delightful , Ms. Pat Heywood who steals the screen with each moment she graces it . She plays Juliet 's Nurse and does so with such power , whimsy , and conviction that you simply must love her . Pat Heywood gave the commonly droll Nurse character life and vibrancy I have yet to see in a performance of this play live of filmed . In either case , the characters in this film play extraordinary parts and they do it with such poignancy !
 Franco Zefirrelli 's 1967 film was revolutionary in using teenaged actors to play the two most famous lovers of all literature . Olivia Hussey is heartbreakingly beautiful , a vulnerable and courageous Juliet , while Leonard Whiting 's poetic good looks make him a sensitive and appealing Romeo . Zefirrelli 's career as an opera director is put to spectacular use here -- each scene is meticulously crafted to be an exact replica of the Renaissance . Stunningly beautiful clothing , jewels , furniture , food , glass , sculpture -- it is an overwhelming feast for the eyes . The preserved medieval towns of Tuscany , and the lovely Borghese palace where the balcony scene is set , give the film the look of an animated Renaissance painting . Zefirrelli took some liberties with Shakespeare 's original script for the sake of brevity , but unless you are a die-hard purist , this is a minor flaw . I saw this film a dozen times in the theater , and never without the sound of girls weeping by the end -- I was often one of them . Leslie Howard was a better actor , and Leonardo DiCaprio/Clare Danes more modern , but if you love beauty , this is THE quintessential Romeo and Juliet on film . END
 Like a lot of people my age , I first saw this as a 13 yr old student in the spring of ' 69 ... it had a huge influence on me then , one that has probably echoed through my life and my tastes in film -LRB- classics , Shakespeare , period movies , etc. -RRB- as I was at that very suggestable age.In all fairness , this movie is 36 years old and yes , the teen stars would be in their 50s by now . This means some aspects of the film are unavoidably dated ... how could n't they be ? It was intended to be a Romeo and Juliet for the hip baby boom teenagers of the 60s ! Visually , it exploited the similarity in `` hippie '' clothes and Beatle hairstyles to very real styles of the late 15th century , right down to the girls with their hair parted in the center and worn long and straight . -LRB- Check out ANY high school year book from the late sixties and early seventies ! -RRB- At the time it came out , this was a revolutionary and remarkable idea ; also casting real teenagers in the parts.Franco Zeffirelli originally produced this kind of a Romeo and Juliet on stage in ' 62 , casting Judy Dench -LRB- yes , the `` M '' from the newer Bond movies ... she was a young hottie 40 years ago -RRB- , and using the same kind of pseudo real Renaissance setting . This '68 film followed his highly successful version of Taming of the Shrew with Elizabeth Taylor and Richard Burton.The costumes and location filming in R&J ; are still gorgeous and hold up very well . Few movies set in this Renaissance period even today are so accurate . Danilo Donati 's costumes are just amazingly beautiful . -LRB- A whole generation of brides were married in high-wasted dresses after seeing this . -RRB- Nino Rota 's musical score is lush and beautiful , slightly resembling his score for the Godfather . You still catch the theme from R&J ; on the radio sometimes -LRB- or in elevators -RRB- ; it 's the ultimate in romatic scores.Olivia Hussey , 16 at the time of filming , is radiantly beautiful and has a wonderful , husky voice . She does a remarkable job despite her youth and lack of acting experience . I think she has influenced the way Juliet 's have been cast and acted for the last 30 + years -- even Baz Luhrman has obviously seen and been affected by her . There is a BBC version of the play in which the actress virtually mimicks her line readings . Sadly , I think she was typecast from this role and never went anywhere careerwise . The last things I saw her in were pathetic horror films , like Pscho 4 . I do n't think Hollywood knew what to do with her lush , delicate beauty.Leonard Whiting is much less successful . Franco Zeffirelli is gay , and his intepretation of Romeo is clearly meant to be homosexual or at least bisexual . Leonard Whiting was a handsome , but slightly effeminate boy and he 's not got nearly the grasp of the material or the acting ability of Olivia Hussey -- they seem mismatched . There is a subplot interpretation of Mercutio as having some kind of sexual attraction or relationship with Romeo . It is interesting , but unbalances the story a bit . -LRB- I did n't notice this when I was a teen , but as an adult viewing the film it is absolutely glaringly obvious . -RRB- I notice a lot of debate as to whether THIS or the Baz Luhrman film of '96 is the definitive version ... I think that 's stupid . Shakespeare has been around a long time . This is his most produced play . There is room for LOTS of difference interpretations . I have seen many others on the stage . And there will be billions more in the future . I like Baz Luhrman 's version , although I think his creative inventiveness -LRB- which is wonderful -RRB- flys out of control by the end of the film ; however it 's good and interesting , a visionary treatment and it 's very worthwhile to view BOTH of these films to get a sense of what it is to try and film Shakespeare.Zeffirelli 's version offers a very pared down script , lots of authentic looking visuals and very exciting and well-staged fight sequences ; plus gorgeous costumes and music . Olivia Hussey 's Juliet is absolutely a classic , moving interpretation that I have never seen performed better on stage or in film.In short -- anyone who loves Shakespeare , or Romeo and Juliet , or lush period flicks , will totally be absorbed in this beautiful film . It 's also a wonderful , easy-to-take , never-boring , introduction to Shakespeare and from there , his other works . Would I have become a Shakespeare buff at such an early age without having been introduced to the material this way ? I doubt it !
 I first watched this movie as a college freshman in 1969 . I first watched this movie with a young woman who was friend of mine at the time . I wo n't give the movie all the credit , but 3 years later we were married . This a beautifully done movie , with a great sound track . A wonderful introduction to Shakespeare . My wife used it for years to teach Shakespeare to her HS English/Lit students . Watched it again recently by myself as my wife is no longer with us , the movie and the memories of watching with her as 18 year old kids brought tears to my eyes . Highly recommended .
 While this movie has been around a long time , it also has a timeless theme that will never be outdated . New versions of attempts at making this movie have failed as this version was so well thought out , amazing mixture of photography and wonderful music and then of course there always is Olivia Hussey . She made the movie the classic it is , with her stunning beauty and innocent looks and actions , yet she put all her feelings into the movie and is totally beleivable in all scenes . I well remember the chill that went down my spine when I first saw her and her superb acting and one of the two climaxs of the movie when she and Romeo first meet at the dance and of course the famous balcony scene which is one scene I can replay in my head at any time and remember the magic of it . I can not think how many times I have seen this DVD , but it is one that I will never grow tired of . I wish I had the proper words to explain the impact of this great movie , but it is one that you must experience on your own.Tedd Riggs
 We are currently reading R+J in my English Lit class . We were given the chance to view two films
 As far as I know , Zefferelli has maybe one badly reviewed film to his name
 Franco Zeffirelli 's version of `` Romeo and Juliet '' is a timeless classic for its staging , genuine costume scenery and dialogue . A burden for most directors is taking on the task of a classic using great detail without diluting the authenticity of the play . Zeffirelli is able to accomplish this by letting the words of Shakespeare affirm the impact of the film and not overriding too much of the tradition of the story.The exceptional directing exhibited within the film comes from creating a Shakespeare play and portraying it how it was meant to be seen . For instance , Romeo waiting in a moon-lit , shadowy , backdrop and seeing Juliet from afar as she begins her famous `` balcony scene '' soliloquy -LRB- `` O Romeo , Romeo . Wherefore art thou Romeo ? '' -RRB- demonstrates the serious intent of keeping this genuinely Shakespeare . As the scene progresses , we understand the burden placed on the `` star-crossed '' lovers who have begun an untimely and ill-conceived love affair.Another positive is the superb job of casting actors . Leonard Whiting -LRB- Romeo -RRB- and Olivia Hussey -LRB- Juliet -RRB- not only have the appropriate look and age of the play 's two main characters , but both personify the quality of `` innocent young love . '' They seem to affirm the credibility of two ill-fated teens from opposing households who are caught between love for one another and the hatred between families . Other notables are Tybalt , as the hot-headed Capulet , Benvolio , as peacemaker , and Mercutio -LRB- who delivers a great Queen Mab speech -RRB- , as the witty and funny friend of Romeo.The most paramount moments of the play are left in the film . These include
 Italian director Franco Zeffirelli -LRB- ` Hamlet ' -RRB- stunned the world when he cast two young unknowns -LRB- Leonard Whiting and Olivia Hussey -RRB- to portray the star crossed lovers in ` Romeo and Juliet ' , but it was a gamble that resulted in one of the most popular motion pictures of our time , winning international acclaim and two Academy Awards . Shakespeare 's classic romance comes to stunning visual life in a modern , young person 's interpretation , bringing new vitality and a fresh insight to the most durable love story ever written.And it is far better than the 1996 R & J remake -LRB- starring Leonardo Dicaprio and Claire Danes -RRB- .
 I was so excited when I did a search for this movie and found it on DVD . This is a must see for all ages . Any true fan of Shakespear knows this is the best movie version of R&J , DeCaprio just does n't cut it as Romeo . So glad to see it on DVD and now to own it .
 Romeo and Juliet -LRB- 1968 -RRB- is by far the best movie i have ever seen . Leonard and Olivia make the best R&J ! I remember watching it when i was really young -LRB- i am now 15 -RRB- and loving it ! its just the greatest ! My hat 's off to Zefferelli , he has truly made a masterpeice come to life .
 Watching this as part of a highschool assignment , the teacher only allowed us to watch about 15 minutes of it . When I saw it playing on cable , I sat down to finish it . This , I must say , is the best version of Romeo and Juliet . In the '68 version The actors are young and even though it was made in ' 68 , you can relate to them in this day . The acting is superb , no one better could have been picked for the parts . It was a real tearjerker . Not to mention the soundtrack ... the songs were just amazing to hear . Just watch the movie once , you 'll fall in love with it .
 I could watch this version of Romeo and Juliet over , and over , and over . The performances are dead on , especially John McEnry 's turn as Mercutio -LRB- you understand the reason why he 's killed off
 It is written somewhere , possibly Homer or Plato , -LRB- possibly Oscar Wilde -RRB- that Poets are in-love with love , that is to say , the `` Ideal of LOVE '' ... because the truly moving love poems , plays and stories that have been penned over the last 500 years , have something in common
 My sister was a teenager when this movie was made , I was pre-elementary , but I remember the impact it had on her generation . As my own daughter approaches high school and the reading of this work , I found this to be the most closely authentic portrayal , in both language and setting . The mood of this film transports the viewer back hundreds of years , allowing you to bask in the poetic discourse of how we imagine Shakespeare 's days . Olivia Hussey and Leonard Whiting are still as attractive and suited for the roles of the passionate pair ; my daughter thought Whiting was as hunky as her generation 's beau , Zac Efron .
 Franco Zeffirelli really did a great job ! The props and costumes look fabulous and real ! He transports you back in time and it feels like you actually know the characters ! Franco chose well when he chose his cast for Romeo and Juliet . Although Juliet weeps a lot , it is still a good movie !
 A wonderful film ! Michael York , John MaCenery , Leonard Whiting and Olivia Hussey are very good actors . One of the best romantic films !
 if you are a romantic ... you will be spell-bound , quite literally enchanted by this film . i just love Franco-Zeferelli 's work . its a painting by one of the great masters . my favourite director . -LRB- can someone bring out his complete ` Jesus of Nazareth ' on DVD . please ! -RRB- , love , snow-flake . xxx
 The only reason I gave this 5 stars is there is no provision for 6 .
 My favorite version of this oft-filmed classic is Zeffirelli 's Oscar-nominated version . Starring two unknowns in the title roles -LRB- 17-year-old Whiting and 15-year-old Hussey -RRB- , the movie remains true to Shakespeare , while making the language more accessible to modern audiences . Both Michael York -LRB- as Romeo 's nemesis , Tybalt -RRB- and Milo O'Shea -LRB- as Mercutio -RRB- lend strong support , while Zeffirelli 's unabashed romanticism is enhanced by magnificent period detail and a sweeping score from Nino Rota . The story of youthful rebellion also spoke to basic issues arising in the restive sixties . A top-notch rendering of an eternal classic .
 Far and above the best rendering of this particular Shakespeare play I have ever seen . It retains the flavor of the play as it was written , while placing it in an `` off-stage '' setting . I would recommend this for anyone who prefers a traditional performance of Shakespeare insread of the modernized , `` fluff '' to appeal to modern audiences .
 Italian director Franco Zeffirelli did an outstanding job of bringing Shakespeare 's romantic tale to life . It is THE definitive version of Romeo & Juliet , in my opinion . The fact that the actors were so close to the age of the star crossed lovers adds realism and freshness to the story.Shakespeare 's words flow so naturally that you forget that it is a classic play and just get lost in the story . The cinematography is beautifully done and the wonderful customes are a treat for the eyes!You will enjoy this movie ... again , and again ... I highly recommend it !
 As a high school English teacher , I show this film every year to my students and they love it . Some even love it more than the Luhrmann version in 1996 . What is so helpful is that now it 's on DVD-rather than VHS-I no longer have to fast forward and rewind to get to the right part . Plus the wide-screen layout gives more of the picture and the beautiful Verona scenery ! This is a must for any English teacher or Shakespeare lover !
 The scenery , cinematography , and music all serve the story so well . If one is a little bothered by the fact the first part of the film is slow paced then be patient for the pace and drama appropriately intensify toward the middle of the film . The relatively unknown actors are perfect in their roles - even the minor characters are excellent and add so much to the overall effectiveness of the drama . I highly recommend seeing this one .
 The best ever movie of Romeo & Juliet . No doubt !
 While I respect the tragedy of `` Romeo and Juliet , '' I always thought it was a little overrated . -LRB- Especially when compared to Shakespeare 's `` Julius Caesar , '' `` Hamlet , '' `` Macbeth , '' `` King Lear , '' and even `` Coriolanus . '' -RRB- But whatever my feelings toward the play itself are , there is no question that Director Franco Zeffirelli made the absolute most of this play . -LRB- As he did with his `` Taming of the Shrew , '' `` Jesus of Nazareth , '' and `` Hamlet '' as well ! -RRB- In the event you have not read the play , this story revolves around 2 lovers . -LRB- Romeo and Juliet -RRB- They are of different factions , Romeo being a Montague and Juliet a Capulet . These different factions have been feuding for sometime , and while the feud has its final stronghold -LRB- Juliet 's cousin Tybalt -RRB- , it is clear that the feud is dying . -LRB- An obvious example is when Romeo crashes the Capulet party and Juliet 's father tolerates his presence and even speaks quite well of him ! -RRB- Isaac Asimov points out that while Tybalt seems to be trying to keep the feud alive , Romeo may have asked his father to negotiate with Capulet and possibly even arrage the marriage between Romeo and Juliet to the benefit of all . BUT , Romeo is a romantic and not a rationalist ! This is underlined when Romeo talks of dreams , and his eccentric -LRB- but highly intelligent -RRB- friend Mercutio points out that dreams are just unconscious thoughts . Well , as most of you know , Friar Laurence comes to the aid of Romeo and Juliet , and all is happy . -LRB- For a moment -RRB- A duel that starts almost as a joke with Tybalt and Mercutio ends in disaster , and Romeo gets banished . From here , things get worse and even the benevolent Friar Laurence chooses a possible solution that has uncertain results . And being that this play is a tragedy , the end is far from happy . As usual , Franco Zeffirelli 's scenery is beautiful . He also adds wonderful music and dancing . The scenes of violence are done with taste , and emphasize that violence IS a disturbing thing . Hussey brings beauty and dignity to Juliet . Leonard Whiting is a convincing Romeo . John McEnery handles the difficult role of Mercutio well . Michael York brings a fierce energy to the feud 's final stronghold Tybalt . If you like this , be sure to see Michael York as Lucentio in Franco Zeffirelli 's `` Taming of the Shrew . '' Michael York worked with Franco Zeffirelli yet another time in `` Jesus of Nazareth . '' -LRB- He was John the Baptist . -RRB- Olivia Hussey would also rejoin Michael York and Franco Zeffirelli in `` Jesus of Nazareth . '' She would be none other than Mother Mary . I 'll finish by saying that even if this play by Shakespeare is overrated , Franco Zeffirelli did a great job with it . If you like this , do check out Franco Zeffirelli 's `` Taming of the Shrew , '' `` Jesus of Nazareth , '' and `` Hamlet . ''
 I first saw this film in eighth grade for an English assignment , and now nearly 20 something years later it is still powerful . The movie is beautifully filmed , the actors are each perfect for the roles and the costumes are gorgeaus . The spirit of the film , of youthful passion is felt and the two lead actors-Leonard Whitting and Olivia Hussey portray that effortlessly . Even though the film is 37 years old today it still grabs your attention and leaves you rapt in emotion - exhilaration , adoration , passion , sadness , disbelief , and finally regretful grief . The director has made a classic that transcends time because he makes us see what the characters feel .
 My favorite play by The Bard , Olivia Hussey is a beautiful Juliet . She comes across so innocent and demure that you ca n't help but love her . Len Whiting as Romeo is wonderful as well , between the two you just hope and pray that the story will have a happy ending even though you know it will not.Don ' t waste your time on William Shakespeare 's Romeo & Juliet -LRB- the one with Clare Dane and Leo DeCaprio -RRB- that is the worst depection of this classic love story ever written . Stick with this beautiful tale of love and tragedy , you wo n't be sorry
 I first saw this version in junior high , and then watched the Baz Luhrman film right afterwards . Then , thanks to Netflix , I decided to take a trip down memory lane . I fell hopelessly in love with this film ! Shakespeare has always captured us with his complex dialogue , memorable characters that have stood flawless before time . The costumes , setting , dialogue , the actors ... everything in this film puts most of the current so-called romance films to shame!Olivia Hussey and Leonard Whiting -LRB- oh dear lord , have mercy ! -RRB- really bring these characters to life in their scenes together . The chemistry they have when they first meet to the tragic climax is unmatched by most films today . Leonard Whiting is the best Romeo I 've seen , while DiCaprio is a close second . Both were the appropriate age to capture the innocence , vulnerability and passion in the characters Shakespeare had designed . Ms. Pat Heywood still steals her scenes as the nurse -LRB- the one in the DiCaprio version is awful in my opinion ... -RRB- , just hilarious ! The swordfight between Mercutio and Tybalt , as well as Romeo vs. Tybalt are really engaging . Men knew how to really make fight scenes come alive back in the day . I still wish they did n't have to die in the end , but that 's what attracts us to this story . Two people fall in love , but with love can come tragedy ... Forever one of my favorite films !
 XXXXX `` Two Households , both alike in dignity , In fair Verona , where we lay our scene , From ancient grudge break to new mutiny , Where civil blood makes civil hands unclean.From forth the fatal loins of these two foes , A pair of star-crossed lovers take their life ; Whose misadventured piteous overflowsDo with their death bury their parents ' strife . `` The above comes from the prologue of this fabulous film , directed by the great Franco Zeffirelli.This is a British-Italian adaptation of William Shakespeare 's -LRB- 1564 to 1616 -RRB- play of the same name -LRB- written circa 1595 -RRB- . The play is Shakespeare 's only romantic tragedy.This movie , set in the fifteenth century renaissance period , follows Shakespeare 's plotline fully , and retains much of his dialogue but some small details have been changed . Certain scenes and dialogue from the play were omitted . They had to be or this movie would have been much too long.The chemistry between the fifteen-year old Olivia Hussey -LRB- who plays Juliet Capulet -RRB- and the seventeen-year-old Leonard Whiting -LRB- who plays Romeo Montague , a part originally to be played by Paul McCartney -RRB- captures the essence of Shakespeare 's play , which is about youth , desire , & death and captures the exhilaration of first love . -LRB- Indeed , it was teens , not Shakespeare fanatics , who made this the most financially successful Shakespearean film ever made at that time . -RRB- Both Hussey and Whiting act their parts with an awkward grace.Sir Laurence Olivier spoke this film 's prologue and epilogue . -LRB- The written play actually has no epilogue . -RRB- Look for a young Michael York in an important role.The lavishly beautiful sets and costumes turn this film into a Renaissance painting -LRB- especially on DVD -RRB- , and it 's so sensuous that it seems you can almost smell the fruit in the Veronese marketplace . In fact , this movie won Academy Awards for `` Best Cinematography '' and `` Best Costume Design . '' -LRB- Note that on the back of this particular movie 's DVD case , it says it received `` four Academy Award nominations . '' This is not correct . It actually won two Academy Awards in the categories indicated above and was nominated for `` Best Picture '' and `` Best Director . '' -RRB- The background music is beautiful and adds to each scene . Note that the lyrics to this music was not written by Shakespeare.This movie was filmed at various locations in Rome.Finally , the DVD -LRB- the one released in 2000 -RRB- is perfect in picture and audio quality . It has one extra.In conclusion , this movie of the `` star-crossed lovers '' is most worthy to be included in William Shakespeare 's cinematic canon . I leave you with a question Juliet asks in this movie : `` O Romeo , Romeo ! wherefore art thou Romeo ? '' -LRB- 1968 ; 2 hr , 20 min ; wide screen ; 18 scenes -RRB- < < Stephen Pletko , London , Ontario , Canada >> XXXXX
 I have always loved the play , Romeo & Juliet . This has got to be the Best or one of the best portrayals of a Play by William Shakespeare . You are totally drawn into the action and emotions of Shakespeare 's story . Some of Shakespeare 's words and ideas are strange to our thinking , but the actors do a good job saying the lines in a believable smoothness and yet helping you to understand the ideas and frames of mind of the speakers . Shakespeare always had a sharp and lively wit . Enjoy the movie , it really is a very good one .
 Perfect story -LRB- Shakespeare -RRB- , perfect directing -LRB- Zeffirelli -RRB- , beautiful actors -LRB- Hussey , Whiting -RRB- . . a near perfect film.Interestingly not exactly tied to the play -LRB- Romeo does not kill Paris in the film as he does in the play -RRB- . Zeffirelli had Hussey in mind all along for Juliet but Whiting had to beat out 300 other actors to get his part .
 This is one of the finest performances of Romeo and Juliet on film . These youthful actors embody the spirit of Shakespeare 's young lovers !
 The DVD was of high grade and quality . The color , picture and sound were of high quality as well .
 I first saw this movie when I was just a teen , but have loved it for years.Its a classic love story -LRB- Shakespeare -RRB- movie and I think everyone should see it . It brings William Shakespeares play to life and stands the test of time . Keep tissues handy , its a tear jerker . My 15 year old son is studying it in high school and the movie made it come to life for him and he got an A on his test!I give it 5 stars !
 I received the movie within 7 business days ... thank you for your wonderful service . I think the movie was mailed out the same day or the day after I ordered it ... the movie was in good condition -- excellent service !!!
 I saw this when it came out in the movies when I was in high school . It 's still my favorite version . Its beautifully done .
 Generally faithful to Shakespeare 's text , this video makes the story come alive for modern viewers , especially English students who have never seen the play performed .
 I first saw Romeo and Juliet when it originally came out in `` 68 '' I was 9 , Now my 15 yr . old daughter is learning about Shakespere in high school and talked about Romeo and Juliet so I got the idea to order this for her -LRB- and me -RRB- she loves it ...
 This is a movie with virtually no flaws -- the casting is superb , the story is , of course , classic , and the settings are beautifully rustic . Even the music is perfect .
 As your average , `` You WILL be watcing Romeo & Juliet ! '' highschool student , I 've hated every other production of this story.I really liked this one becuase the stars were actually the right age for their parts -LRB- a 30 year old Juliet and Romeo in a midlife crisis are really hard to believe as teenagers -RRB- , the lines were easier to follow for some reason , and all the boring and pointless parts to the original story have been cut . All that is left is a beautifully told , wonderfully directed Romeo And Juliet that lets you get the full impact of Shakespeare 's original without all the boredom and the `` What did he just say 's or `` What 's going on ? `` Long story short , loved the movie and hope , really hope , that teachers will stop showing the same drab theater production they 've been using for decades and switch to this one . Trust me , teachers , your class will love you for it .
 THE MOST BEAUTIFUL VERSION OF SUCH A LOVE/HATE MOVIE ... TWO BEAUTIFUL PEOPLE PLAYING THE PARTS ... COULDNT DO BETTER . . OLIVIA . . SO GORGEOUS AND LEONARD ... SO HANDSOME !!!!!!!!!!! THE MORAL ... HATE KILLS ... LOVE PREVAILS
 This product was delivered in great condition . I have had no problems with the disk itself at all . Great movie .
 I picked up this movie not too long ago after not seeing it in 25 or so years . The first time I ever saw it was sometime in junior high school . To say that junior high school kids are not mature enough for this kind of material is an understatement . And yet , it was almost at a perfect age to introduce this to us . I remember the constant talking during the showing of the movie and some laughter at the moments of overdramatics here and there , but , it was almost a surreal experience . The antiquated language , the clothes , the silly actions here and there . And yet , one did not realize how timeless these things are - love , hate , war , murder , sadness , enemies . It 's all here . And what better way than to show us how ridiculous our human foibles are than to show us how wrong we were by a tragic , sad story such as two enemy families whose children happen to meet and fall in love ? Seems like such a ridiculous thing , and yet so simple , and yet so tragic . This was captured so well , so innocently by the young Olivia Hussey and Leonard Whiting -LRB- who looks exactly like Zack Effron in those days in case no one has noticed yet -RRB- , and the rest of the cast . The dominering fathers , the nervous yet angry mothers , and the nurse and friar who act as their adults they turn to in need.The music is wonderful , it makes you cry right along with it . You can feel the pain , feel the anguish and despair , and the hope surrounding two innocents . Because love should be something beautiful , should be something innocent , without the contraints and complications of the adult world coming in and making it so horrible . Made me cry all over again .
 A perfect film version of Romeo and Juilet that sparkles with lavish sets and beautiful music and two wide eyed lovers that have the perfect passion that only comes from youth . A shame it is out of print when A Letter To Juilet is in the theaters which is just as beautiful a film showing the opposite end of love and passion in the golden years . They make a perfect pair of films with a related theam !
 Bought this film for a friend and one rainy day several of us got together to watch it , both male and female , all over 60 years old ... this was a good film to watch even knowing how the story ends . I was surprised that it was played exactly as the play ... the way Shakespeare wrote it ... old English I guess ... was a little hard to understand what they were saying but you got the gist . It was a sweet story that is so well known they could be speaking any language and you would be able to follow the story . I 'd maybe even call it a ` chick flick ' !
 I saw this movie at the end of my senior year in high school . I was pleased and relieved at how well it held up over the ensuing years . It was a Valentine treat for my sweetie and me and we enjoyed it muchly . Loved Len Whiting 's butt !
 This was a coming of age film for me . I have always thought it was a perfect example of true love in a time that is not so different than ours . The Old English language is a little difficult to get used to . Give this film a chance . The best version to share with young people .
 This is a great movie about the power of culture & family trampling young love & devotion . The spoken language may be hard to follow but it is not impossible & is well worth the trouble . You must concentrate throughout this show.The story line is simple & easy to follow you never wonder why someone dislikes the other or why someone likes the other . The main & supporting cast members have readily identifiable personalities & their interplay with each other is moving . This show contains the most touching display of a young couple on the morning of their honeymoon that has ever been filmed & is not to be missed.If you 're unfamiliar with the story you may be surprised at the outcome . In any case the self condemnation of the Prince was for me far more powerful than the earned sadness of the two families . He learned a mighty & heartbreaking lesson here & I 'm sure became a better ruler for it . Not so sure of the families.I find it strange that all Shakespeare maven 's want to talk about is their outlook on Shakespeare . How about the people that do n't know Shakespeare , but want to see a good movie ? Might they not begin their love of Shakespeare here had you not panned the show by substituting you beliefs over the movies contents ? GEE !
 I only have one thing to say . This movie shows what true love really is .
 As a teacher of Romeo and Juliet , this version stays pretty close to the original . There are some parts that are left out , but most students do not notice those . They are more likely to notice the `` skin scenes '' of Romeo and Juliet 's wedding night than the comic relief that has been excluded . While the Luhrmann version always hits closer to home , this one is good ancillary material for more reluctant readers , or those struggling to find a theme in the pages of something supposed to be watched .
 This is an excellent movie . This version of the famous storie could be the best version available . Utterably enjoyable !
 This version is by far the best one I 've seen . The acting is great , the set is superb , the music is wonderful , I could go on all day . This is a video to be veiwed only if you have a box of tissues within half an arm 's reach , especially if you 're like me . -LRB- I was tearing from the balcony scene all the way to the ending credits ! -RRB- One part made me laugh , though . At one point , Juliet is kneeling on the floor crying next to the nurse . She then falls over and out of camera veiw . All you hear is '' * flop * WAAAHHHH ! '' Ok , what I 'm trying to say is this
 This Romeo and Juliet is my favorite out of all the movies made from the play . Its age makes the time period seem more realistic and believable . The actors are great and really brings Shakespeare 's play to life .
 This is without a doubt the best filmed Romeo and Juliet ever . It was a stroke of genius casting the roles of the leads with actors of approximate age of the Shakespeare characters . And did they shine . Juliet was the sun . Although that line was clipped from movie version . I believed Romeo was taken with his amour Juliet so much he would die for her . Tears were streaming down my cheeks in the last scene . The last time I had seen this movie was 1968 . This was my second viewing and it is was as beautiful as the first time I saw it . One thing that surprised me was the nudity . I do n't remember seeing it the first time around . Probably censored . Okay that 's it . See it and enjoy.Palmer
 Great ! I enjoyed this movie when I was much younger and enjoyed it again now . Pleasure doing business . Thanks !
 I remember when this movie first came out , all the high school kids who hated Shakespeare flocked to the theater and had their eyes and their minds and their hearts opened in a new way . The photography is incredible . This movie is a ` must see ' by everyone . I just purchased it so I can watch it again with my 13-year-old granddaughter , who is already a Shakespeare fan .
 This is a wonderful movie depicting the greatest love story of all time . By using teenage actors , Leonard Whiting & the beautiful Olivia Hussey , Franco Zefferelli made this Shakespereian tragedy timeless . The dialogue is superb along with Nino Rota 's fantastic score . I remember standing on line with my very pregnant wife waiting to see this film in June of 1969 . Anyone who has ever been in love will appreciate this film .
 I choose this version of Romeo and Juliet to use when introducing reluctant freshmen to Shakespeare . It is `` old '' enough that the cinematography and scenery does not distract from the play itself . I do not use the film in its entirety as there are many inconsistencies with the original play , but my students enjoy the pieces they do see .
 I purchase this video for my Shakespeare class and enjoyed it so much I kept it . Its a classic - you ca n't go wrong ...
 Zefferelli has brought this classic love story by Shakespeare to the screen . He makes it so simple , the language , and highlights this with an exeptional cast . With Olivia Hussey and Leonard Whiting , both young newcomers at the time , in the leads , you become entranced with their love story and conflicts . This is Shakepseare at it 's best . Although Henry V , Othello and Hamlet were all good films , this one is breathtaking to watch . Zefferelli followed this with Burton and Taylor in The Taming of the Shrew , also excellent . Hats off to Zefferelli .
 Just as I remembered this movie as a youth - awesome story - movie is true to the original Shakespere writing . Great teaching tool . Love it !
 This is one of the best films ever produced . It truly captures the amazing literature of the great William Shakespeare . The movie is worth viewing and the actors play their parts very accurately and wonderfully .
 Shakespeare is hard for any student to grasp - especially while reading it out of a textbook . These plays were meant to be seen and heard ! This classic version of Romeo and Juliet is fairly accurate to the play , and aside from a little nudity after Romeo and Juliet consummate their marriage , perfectly appropriate for the classroom . I like to show clips of the Romeo and Juliet staring Leonardo and Claire for a little compare/contrast . For the most part , students prefer this more traditional portrayal .
 Watched this while a senior in high school . One of my all time favorites . Ca n't say enough things about customes and acting in this one . Get it .
 Arrived in a few days . Whats not to love about this classic tale of love ? The actors portray their characters perfectly .
 This is the definitive film for Romeo and Juliet . No other version comes close to capturing the essence of Shakespeare 's play -LRB- I am an English teacher and this is the version I show my classes -RRB- . Even Shakespeare would be impressed !
 PLEASE remaster for `` BLU RAY '' , PLEASE !!! This is a classic definitive version . Accessible to allaudiences !!! It 's a must for a high def treatment !
 Such beautiful movie at such good price . Only at Amazon . It 's unforgetable experience to have this great movie.Even time passing , it still so beautiful !
 Ahhhh to remember the days of my youth , when summer was carefree and blissful . We must have seen this movie 15 times that summer . So surprised that my daughter who is 15 was watching this version in her English class this past year ... I received the video quickly and it is in perfect shape . Bringing back all those memories when my daughter and I watched it together !
 I 've been looking for this movie . I saw it when I was a teenager and wanted my daughter to see it . It 's not always easy to follow the dialog , but it 's such a great romance . The movie was wonderfully done .
 I used portions of it to teach my 8th grade English class . Worked well , the students were able to compare & contrast it with the with the written novel .
 I 've loved this movie since I was a little girl . Definitely worth the time and money if you are a fan of the play .
 This movie never disappoints . It is classic , well done and the music is great.Leonard Whiting and Olivia Hussey are Romeo and Juliet .
 I saw this when I was about 12 or 13 in school for English literature class . I was so moved and touched by it 's beauty and the loveliness of the main actors . I have never seen it again despite looking for it . so , when I saw it was for sale I had to own it to show it to my son who is approaching 12 years now .
 Romeo and Juliet -LRB- Franco Zeffirelli , 1968 -RRB- Zeffirelli 's Romeo and Juliet has long been considered the definitive film adaptation of Shakespeare 's play , and is considered by a number of critics one of the thousand best films ever made . It took two Oscars , for cinematography and costume design -LRB- both well deserved -RRB- , and was also nominated for both Best Picture and Best Director . Despite cutting the play to less than two and a half hours -LRB- and making some risky decisions therein , most famously cutting a great deal of the '' ... it is the east , and Juliet is the sun ... '' monologue -RRB- , Zeffirelli captured , at least in my opinion , most of what Shakespeare was on about here . Another risky move was casting two young , untried actors in the lead roles , Leonard Whiting -LRB- whose career in film was surprisingly brief , after which he went back to live theater -RRB- and Olivia Hussey -LRB- who is , of course , still in the midst of a long and busy film career -RRB- . They 're backed up by a number of other young and equally talented actors who have since gone on to remarkable film careers , most notably Michael York -LRB- Tybalt -RRB- and John McEnery -LRB- Mercutio -RRB- . The acting here is sublime ; there 's nothing else to be said about it . The passion and the pageantry are exquisitely depicted , albeit in a more subdued manner than in Baz Luhrmann 's more recent film version -LRB- which , unlike most admirers of this film , I am also quite fond of -RRB- . As an introduction to Shakespearean drama , I 'm not sure there 's anything to rival this . Wonderful . ****
 Hollywood was at it 's best when this was produced . Earlier productions missed the mark with finding the essence of the message but this production found the mark and was completely on target with it . Even though it took liberty , as visual arts is welcomed to do , and changed a few minor details from the original Shakespeare script , it did so in order to reach it 's mark . Romeo 's mother did not die of grief in the movie , Paris was omitted from the death scene in Act V , and a couple of minor scenes like Friar Lawerence 's comparison of plants and human behavior having the ability to result in things good as well as things not good were left out . The search for and obtaining the death drug by Romeo was also omitted . But who would know the difference ? It was a great movie of a great classic . Recent attempts from Hollywood to retell the story have failed to reach this production 's high achievement . Recommendation : After seeing this movie the next must see production would be `` Shakespeare In Love '' .
 This movie is excellent . I always wanted to own it on DVD . One would think it would be another mediocre movie of legendary Shakespeare , but this was absolutely not . Everything in this film is just gorgeous ; the actors , dialogue , and most of all , the scenery . The film is surprisingly not mundane but keeps you highly entertained . And the acting is so amazing , it is just Oscar worthy .
 never saw two actors more beautiful and talented than Olivia and Leonard in this difficult script ... costuming was perfect , the direction by Zifrelli was superb for the time but sound was imperfect and too many inter cuts to make it suitable for todays audiences but I saw it first run and have read the play many many times and saw a hard selection of scenes to portray in a short film ... I compare to Baz 's edition and still prefer this version as I cop to a sentimental experience . . my apologies ... the balcony scene still seems sooooo real , I am sure our dear boy was ready and willing and it shows in his face ... oh happy dagger is much more acceptable than a gunshot to the head and thus more palatable ... I want to thank those who made this film possible as it created such a desire for this kind of love in my life ... what a wondrous feeling to have sooo deep inside and think it could happen and it did ... my humblest of gratitudes for instilling this at age 12 !!
 The 1968 movie version of Romeo and Juliet is great with its fine acting and realistic sets . Leonard Whiting and Olivia Hussey , who were teenagers when this film was made back in 1968 , were perhaps the best actors to ever play the roles of Romeo and Juliet . Shakespeare could never have dreamed of how accurately a play could be represented without the limitations of the stage . Plus the soundtrack music is so moving and contributes much to the tragic atmosphere of the story . The CD with just the music from the soundtrack is available here at Amazon and is also well worth getting . It 's a fine companion to a great film .
 No film version of Shakespeare 's famous play will ever top Franco Zeffirelli 's production of ROMEO & JULIET . The scenery , settings , Nino Rota 's musical score , supporting cast , costumes , and action scenes are wonderful . At last the lead characters were played by people of the correct ages ... just a bit older than those in Shakespeare 's play . Olivia Hussey -LRB- age 16 -RRB- gives a magical performance as Juliet . LEONARD WHITING -LRB- age 17 -RRB- by a wide , wide margin steals the show with his performance as Romeo . Delivery of his lines , his looks , performance in action scenes , acting ability -LRB- role required a wide range of emotions -RRB- , facial expressions , and everything about his performance is absolute perfection . LEONARD WHITING owns the role of Romeo . The film should have won the 1968 academy award for picture of the year . LEONARD WHITING should have been nominated and should have won the 1968 academy award for actor of the year . No other performance -LRB- male or female -RRB- in any 1968 movie was even in his league .
 Excellent movie ! My male students fell in love with Olivia Hussey . Leonard Whiting is delightful as Romeo . It is true to the play and I was able to skip the brief nude scene thanks to my schedule of 1 hour classes . Pause right before and pick up after the scene , your students will never know and you wo n't have to send notes home to the parents in order to show the movie . My students and I liked it much better than the updated version with Claire Danes and Leonardo DiCaprio .
 After all these years and endless remakes , this version staring Olivia Hussey and Leonard Whiting is still the best version of Romeo & Juliet . I still remember getting goosebumps watching this for the first time in high school . The music composed by Nino Rota is hauntingly excellent and the acting is topnotched . Most people consider this film to be a tragedy , but in my opinion , the true tragedy is the fact that the excellent leads -LRB- Hussey & Whiting -RRB- were never able to progress any higher in their careers .
 Another great Shakespeare movie by Zeffirelli ! This is an oldie but goodie . I 've seen this one a number of times and now . lucky me , I own it ! Leonard and Olivia did a wonderful job , as did Milo O'Shea as Father Lawrence . The scenery and music were great and this classic is really a must-own !
 Fell in love in 8th grade with this ovie , so nice to own it now . Thanks so much for it .
 I am so happy this is on DVD . The only film version of this tragic Shakespeare play you should watch and own . Wish they would re-release in theatres . As I say in my subject , keep your kleenex handy . : - -RRB-
 I first saw this movie in high school -LRB- about 40 yrs ago -RRB- when our literature class took a Field Trip to see it -- we had already read the text in a required book which I am glad we did because the old English would have been dreadful to follow without the foundation . Olivia Hussey was a lovely , delicate flower ... I wanted to look just like her . This is the ONLY version I have seen and so it is the only version I am presently interested in owning . Thank you Amazon .
 This is the definitive version of Romeo and Juliet . There was just enough action to keep my son interested . We watched after my kids red the play for school . Next time though , we 'll watch the movie first and then read the play .
 `` Romeo and Juliet '' -LRB- 1968 -RRB- is an amazing restoration of the theatrical release . I saw the film when it came out . These brilliant colors are faithful to Zeffirelli 's production . I own the film in VHS , but have never seen it with such visual intensity.Perhaps the most famous line in the English language spoken by Juliet
 I ordered this for my daughter 's English class . They loved this version of Romeo and Juliet . Would definitely order again . Received quickly . . thank you
 I brought this from my kindle fire hd . This is one of the greatest love storys and movies . It has been great to watch this movie any time I want to . I have it with me always .
 I remember going to the drive-in theater in 1968 to see this movie . At that time I thought it was the most beautiful movie I had ever seen . It was my first exposure to Shakespear and left me wanting more , Very easy to follow . A must see !
 This making of Romeo and Juliet is one of the best works of film in the past half century . I recommend this to anyone who loves the English language . Awesome .
 The actors who play Romeo and Benvolio are gorgeous !! Olivia Hussey is pretty , but she CAN NOT act .
 the product came within 3 days . it was n't a long wait and the item was in excellent condition ! thanks guys !
 Well is think that Romeo and juillet for franco zeffirelis version is more closer to shakespears intentions in the parts there are really harldy any scenes that are taken out although they dont show much of paris
 With this version of `` Romeo and Juliet , '' there is something for everyone . Personally , the scene where the character of Romeo bears his , um ... rear , is verrrrrrrry nice . Certainly not anything the newer version with those two teeny boppers can offer !
 I watched this in my 9th grade class and loved it . Leonard Whitling is really bloody hot . He almost acts like Leonardo DiCaprio . All the others were fantastic . My favorite part is when Juliet 's nurse went out to the streets and Romeo 's friends tease her because nurse wore a long white dress hat . It was so funny . Nurse was angry with Tybalt and others . I wish I would watched this movie again .
 SHAKESPEARE , WOULD HAVE BEEN PROUD THAT THIS MASTERPIECE WAS VISUALLY SCULPTED WITH THE AUTHENTIC DIGNITY AND PURE INNOCENCE AND BEAUTY , THAT ONE WOULD HAVE THOUGHT COULD NOT COMPETE WITH SHAKESPEARE 'S GENIUS VERBALITY .
 While I love the movie , this is the first DVD I have bought from Amazon that wo n't play on my multizone DVD -LRB- region O -RRB- player . But it will play on the laptop , so not a complete loss .
 Romeo and Juliet Directed by Franco Zeffirelli is an unforgettable movie of love written by Shakespeare , where teenagers like Leonard Whiting -LRB- Romeo -RRB- , and Olivia Hussey -LRB- Juliet -RRB- made a huge production , to be able to express as the days of Shakespeare were . It is considered as a romantic tragedy movie , where our eyes , and imagination travels as you are watching the 1968 's version . This movie is a play with a really high range of value for me as a reader of the book , because when you read the book first you would figure a 1968 version.In my opinion the actors John McEnery -LRB- Mercutio -RRB- , and Michael York -LRB- Tybalt -RRB- made a really good fight scene , where both ended up death , because Tybalt killed Mercutio , then Romeo got mad , fought , and killed Tybalt . That 's how the big tragedy really started , because by that way Romeo got banished . Then after that , Friar Laurence -LRB- Milo O'shae -RRB- planned to fix everything , because he knew that he was going to get in trouble if he let Juliet to get marry twice , being Juliet already married to Romeo without the consent of Capulet -LRB- Salvatore Billa -RRB- , and Lady Capulet -LRB- Natasha Parry -RRB- . The Friar gave Juliet a poison , which made her pretend she was death , so that Romeo could go and pick her up , and they could leave Verona together . But Balthazar -LRB- Keith Skinner -RRB- who saw Juliet death , messed up the Friar 's plan by telling Romeo that Juliet was death , but he did n't know that Juliet was just pretending she were death , while Romeo was expecting to get a letter from the Friar . Then Romeo went to see Juliet carrying a poison with him , and he said
 this is a wonderful adaptation of r & j. the differences are the setting in verona and the casting of kids to play , well , kids . especially olivia hussey . it 's true . after watching this , i ca n't help but picture her everytime i think of juliet .
 OK , it 's a campy , strange vision of Shakespeare 's ROMEO AND JULIET . And yes , there are scenes and lines missing from the original play -LRB- what happens to Paris at the end ?? -RRB- . However , the beautiful setting and the wonderful acting of the two lead roles -LRB- especially the beautiful Olivia Hussey -RRB- make this worth seeing . It 's not as jazzy as the new version with Leo and Clair , but it is still a classic version of a classic play .
 i do n't know what to say , it 's a great movie!if you really like Shakespearian movies , i 'd recommend Twelfth Night , 1996 .
 I must have seen this in 1968 , when a college student at the height of the 60s . I vaguely recall thinking it a `` good '' movie , but not particularly memorable . What I recall most is a review I read afterword by John Simon , the theater/film critic . It tore the movie to shreads . Simon hated it . Do n't recall exactly why but Simon 's review led me to think that my mildly positive response gave the film too much credit and if I saw it again , would probably conclude that it was poor/mediocre . Almost four decades later , after listening to my wife 's rave reviews , I did see it again . After a series of events , I had occasion to revisit Romeo and Juliet , watching the stage production and reading it a few times . What the hell , I thought , and took the Hussey Whiting DVD out of the library.Boy did I misjudge what I thought , 38 years ago , would be my reaction to a second , third or fourth viewing because this movie simply blew me away . Olivia Hussey is riveting . John McEnery is riveting . So is Michael York and Milo O'Shea . Leanard Whiting is good enough , probably because Hussey could render anyone 's expression of enthusiasm for her utterly convincing . The whole show pivets around her . Her lines in the balconey scene cut right through me . Look at her eyes and expression when she recites the lines containing the words `` cunning '' and `` strange . '' And watch the way she scrutinizes Romeo to see if it was a mistake not to play hard to get or `` strange . '' Wonderful . This is the movie 's center and its Hussey 's way of getting across the point - the point that I got anyway - that from here on there 's no turning back and whatever hand fortune deals , we 're gon na have to play it for better or worse.The scene seems to directly connect with Whiting 's most effective - also riveting , anguished line - `` Oh I am fortune 's fool , '' after he kills Tybalt . For me this is the film 's essence and feels very Shakepearean . That is that passion drives even logical decisions , sending the characters on a journey which is at the mercy of utterly uncontrollable forces . Shakepeare works this idea wonderfully in this play , King Lear and likely many more -LRB- I hope to read them -RRB- . Here this somewhat abstract idea comes alive with great emotional force.Also , another deduction of mine , four decades in the making
 I bought this film to nurture my daughter 's love of Shakespeare , whom she is studying on her own -LRB- at 10 -RRB- . To my delight , I can watch her watch this - with my son -LRB- 6 -RRB- , who likes such different thngs in it ! - and witness the growth of her mind.This film is very special to me , as I saw it in full adolescence -LRB- with my first girlfriend -RRB- , then as a young adult -LRB- alone at the time -RRB- , and now in middle age -LRB- with a happy family -RRB- . At each time , I have experienced it completely differently , first as a simple true love story , then as a chance passion with deadly consequences , now as a set historical piece in a country I lived and worked in . Each time , this film has stood the test and been a thoroughly rich experience.This version is unbelievably fine and sumptuous in terms of detail . Every image is brilliant and multi-faceted . My daughter sees different details in it than I do , while my son likes the action and verbal dexterity . They both like to watch it with the subtitles on , so they can read it while watching . The acting is also fabulous and daring
 One day when I was flicking through the channels I saw Romeo and Juliet . My fourth grade teacher had read us the kids version of Romeo and Juliet and I loved it.So when I saw it on tv I just had to watch it.When it was over I LOVED it .
 This is THE must see version of Romeo and Juliet . Zeffirelli 's 1968 masterpiece stars 17-year-old Leonard Whiting and 15-year-old Olivia Hussey with great music by Nino Rota . Filmed `` on location '' in Italy this version also has the fingerprints of the 1960s all over it , from moddish long hair , the debut of Michael York as Tybalt , John McEnery as Mercutio , the lush balcony scenes , the nude scene , and an emotional intensity throughout . McEnery brings just the right comic touch to the comi-tragedy and screenwriters Franco Brusati , Maestro D'Amico , and Zeffirelli keep true to Shakespeare with a take on the story that 's easily accessible to a wide audience , thereby making this one of the most popular films of the '60s . Especially effective is the ambiguity of intent of the Tybalt-Mercutio duel , and the overall editing of dialogue just enough to keep it succinct and believable yet retain the poetic and philosophical virtuosity of the playwright 's playwright . The music is used effectively and as it rises during the love scenes it 's a manipulation that 's an enhancement to rather than distraction from the emotion -- a rare successful pull-off of this . And that balcony scene is extraordinary , the lush dark atmosphere , Romeo 's giddiness , Juliet 's beauty ... I believed it.Milo O'Shea -LRB- who later played the Judge in `` The Verdict '' -RRB- does a believable Friar Laurence and Robert Stephens -LRB- I -RRB- -LRB- with a long list of Shakespearian roles to his name -RRB- an intensely serious Prince of Verona . It 's hard not to fall in love with Olivia -LRB- watch for her new film role as Mother Theresa -RRB- . Some bits of trivia
 Not only is ` Romeo and Juliet ' Franco Zeffirelli 's best film but it is without question the greatest Shakespeare film ever made and one of the five greatest films of all time . Every shot in this film is a work of art . Nino Rota 's score is so powerful and hauntingly beautiful . The performances are excellent but it is Franco Zeffirelli 's magic touch that makes this film so amazing . Zeffirelli brings a sense of urgency to every movement and every word spoken . This movie has to be one of the most underrated films ever made . If you love this movie watch Franco Zeffirelli 's 1973 film ` Brother Sun , Sister Moon ' - this film is almost as great as ` Romeo and Juliet ' and it is just as powerful and beautiful .
 This is a masterful work of art . Franco Zeffirelli did a breathtaking job of interpreting the play just how Shakespeare would have wanted it . Olivia Hussy makes a breathtaking Juliet , and the chemistry between the two young lovers was portrayed beautifully . All in all it is a wonderfull veiwing experience and I highly recomend it .
 I first saw this film many many years ago ... and it 's as wonderful as I thought it was ... I love Shakespeare 's poetry ... it 's just beautiful to listen to . The performances are top-notch - and Leonard Whiting and Olivia Hussey are absolutely gorgeous ! I think that 's what Zeffirelli was going for - truly young and beautiful people in these immortal roles . They are just so young and gorgeous and passionate - just what you need to play Romeo and Juliet . This particular disc has no extras - merely the theatrical trailer , but what I really wanted was just to see the film again after quite some time had passed ; extras were not that important to me . It hews pretty closely to Shakespeare 's original text and story . Beautiful cinematography , wonderful costumes ... I enjoyed it and was not disappointed .
 Ah , the Sixties - the tie-dyed era of youth and rebellion - an age when the word was Love , hope sprang eternal , and the world seemed perfectible . Franco Zeffirelli 's lush and energetic adaptation of Shakespeare 's `` Romeo and Juliet , '' released in 1968 , touched a deep chord in the audience of its day , becoming a phenomenon nearly on par in scope and influence with 1997 's `` Titanic , '' James Cameron 's latter-day spin on the timeworn tale of star-crossed young lovers.But this 1968 `` Romeo and Juliet '' is no quaint artifact from a bygone era , no cringe-inducing embarrassment like the beehive hairdo of a high-school yearbook photograph . In fact , it remains the definitive cinematic version of the play nearly forty years after its release . After the mannered poses of Lord Laurence Olivier 's Shakespeare films , and the widely accepted stage and screen practice of casting adult actors as the doomed teenagers , it must have been a startling revelation to cast a pair of actual teenagers in the titular roles
 This was the movie shown to us in high school when we read Romeo and Juliet in English class . I fell in love with it . I was able to watch it over and over in Drama class to prepare for Shakespeare competitions . Over all these years , it has never lost it 's beauty for me . Zefferelli 's version is the most touching and emotional of ANY Romeo and Juliet interpretations I have seen . I will show this one to my kids and share it with my drama students for years to come .
 Franco Zeffirelli + Nino Rota + Olivia Hussey = the most wonderful love stoty in the world . Olivia Hussey was 17 years old . It was her first film . She 's a wonderful actress
 The most romantic movie ever filmed . Gorgeous cinematography , best sword-fighting scenes . Who does n't fall in love with Olivia Hussey ? Best watched between the ages of 14 - 19 with someone you are madly in love with but your parents hate . One of the ten best movies of all time .
 It impacted me like no other version of this fabulous piece by the great Sheakespeare . Fantastic ; it made me laugh , cry and kept me glued to my seat the whole time . The acting was great quality - I recommend it for study or even if you are just looking for entertainment . Much better than the Leonardo DiCaprio version .
 I absolutely love this movie ! They just do n't make movies like this one anymore . Franco Zeffirelli , in my opinion does not get enough credit from the film industry for his films . He has a way of creating perfect beauty on film . The decision to cast Olivia Hussey and Leonard Whiting for the lead roles was a brilliant one . They are so perfect in their roles that they seemed like they were madly in love . I read recently that they actually did have a romance during the filming of the movie ! I have seen the newest version of the film and I was not impressed . It just could not surpass the perfection of the 1968 version . I highly recommend that you see this movie . I am hoping that it will come to the big screen again !
 I saw this movie in my English Class in 9th grade . My eyes were opened to not only Shakespear , but to the exquisite innocence and beauty of the cast , mainly that of Olivia Hussey . She played her part to perfection . Her bright eyes and infectious laugh just floored me . Whiting was also sweet and handsome.This version is THE version to own if you like Romeo and Juliet !
 This production of the legendary Shakespeare play is the best out there . Many other productions are just crap because the actors have no feeling in their lines or it just does n't seem right . I saw this film a few weeks ago in my reading class . Olivia Hussey and Leonard Whiting portray the star crossed lovers beautifully . The lines are said with feeling and meaning , just the way Shakespeare would have wanted . The actors chosen to portray all the characters are so believeable you would think the characters they portray are who they really are . None of the lines are screwed up , I would know because prior to seeing this play , my class also read it . The location the film is shot also looks they way it would during the time this was set at , as does the clothing . Overall , the amazing location , wonderful character portrayal , and believable actors tie together to make this the AWESOMEST Shakespearean tragedy film EVER . Oh , and you may not have guessed from most of my review , but I 'm only 13 years old .
 i own the 1996 version of Romeo and Juliet , but i felt like watching this 1968 version . so i got it and let me just say i love this one ! it is the best version i think ever made of the famous play . -LRB- and i love Leo Dicaprio -RRB- so for me to say this is amazing ! i loved it so much i watched it about five times since i got it ! five stars !
 `` Romeo and Juliet '' rightly stands as Franco Zeferelli 's classic . Zeferelli brought Shakespeare 's Renaissance language into the contemporary world -LRB- though he did n't update it with cars , radios , telephones -RRB- He made one of Shakespeare 's most accessible plays into something beautiful & memorable. ; `` Romeo and Juliet '' is moving with its star-crossed lovers . Olivia Hussey is iconic as Juliet Capulet , ready to sacrifice her own family name for the sake of love . Leonard Whiting is heartfelt as her beloved Romeo Montague . They embody the impulsiveness and passion of youth , ready to defy the boundaries for each other . They are innocent and naive to the family feud surrounding them . Michael York is especially menacing as Tybalt , giving the meaningless family violence a cruel & handsome ; face . Zeferelli makes the lovers ' plight at once sympathetic & passionate. ; Zeferelli 's `` Romeo and Juliet '' is necessary for any romantic library . It 's a classic !
 This was purchased for my daughter for her 15th Birthday . She is very deeply interested in Shakespeare and all his works but especially Romeo and Juliet . I saw this version when it was released originally in theaters and wanted her to have the experience of seeing these 2 actors . I thought it was beautifully done then and she loves it now . Impressive that Mom and daughter enjoy this movie when the music of today 's teens and much of their other interests are definitely not Mom 's thing .
 I first watched this movie in high school . It opened the world or romance to a sixteen year old boy , and changed my life forever . I was n't interested in this play my sophmore year in high school until the teacher introduced it through this film . It captivated me then as it does today . Some may have an issue due to the fact that there is one nude scene in the movie . However , I believe that is part of life , and I believe teenagers can handle that . The nude scene is by no means in bad taste , and it passes quickly . The movie is true to the play , and I have never seen a better representation on the big screen . If you want a better representation of this great work you will have to go to see the theatre in person and watch it performed by highly skilled actors . I do n't believe you can find a better version on film .
 I assume readers are familiar with this play , if not this movie . I do not want to spoil it for anyone . If you do not know the plot , please ignore this review of the movie.It is the very ambiguous duel between Mercutio and Tybalt that is the most satisfying thing in terms of Shakespearian pyschological insight . Tybalt and Mercutio , both accomplished swordsmen , obviously admired each other , and neither wanted to kill the other , despite the feud between their families . The staging of the fight was excellent and filled with humor . Jackie Chan would love it . Mercutio only gets killed because Romeo incompetently gets involved . It is arguable that Romeo only defeated Tybalt because he , Tybalt was filled with shock and remorse at having inadvertently killed Mercutio -LRB- at least , in this film -RRB- . The ambiguous psychology also helps mitigate the big flaw , to the mature mind , of the final double suicide . Besides Romeo 's love for Juliet , he has probably also realized the truth in Mercutio 's admontition `` You have killed me . '' Zeferelli gay ? Who cares . Whiting was cast , perhaps for his sexual indeterminism , but more likely for immaturity . Again , mature lovers would not have killed themselves in such a situation , even in Shakespeare 's time -- they would have just had an affair ; `` courtly love '' was the euphemism . Visually , one of the most beautiful films ever made .
 Great movie that withstands the change of times . The scenery , the costumes and the writing are fantastic ! A true classic ! A must see even if you are not into Shakespeare .
 Good acting , nicely done adaptation of the classic play . The actor playing Romeo was quite good , but Olivia Hussey was far and away the best thing about this movie , I remembered her years after watching this in Junior High . Certainly less eye-catching and frenetic than the Baz Luhrman version , but potentially easier to watch and less distracting from the actual text of the play -LRB- not to cast aspersions on the Luhrman verson -RRB- . Also , potentially a useful tool for getting preteen and teen boys to watch a Shakespearean play , as Olivia Hussey 's ... * ahem * assets are not inconsiderable .
 This movie basically covers everything in the original play by william shakespeare . it is very good if you 're having trouble with the old english words . but to get the full spectrum of the play -LRB- and an A on your essay -RRB- you should still read the play .
 My high school English teacher showed this movie to us in class when we were listening to the play on record . The class howled excitedly as they saw the graphic parts of the movie . However , the movie interested students into understanding Shakespearean literature and that time period . I find Shakespeare boring because I do n't understand the English and it really does n't do anything for me . When it is on screen , that 's really where it will get the viewer intersted.Zeferelli did a great job directing this movie for audiences who do n't read this kind of literature .
 It was a fantasy of words , of music , and acting . No , it was not acting , it was life . It was an outstanding film with everything included .
 It is the best movie I 've ever seen , a piece of art .
 Excellent acting , but many lines from the original version have been left out entirely . The basic plot is all there and you see everything that happens to Romeo and Juliet , but some of the smaller scenes that Shakespeare included for atmosphere and humor have been left out entirely .
 For me this one is up there with `` One Flew over the Cuckoos nest '' , `` Lord of the Rings '' , `` Amadeus '' and `` Star Wars '' . You ca n't blame subsequent adaptions for adding guns and rap music because as far as I 'm concerned this version tells the traditional tale of Romeo and Juliet as well as a film can . -LRB- the only change I 'd make would be editing out a few sobs here and there . -RRB- It surprises me that this is the only version out there with `` child '' actors because Romeo and Juliets age is an essencial part of what makes the plot and dialogue psychologicaly belevable to me.This is more of a directors film than an actors film . It 's acted wonderfully but probably more because the actors were well chosen for the parts and less because they were skilled at the craft of acting . Director , Franco Zeffirelli manages to enact the most paradied moment in western drama , the balcony scene , in a way that is at once so fresh and so fearlessly pure and straightforeward that I felt like I was watching an age old natural phenominon -LRB- like a sunrise -RRB- for the first time . The only people I 've met who do n't love this film are folks who do n't connect with the play in the first place . Also , whoever wrote the dialogue did a nice job.P.S . If a dated 1960s look bothers you then get the remastered widescreen DVD . It feels more timeless .
 How Zefarrelli ever got these youngsters to perform Shakespeare so perfectly is beyond me . Watch this and realize that this is one of the bard 's masterpieces . Mercutio and the nurse are to die for !
 I saw this movie when I was in High School . I have LOVEd it ever since . The Nurse charater just cracks me up . Olivia Hussy was really beautiful . For you kids out there that think nothing existed before 1980 , this version is just as good as the Leonardo DiCaprio version .
 A great movie about love . Very sad . The soundtrack still blows me away .
 I loved this film . I saw it in the mid nineties and everything about it lived up to the powerful romance of Romeo and Juliet . I was a teenager when I saw it and I appreciated the film for keeping this version closer to the story more than any other version alive . There were no gimmicks or sexually charged tricks like in the 96 ' remake . This relied on great acting and realistic actions . The directing was brilliant and the actors blew me away . Olivia Hussey is in her 60s now I believe and she is still one of the most beautiful women to set foot on the big screen . She was the perfect Juliet and no actress has ever come close to capturing Juliet 's true essence the way Ms. Hussey has . This is a must see for people who like GOOD adaptations of stories . This is straight from the heart and cures the soul . There are no gimmicks and made-up dialogue . This R+J rocks ! Skip all other versions -LRB- ... -RRB- .
 I viewed this movie in my Freshman English Class after reading the play . I was a bit disappointed that my teacher chose this version ... because all of my friends were watching the Leo DiCaprio version in their classes . I soon realized , however , that this movie was a much better choice . It stays true to Shakespeare , retaining most of his lines . It also takes place during the Renaissance in Italy . The Leo DiCaprio version is not very traditional , and is not an accurate portrayal of R+J . I loved this movie because the scenery and costumes were beautiful , and the actors and actresses delivered wonderful performances . I really enjoyed the fact that Romeo and Juliet were played by young actors , because it made it more realistic . I still want to see the DiCaprio one -LRB- and I am upset that I ca n't find it in Blockbuster -RRB- , but this movie more accuratly portrays what Romeo and Juliet should be . I am thinking about buying this version , I like it so much .
 It 's rare these days to find a good romantic movie like this one . I wish there were some newer remake of this movie . I think you 'll experience the the way love should -LRB- or should n't -RRB- be in this movie .
 The first time I saw this movie was when I was in Junior High School . I loved the movie then and I love the movie now . It was a beautiful and sad movie . Everyone should see this movie .
 Okay , this film was exceptionally good . I enjoyed watching it , I thought it was romantic and beautiful and yadda yadda yadda . I reccomend it to everybody . The reason I gave it four stars was because , well , lets put it this way -- the acting is great , but after a while a lot of it was whiney , and the crying was a bit fake every once in a while ... it started to get annoying . But thats my only complaint . I really thought it pretty good though .
 Franco Zeffirelli + Nino Rota + Olivia Hussey = the most wonderful love stoty in the world . Olivia Hussey was 17 years old . It was her first film . She 's a wonderful actress
 This movie is brilliant in being so close to the real play in all detail , that I truly admire the devotion of its creators , who worked toward filming Shakespeare , rather than using his name to present their personal impulses . A true European film , and the music is an unforgettable masterpiece .
 i saw the Romeo and Juliet movie of 1968 the first time in our german lesson ! i always thought , there could n`t be a better R&J video than that one with Leonardo and Claire , ... but now i know it better ! Because the version of Franco Zefferelli is the very very very very best movie in the world ! the actors are great and wonderful , the music ... the coustumes ... and the true romance is unbelievebal ! I cry every time when i see it -LRB- by the way , i saw it about 54 times till NOW * g * -RRB- . I wish nothing more than meeting these two actors , because they are my stars and for me the very very best actors in the world !! p.s.
 I remember watching this when I was a little kid , and seeing boobies for the very first time . I think because of my sentimentality to that scene that I love this movie so much . Watching it as an adult , much of the acting is overdone , and I am still kinda bummed that they could n't just run away and get it on .
 This film would be great on Blu-ray . I hope I wont have to wait forever . Pretty please with sugar on top .
 i enjoyed this movie so much that i bought one more for friends and the quility is great . and will be oredering again in future .
 We 'll never see another version of R & J done any better than this one . Why this is not on Blue Ray blows my mind.I 'm glad I bought this movie when I did , because it is so classic the cost of this DVD has radically skyrocketed , just like Summer of '42 and Easy Rider . For whatever reason the 60 's and 70 's classic movies have a real premium on them . Shakespere in Love is also a great one , but in more a comical way .
 Okay , this film was exceptionally good . I enjoyed watching it , I thought it was romantic and beautiful and yadda yadda yadda . I reccomend it to everybody . The reason I gave it four stars was because , well , lets put it this way -- the acting is great , but after a while a lot of it was whiney , and the crying was a bit fake every once in a while ... it started to get annoying . But thats my only complaint . I really thought it pretty good though .
 wonderful but not for preteens this movie contains sexual situations and nude people . It Got A PG
 I ORDERED THIS A FEW YEARS AGO WHEN I WAS SENIOR IN HIGH SCHOOL AND WE HAD TO DO RESEARCH PAPERS . I DID N'T HAVE TIME TO ACTUALLY RE-READ THE BOOK , SO I ORDERED THIS AND IT WAS VERY MUCH LIKE THE BOOK . GOT MY PAPER IN ON TIME AND ENDED UP PASSING THE CLASS ; -RRB-
 I purchased this DVD in order to assist my son with his HS English class ' current study of Romeo and Juliet . I could n't bear the thought of acquiring the Leonardo Di Caprio version , so I spent some time looking for other versions . While my son felt that this movie was `` boring '' and `` mushy , '' -LRB- give him another couple of years < grin > -RRB- , I could n't stop watching it . In fact , I just watched it again tonight . This version is , in no uncertain terms , absolutely brilliant !
 Whoever suggested that Olivia Hussey is not a skilled actress needs to take a second look at this film . Hussey IS Juliet . Withouth Hussey , there is no Juliet . I 'm an English teacher , and of Shakespeare 's major plays , Romeo and Juliet is my least favorite . But this film changed everything . Zefferelli could not have picked two better youngsters to play Romeo and Juliet . The chemistry is perhaps the most explosive I have ever seen on screen . The viewer is thoroughly convinced , and 100 % invested in the love-struck main characters . I ca n't recall being this devastated by an on-screen tragedy , except perhaps when I watched the doomed relationship of Natalie Wood and Warren Beatty in Splendor in the Grass . A thoroughly well-acted and brilliantly directed masterpiece .
 I first saw this film as a jr high school assignment , and I was hooked . The scenery is the first thing that draws you in , beautiful scenery that takes your breath away . Olivia Hussey is by far the most believable actress to have played this role . Its hard to believe she was just 15 at the time . Leonard Whiting is also wonderfuL and passionate as only a teenager can be . As far as casting goes , every one , down to the least player is wonderful here . The scene at the banquet when Romeo and Juliet first meet and kiss is so romantic , I actually hold my breath as I watch it . Shakespeare was a true master , and this is a true masterpiece .
 I have watch a lot of Romeo and Juliet movies and this one is the best and even my English teacher said that . I though that it was going to be boring , but it was n't it was great . At my school , we watch this movie and we always get the same movie when it gets worn out . It is that good . Everyone sould get it !!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 This version of Romeo and Juliet is the BEST I 've ever seen . I 've seen it a hundred times and I never tire of it . I always cry before it ends because I always wish I could change the outcome . If you 're looking for a real tear jerker , this is it !!
 You should do yourself a favor and see the greatest film ever made in the history of the world . If you would like to see an actor perform at his/her very best , see this film . Simply breathtaking . Michael York is brilliant , defying all predeterminded boundaries of great acting . His ungodly acting skills make my bones quiver in anticipation of my next viewing of this terrific film . If I had a penny , I would give it to Michael York . thank you Michael York , you have honestly changed my life for the better in every way , I 've had an epiphany ... `` Simply Orgasmic '' - New York Tiempos ...
 The best adaptation of Romeo and Juliet for the screen . It is first of all faithful to the utmost . It keeps the period -LRB- the Renaissance -RRB- . It keeps the feudal situation -LRB- the signoria as it is called in Italy -RRB- with the Prince who is shown as an obsolute ruler . It keeps the diabolic Tybalt who always looks for a fight , with his little hat and the two symbolical horns it is wearing . It keeps most of the text , though it cuts a lot in details that are not needed any more because images and special effects , like trumpets and horses , make some lines unnecessary . It keeps the traditional reading of the play
 `` Romeo & Juliet '' is probably the most beloved , well-known love story ever . Shakespeare , of course , is very difficult to transcribe onto the screen , however many directors feel compelled to do so , some to little acclaim . And , as expected with any Shakespearean play , many film versions are made , some better than others . There are five versions -LRB- The 1936 , 1968 and 1996 versions being the most popular -RRB- of `` Romeo & Juliet , '' each made during and focused at a different generation . The pinnacle of all versions is the 1968 Franco Zeffirelli version starring Olivia Hussey & Leonard Whiting . The two stars , ages 15 and 17 respectively , are captivating in the lead roles . They retell the oft told saga of the Capulet & Montague lovers with such beauty and innocence it 's enchanting . Featuring the now classic Nino Rota score -LRB- made popular by Henry Mancini in 1969 as the # 1 hit `` Love Theme from ` Romeo & Juliet ' '' -RRB- , beautiful direction , gorgeous costumes and eye-popping sets , Zeffirelli 's `` Romeo & Juliet , '' arguably the greatest love story of all-time , is the sweetest , most romantic film ever made .
 Definitely the most beautiful and heart-breaking movie ever made of this famous pair of ill-fated teen lovers . I can not imagine a more perfect Juliet or Romeo than the ones found in Hussey and Whiting . The film is virtually flawless-from the sumptuous , accurate sets , gorgeous costumes to the impeccable casting and excellent directing by Zefferelli . And ofcourse , the sensitive and sincere acting of the young leads and the other actors . This film adaption fluently conveys each theme-tragedy , romance , comedy-in a powerful yet delicate manner . The BEST in my book . A definite classic worth collecting !
 Olivia Hussy delivers a rendition of Juliet that is , at least for me and my friends , definitive . A truly remarkable artistic performance , especially considering her youth at the time the movie was made . Every nuance of her performance rings true and evokes something authentic in the human experience.The performance of the rest of the cast , and the loveliness of the setting and cinematography , and especially the music , linger in memory indefinitely.The film seems to evoke something of the age of Shakespeare , but it also speaks to the way things felt in the 1960 's . Do n't miss this one if you have n't seen it .
 From the first time I 've seen this movie , it has stood out as the most amazingly beautiful portrayal of Shakespeare I have ever seen . I saw it in 9th grade and my entire english class was enthralled by it . If you like Shakespeare , you HAVE to see this movie !
 This movie is an example of great acting . The characters are so real and pure.very refreshing and a movie that is truly one of the best romantic movies.I find even their speech , so poetic so light and airy.You 'll be completely mesmerized .
 Before she made us study `` Romeo and Juliet '' in High School , my English teacher had the wisdom to show us this version of Romeo and Juliet . I had always thought that Shakespeare was for wimps . Once I watched the initial brawling scene on the TV screen , I was hooked . It is one of my favorite films of all time .
 Franco Zeffirelli 's 1968 reproduction of the unforgettable tale , Romeo and Juliet , proved very true to Shakespearean standards . This film did not go against the original work in hardly any ways but instead portrays the work as exact as I have ever seen . For some people , like myself , this may prove to be enjoyable , while others may like more modernized adaptations . This film would be a great aid in teaching the story of Romeo and Juliet to those who are not too familiar with Shakespeare . The first time I viewed it was as a freshman in high school , having never been exposed to Shakespeare . Struggling through the play somewhat as a class for a while we finished the unit by watching this version of Romeo and Juliet . It was very helpful to see people acting out the words that were just read , making the story much more meaningful . I am a firm believer that plays are written to be acted out and without the acting out part much of the drama is lost . Since this version of Romeo and Juliet portrays the story as true as possible , I find it a very enjoyable film.Zeffirelli does an excellent job in making the two main actors , Leonard Whiting and Olivia Hussey , depict both Romeo and Juliet as they seem in the text . Also , using actual teenagers to play Romeo and Juliet was a good decision , something that worked well . Other versions of this story have older actors playing these roles , making it less believable and making us forget how young the lovers really were . The only complaint that I have about any of the acting in the entire film was probably not due so much to the ability of the actors themselves , but more so to the director who wanted to see Romeo and Juliet portrayed in a certain way . To me Whiting played Romeo as very much a romantic , almost too much so . This is something that I never picked up on as much by reading the text as I did by watching this film . Also , Hussey played Juliet almost a little exaggerated as a whiny young girl . Again , this was something I never picked up on when reading Romeo and Juliet , but was probably done because it was looked at as adding to the depth of the story . Both Whiting 's and Hussey 's performances were solid , however , no matter how their characters were depicted at times . Other strong performances can be seen in Lord Capulet , Lord Montague , Friar Laurence , and Juliet 's Nurse.In deciding whether to view this film again or another version of Romeo and Juliet , such as Baz Luhrman 's 1996 version , I would recommend that anyone who has seen either of them indeed view both . The difference in these films lies in whether or not one desires a classic telling of the story with solid acting and a classic scenery , or a much more modernized version also with strong acting but current scenery . Both version are great films almost too different to compare . If the main purpose of one 's viewing this timeless story is to learn it the way Shakespeare had meant it to be , however , I would definitely recommend this 1968 version .
 This glorified story of Shakespeare 's two star crossed lovers has been told countless times , again and again , but this version written by Franco Brusati and Maestro D'Amico and directed by Franco Zeffererelli is the best to this date . Through their eyes we see their vision of these two youngsters of ill fate . This version was , and still is the best , because it was the first production of Romeo and Juliet to use actual teenagers in the major roles , Romeo and Juliet . This film catches the eye from the opening scene and you are totally enthraled throughout , even though most everyone knows what the outcome of the story is . In the first scene we get transported to a time most of us have only daydreamed about . The set that was used for this film was truly amazing because it took you back to the time of Romeo and Juliet without portraying the 1960 's -LRB- when the movie was made -RRB- , which makes this an accurate retelling of this timeless classic . The costumes were positively exquisite , especially in the famous Masquerade Ball scene . The costumes actually looked like they could be from that time era , which makes the film seem more real overall . The only thing that is questionable about this scene is that if the Capulet 's family color was orange , which is mirrored by their clothes , and the Montague 's purple - why did Romeo and his friends think they could get away with going to the Capulet 's ball and not be noticed ? In doing a review of Romeo and Juliet , how could you not comment on the famous balcony scene ? It was an absolutely breathtaking performance by Leonard Whiting -LRB- Romeo -RRB- and Olivia Hussey -LRB- Juliet -RRB- . Even though it is hard to believe that two young teenagers can fall in love so quickly , nevertheless saying they want to get married so soon and actually believing it -LRB- just incredibly unbelievable these days -RRB- , but putting that all aside it made me feel as if it could really happen . Throughout this scene , as well as the rest of the movie , the audience is able to get wrapped up in the emotions of the characters , mainly Romeo and Juliet , through the music . The music that was played throughout the film , not only tugged at the heartstrings but also truly added the film as a whole . Overall I thought that Leonard Whiting -LRB- Romeo -RRB- did a pretty good job , even though I think that he came off as being a little more ditzy than the play revealed . Sure , he was suppose to be a lover , not a fighter ... but that was a bit overplayed . Olivia Hussey 's role as Juliet was a little more whiny than the usual take on Juliet , but conveyed that of exactly what she was , a young thirteen year old , trying to mature into an adult . Michael York gave a wonderful performance as the young hot headed Capulet , Tybalt . He showed his anger beautifully through his seemingly cool exterior . Milo O'Shea played the part of Friar Laurence fantastically . Overall he was somewhat manipulative -LRB- by marrying Romeo and Juliet secretly -RRB- , but all he really wanted was for his fair city Verona 's leading families to be at peace with each other . I have to stress that this is the best version of Romeo and Juliet that anyone could possibly see , so go out and rent it today !
 `` Romeo and Juliet '' directed by Franco Zeffirelli is the most true to date version of the classic Shakespeare story . The characters of Romeo and Juliet , played by Leonard Whiting and Olivia Hussey , are very believable and represent the `` star-crossed '' lover characterization very well . But as my title implies , was it really `` love at first sight ? `` The relationship between Romeo and Juliet is one that is , as I get older , harder to believe . Zeffirelli does a great job with telling the story as I think Shakespeare would have wanted it . It is interesting to note that before Zeffirelli 's version , it was commonplace to have adults act out Romeo and Juliet , and this version makes it much more real , but it also questions the emotions involved between the two lovers . This movie shows the innocence of both Romeo and Juliet and how their romance was totally forbidden due to the tensions between the Montague and Capulet families , respectively.Romeo is portrayed as a dreamy sort of character . While the men are having daily swordfights in the square , Romeo is off picking flowers and seeing girls that he is interested in . Benvolio , Romeo 's cousin , notices this and questions his interest in his latest love , Rosalyn . Juliet , on the other hand , is seeking love from someone , anyone for that matter . The only person who really pays attention to Juliet is the Nurse , played by Pat Heywood . The Nurse takes special care of Juliet because she lost a daughter about the same age as her is now and somewhat lives her life through Juliet . Juliet 's parents are more concerned with parties and other things rather than the happiness and care of Juliet . In fact , Juliet 's parents have secretly arranged for Paris , a much older man , to marry her . Romance happens very quickly for both Romeo and Juliet . Romeo spots Juliet at a function that the Capulets were hosting and Romeo becomes obsessed with thoughts of Juliet . Within a few days , they arrange through Friar Laurence , played by Milo O ' Shea , to be married . After they are married they consumate their love for one another and Romeo finds that he must leave as he is banished from the kingdom because of Tybalt 's death . Juliet is desperate to find a way to leave and be with Romeo , and seeks the Friar 's assistance . The Friar devises a plan that finds Juliet drinking a potion which allows her to sleep comfortably for up to 48 hours . The Capulet family finds Juliet `` dead '' and initiates funeral service for her . Word of Juliet 's plan was to be sent to Romeo , but unfortunately , not in time . Romeo finds Juliet `` dead '' and drinks a potion to be with her , his potion , however , is fatal . Juliet awakes to find her love dead and stabs herself with Romeo 's dagger to be with him forever.I think this movie successfully portrays the truest form of Romeo and Juliet 's short life . Franco Zeffirelli does a terrific job of telling the tragedy of Romeo and Juliet .
 When Franco Zeffirelli 's Romeo and Juliet opens , we hear the same words we 've heard countless times before , and yet the music , the view , and the voice immediately pull us in once more . And this time , we get the idea that it 's going to be special.The performances given by Olivia Hussey -LRB- Juliet -RRB- and Leonard Whiting -LRB- Romeo -RRB- are certainly not what is expected . Hussey was only sixteen and Whiting one year her senior . In a story that takes some stretch of the imagination to believe all the events that take place , it is a stroke of genius to have the actors be extremely close in age to the characters . They do not nail the immortal words of Shakespeare as well as trained actors might , but we forget about this as their professions of love seem to be the heartfelt words of two young people very much in love . We are easily able to believe that these people are wearing their own clothes rather than a costume.Zeffirelli did omit quite a few scenes , but with the beautiful cinematography , they seemed unnecessary . The lighting in all scenes was brilliantly placed . The two most important scenes , the balcony scene and the crypt scene , are examples of this . The balcony scene occurs after the party where our two lovers meet . Romeo has wandered inside the Capulets ' walls and hears Juliet vocalizing her love for him and her consternation at finding that he is a hated Montague . `` Romeo , Romeo , wherefore art thou Romeo ? '' He makes his presence known and they speak powerful words of love to each other and plan to meet the next day , when they will be married . The lighting is such that we think this is real . It is night . They are in love . This scene is so essential because we must believe their words wholeheartedly to be able to believe the rest of the story . The actors and director pull it off beautifully.The crypt scene is an equally important scene to orchestrate . In it , cruel timing results in Romeo finding Juliet in a death-like state . Juliet then awakens to find Romeo dead by his own hand in despair . Where else can we find two lovers mourning for one another 's deaths ? It is so improbable that it often seems contrived . Yet here , it is wrenching . Every time you see it , you keep hoping for her to wake up just a moment sooner . The lights cause the atmosphere to be just what you would expect it to be . The faint glow from the torches casts a small glimmer of hope into the dank gloom.The costumes , by Danilo Donati , won an Oscar and are a joy to watch . They add color to what would otherwise be a rather toned down world of stone and the colors of nature . The music , by Nino Rota , who composed the score for the Godfather movies , is exceptional and very well recognized . On a side note , it is commonly known that Rota would hum the theme on set to Zeffirelli for approval.Many stories lose their impact after countless viewings . We can be grateful that Zeffirelli 's version of Romeo and Juliet allows it to remain fresh and emotionally powerful .
 Strega2 has given an excellent and accurate review . Most of us got to know Maestro Zeffirelli through this film . Later we got to know his opera work through Live from the Met -LRB- and their subsequent videos -RRB- . My wife and I relived his Romeo recently with this DVD . The transfer and print are top quality . We watched it 16:9 on a new widescreen TV . It was beautiful . Actually it looked better than it did in the small `` arts '' theater in which we saw it in 1967 . The next evening , just for fun , we watched Tea with Mussolini -LRB- the rest of the story on Zeffirelli -RRB- . His canon of films is short , but when he is good -- he 's as good as it get !
 The best version of Shakespeare 's classic love tragedy , Romeo and Juliet , is through Franco Zeffirelli 's perspective . Casting two very talented and beautitful people to play Romeo and Juliet turns the movie into another dimension ! The movie keeps its true beauty and masterpiece -LRB- it 's scene takes place in the `` same '' time period which helps the emotional response -RRB- . This film is true genius work ! Even if you 've seen it before . Watch it again !
 Beautiful and timely movie in 1968 and still beautiful and timely ! You ca n't go wrong with this ... modern versions pale in comparison .
 This is a classic version of the star-crossed lovers . This version is without previews ; the picture is clear and sharp . Zeffirelli is famous for this film ; this DVD version really showcases his efforts .
 Loved seeing this video again . I saw it many years ago when I was in high school , and bought it to watch with my daughters .
 This is the worthiest adaptation of Romeo and Juliet ! The young actors are moving , and the costumes and cinematography are stunning . This movie makes me cry every time I see it . This is truly a movie that should be seen by anyone who loves the play , or anyone at all for that matter !
 I agree with all of the raving fans -- special mention to Mercutio and his `` Queen Mab '' speech plus his death scene as well as the party scene and the teasing-the-nurse scene . The ONLY flaw ? The roaring hot fires during the party scene -- R&J is set during a heat wave -- hence so many short tempers -- why do you think Mercutio falls into the horse trough ? A perfect double bill ? `` Shakespeare in Love '' followed by Franco Z 's R&J .
 This movie is so captivating ... The tragedy of Romeo and Juliet is capturing to audiences everywhere and of every age . The more recent release of this masterpiece can hardly do the justice that Oliver and Hussey have done . They wonderfully portrayed the clandestinme lovers , and captured my heart .
 This movie speaks for itself . It is absolutely timeless for the breathtaking beauty and wide-eyed innocence of Olivia Hussey as Juliet , the lush cinematography , the moving and haunting musical score from Nina Rota , the costumes and fine casting - all combine to create an indelible movie experience . You feel that you are being transported back to the 16th century , and consumed by the inchoate passion and , ultimately , the tragedy of these two ` star-crossed ' lovers . This film seens to invade all your senses , and is so all-encompassing that it transcends description .
 Hussy and Whiting are fabulous in their performances . My favorite scence was the Capulet party . I think it really captures the flavor and aura of the renaissance , especially with Rota 's beautiful music . This is a must see for everyone .
 I can not describe how much I love this movie ! Romeo and Juliet was so well directed , acted , designed , and incorporated that it deserves to be the besT ! I love the camera movement when it introduced Romeo seeing Juliet for the first time at the party . The music was also great ! It had great tempo and was relevant to the story and movement ! For example , the music had the tempo of fast when the party began , then when Romeo met Juliet , the music slowed down . I love the music by Nino Rota ! For all you out there fans of Romeo and Juliet -LRB- 1968 -RRB- , buy the soundtrack by Nino Rota ! Or you can buy the video ! :-RRB- Whichever ... Finally , I thought Hussey and Whiting acted very well ! They `` listened and respond '' to each other honestly ! P.S. I wish they made more films like this ! Romance , innocence , and adolescence will capture any adolescent 's adventure to finding true love ! Plz make more movies like this ! :-RRB- Good luck to the endeavors out there !
 i saw the Romeo and Juliet movie of 1968 the first time in our german lesson ! i always thought , there could n`t be a better R&J video than that one with Leonardo and Claire , ... but now i know it better ! Because the version of Franco Zefferelli is the very very very very best movie in the world ! the actors are great and wonderful , the music ... the coustumes ... and the true romance is unbelievebal ! I cry every time when i see it -LRB- by the way , i saw it about 54 times till NOW * g * -RRB- . I wish nothing more than meeting these two actors , because they are my stars and for me the very very best actors in the world !! p.s.
 Romeo and Juliet is my all time favorite story . I thought that nothing could compare to Shakespeare 's work , however I was proved wrong . I was in complete awe after seeing the 1968 version of R&J . The acting , directing , and costume design moved me to tears like no other movie has done before .
 Romeo And Juliet - No Ordinary Love Story ... Franco Zeffirelli 's Oscar winning 1968 masterpiece was filmed in Italy -LRB- Verona , I believe though I 'm not 100 % sure of that -RRB- . The film is rich in costume and scenery and the performers are simply extraordinary . Olivia Hussey -LRB- Death On The Nile ; It ; Psycho IV
 The essence of William Shakespeare 's Romeo and Juliet is magnificently captured in this 1968 rendition directed by Franco Zeffirelli . His decision to use teenagers in the starring roles verses older actors brings realism to the story . It is like a `` breathe of fresh air . '' Leonard Whiting does an excellent job portraying Romeo . I especially enjoyed the Capulet ball scenes . Whiting -LRB- Romeo -RRB- enters the ball wearing a mask in order to conceal his identity . Fittingly , it is the mask of a cat . Throughout the scenes at the ball we see Romeo on the prowl . It seems as if he is playing a cat and mouse game with Juliet -LRB- Olivia Hussey -RRB- being the mouse . Once their eyes meet , he can not let her out of his sight . He continues to maneuver to get closer and closer to her . He even makes some unsuccessful attempts to `` catch '' her as depicted in the dance scenes . However , this `` cat '' will not be denied , he persists until eventually he catches her and they share a tender kiss . Hussey also plays her role extremely well . At first she seems totally unaware of the `` danger '' she is in . She is like a beautiful gazelle totally unaware of the lion -LRB- Romeo -RRB- stalking her . Once her eyes meet his , her heart , like that of a frightened gazelle begins to pound rapidly . Her face gives the audience the impression that she is confused as to which course of action she should take `` fight or flight . '' She decides `` flight '' , but it is too late , she is already `` caught '' by his paralyzing gaze . Another phenomenal aspect of this series of scenes is the solo being sung while this `` cat and mouse '' game unfolds . A young man sings `` Juliet 's theme '' magnificently . To me , this is far and away the highlight of the entire film . I had `` goose bumps '' throughout my entire body just listening to it . This theme was the thread that wove this film together like a great tapestry . It was used on no less than ten occasions , however , the singing of it was clearly the most powerful use of the song in the film . I will buy the soundtrack just for this version . The timing of this song was crucial to the film because it set the stage for what was to follow in the film . I have heard the tune many times in the before , however , I had never heard the lyrics before . I think the lyrics contributed as much if not more to the film than the melody . Pasulino De Santis won an Oscar for best cinematography and deservedly so . However , I feel that Nino Rota deserved an Oscar for the job extremely well done in the area of sound . This film is definitely a `` classic '' . I wish that I had seen it sooner . It should be required viewing in school . I think that William Shakespeare himself would have enjoyed this rendition of one of his most famous works .
 I had worn out my video copy of this fine film . The Whiting/Hussey pairing is just phenominal . Two unknowns , at the time , really deliver the passion . This sure kills the most recent version , with Clair Danes and Leo , which is filmed like a two hour MTV video nightmare . I think a Leo and Danes traditional R&J would have been interesting . The sets in this 1968 version are delicious . The cinematography and other technical aspects reallly shine on the DVD 's clear images . It 's always amazing to compare the DVD to the video . Once again the DVD presents radiant images that really bring a film to life . If you buy this DVD be aware that essentially you get a beautiful , well acted , well crafted film , but you do n't get much of what we 've come to expect on DVDs . No documentary , commentary , background information , alternate scenes are provided . For me , the beauty of the crystal clear images is worth the price of the DVD . For me , Juliet will always be Olivia Hussey ... When I read the play I still see her face delivering the lines . This is one of the finest Shakespeare adaptations to film .
 There are few things on this planet that bring me joy and at the same time sadness . Romeo and Juliet is one of them . No other movie besides this have I felt so much over fictinous characters in my entire life . I have been told and learned that love is beautiful and when you see your soulmate it is magical , but I learned myself what true love is . I wa so tied into this epic of a movie that I told myself it was real , this was n't a movie . It felt real , as if I was watching it in live action not just on a screen . Everything was perfect in this movie . The clothing made it more realistic , the actors were selected as if by God for these parts , the music and the scenery . the scenery was just breath taking and made everything imaginable . If shakespeare as alive today , I think he would be very , very fond of this movie . In fact , I think he would love it and be very proud . Romeo and Juliet is a play which can be extorted in different ways to suit the directors need , Zeffirelli took this play and created a in-living-colour masterpeice . I am so jelous that my father , who was a freshman in high school when this came out , was able to on a field trip go to hollywood to see this in theaters . This is my favourite movie for many reasons , one of them being it makes me bawl so hard I practically melt away my face , it makes me understand love in a different view -LRB- i 'm fifteen . -RRB- and I have fallen in love with Shakespeare 's work . I think of Shakespeare is a shear genuis . How could someone think of a story like this ? I know I could n't , could you ? I think the direct quite , `` For never was a story of more woe , than this of Juliet and her Romeo . '' sums up everything perfectly .
 Franco Zefferelli , Italian director best known for his visually lavish films -LRB- Hamlet , Othello , La Traviata -RRB- assembled the best cinematic elements to produce the finest interpretation of Shakespeare 's classic tragedy of forbidden love . Romeo and Juliet is not only the Bard 's most memorable and popular tragedy , but it is the most human , applying to everyone who has ever felt the experience of falling in love and being young . In the 60 's , when this film was made -LRB- 1968 -RRB- to be exact , this idealism about love and rebellion against an authority that forbade such love , appealed to so many . The milieu of the 60 's itself is quite clear in the film . Leonard Whiting -LRB- Romeo -RRB- looks like a Beatles singer and is the first young actor to actually portray a young man in love . Before this , it was always an older experienced actor portraying an 18 yr old Romeo . Olivia Hussey , 15 yrs old at the time of the film , is the perfect Juliet - passionate and convincing . The cinematography that Zefferelli delivers is outstanding . He captures the Shakespearen spirit , mostly in the detailed , historically accurate Renaissance costumes , the scenes of Italian streets and market places , mansions , churches , tombs , scenery , masks , fountains , furniture and music . Although the dialogue and script of Shakespeare 's play is shortened for reasons of time , the movie nevertheless entertains us and compels us.The tragedy is all too familiar . Romeo is hopelessly in love with Juliet , although they come from the feuding families , the Montagues and the Capulets -LRB- the play never specified the reason of the feud -RRB- . Against the overwhelming opposition , Romeo and Juliet marry in secret . But when Juliet 's father engages her to marry the Count Paris , and Romeo is exiled for the death of Tybalt , things look grim for the lovers . Juliet takes a vial that weakens her body so that she appears dead . Romeo , when seeing that Juliet is inside the family tomb , takes poison himself and dies . Juliet awakens to figure out her mistake and that Romeo is dead . She then stabs herself . The Montagues and Capulets learn of the tragedy and repent their foolish ways , making peace after so many years of bitter rivalry.On DVD , the theatrical experience that a generation of people saw on the big screen in 1968 returns to be enjoyed by the present generation . Romeo and Juliet is a masterpiece , both in the artistic sense and as a film . It surpasses even the MTV remake by the avant garde director , Baz Luhrman . Five stars and very good ratings for this one of a kind film about the eternally star crossed lovers .
 Zeffirelli 's interpretation of Romeo and Juliette , is the perfect conversion from the 16th century Globe , to the to the twentyeth century wide screen . It is true to our own expectation of video entertainment and at the same time captures the love of language and drama that is representative of the early London stage . It is that classic video , that you will want to re-watch , year after year .
 Now I 've always loved Shakespeare 's work which is unusual people say for a 12 year old but who cares . I do n't own this movie but have seen it on tv a millon times . It is a great movie ! What really catches my attention is that it is in the original language . I love that !!!! -LRB- Although my friends who do n't appreciate good work , had no idea what they were saying . -RRB- Anyway I recommend this to everyone who is a fan of Shakespeare .
 Sure I only watched this because it was assigned for English , but I ended up liking it . Most other 15 year-olds do n't like Shakespeare , but this is really good ! I liked that they had the orignal Shakespearian language . I have n't seen the newer version of Romeo & Juliet , so I ca n't compare the two . I really recommend this movie to anyone . I sure would watch it again , even if it was n't mandatory ! It 's an instant classic , and a must have for anyone . You wil love this movie . My parents love it too , it brings back a lot of memories for them -LRB- yes , good ones -RRB- . All age groups would like this , except maybe ones younger than my age group -LRB- mid-teens -RRB- . You wo n't regret getting -LRB- or at least renting it -RRB- so come on people , give this a try ! Enjoy !!!!!
 I 've loved it since I saw it first time - I was 16 and for me , Romeo and Juliet were not the Shakespeare 's characters , they were just a girl and a boy who loved each other and died together because they could not live without each other . I did not know the names behind the production but I remember that the costumes were gorgeous -LRB- I still remember the red and gold dress Juliet wore in her first scene -RRB- , the score and song were sweet and tender , and the cinematography brought to life a very real Verona , colorful and violent . Only much later I learned that Nino Rota was the composer , Danilo Donati a costume designer , and Pasqualino De Santis a cinematographer . Both Donati and De Santis won very well deserved Oscars . -RRB- I was absolutely charmed by Olivia Hussey - she could be the most beautiful -LRB- and sensual and youngest -RRB- Juliet ever on screen . The only other film I 've seen her was `` Death on the Nile '' - and she was not lost among very famous costars -LRB- Peter Ustinov , Bette Davis , and Angela Lansbury among others -RRB- . I also remember that even though I was in love with Leonard Whiting 's Romeo , I realized that as an actor he was much less interesting than John McEnry -LRB- whimsical Mercucio -RRB- , Milo O'Shea -LRB- Friar Laurence -RRB- and Pat Heywood -LRB- the Nurse -RRB- . Zeffirelli came from a successful career as an international opera designer and director in London , New York , and Milan with a reputation for opulent spectacle . It may explain his ability to handle crowds on the screen so effortlessly and skillfully . He also at one point of his career worked as Luchino Visconti 's assistant - perhaps he learned a lot from him . In `` Romeo and Juliet '' he was able to make a very dynamic film that did not feel at all as an adapted play and also was a great romance which made me feel incredibly close to its characters . Four hundreds years seemed to disappear and Shakespeare became my contemporary . I 've seen `` Romeo and Juliet '' many times and I believe Zeffirelli 's is the best adaptation of the play . Well , there is of course , the ballet with the Sergey Prokofiev 's music - but it is a different story altogether .
 Okay , kids , this is it . This is how it 's done . This is how you take a timeless story and bring it into the modern world for all to love again.Franco Zeffirelli made several Shakespeare films , and all are excellent -- but this is the best . The idea of using actual teens to play teens seemed revolutionary in 1968 , but now it just seems visionary . Okay , they made a few cuts in the text , and Juliet 's two big monologues are missing . Granted . But this film has probably brought The Bard more new , young fans than any other modern production of his work , stage or screen . And that 's saying something . The 1936 Hollywood version of R&J ; has its charms , and Leo and Claire were lovely in 1996 , but this is the standard by which the others are measured . Watch it . Study it . Celebrate it .
 In 1968 Franco Zeffirelli wowed critics and audiences alike with his filmed version of Shakespeare 's Romeo and Juliet . He cast two unknown actors in the title roles . Romeo was played by Leonard Whiting , who captured the angst and anti-war sentiment of his generation while juxtaposing it with his all-consuming passion for Juliet . And Olivia Hussey plays Juliet to perfection by endowing her with innocence , naivety , intelligence and loving conviction . The rest of the cast is also superb especially John McEnery who lends a manic energy to Mercutio , Milo O'Shea who plays the difficult role of Friar Laurence , Pat Heywood who is spectacular as the Nurse , Michael York as the violent Tybalt and Bruce Robinson plays the loyal Benvolio . The film features a phenomenal score composed by Nino Rota . The production design is fantastic and the costumes are all lavishly created and provide the film with a sense of authenticity -LRB- even if not historically accurate -RRB- . The fight choreography , though simple when compared to today 's standards , is exciting and well rehearsed . `` Two households , both alike in dignity , In fair Verona , where we lay our scene , From ancient grudge break to new mutiny , Where civil blood makes civil hands unclean.From forth the fatal loins of these two foes ... A pair of star-cross 'd lovers take their life ; Whose misadventur 'd piteous overthrows ... Do with their death bury their parents ' strife . `` For those few who are n't familiar with the story -LRB- Go read it ! -RRB- , it tells the tale of Romeo , son of Montague and Juliet , daughter of Capulet . The two youths fall in love only to discover that they are sworn enemies . They hide their love from their feuding parents and are hastily wed in secret . But Juliet is to marry another , at the command of her father and Romeo is banished from Verona for killing Juliet 's cousin Tybalt . Just as it seems that there 's no hope that the two lovers will be united , a Franciscan Friar offers Juliet a draught , which when taken gives off the appearance of death and once her family believed her to be dead she would be free to rejoin Romeo . But Romeo hears rumor of his beloved 's demise and sets off for the mausoleum where her body rests . There , too distraught to live , he drinks a vial of poison and dies but not before giving Juliet one last kiss . When the draught wears off Juliet finds her true love 's body . She is so determined to be with him that she plunges his dagger into her own heart , thus either ending her anguish or reuniting them in the afterlife . When the Capulets and the Montagues discover the tragedy that has befallen them , they put aside their ancient feud and are united in grief . `` A glooming peace this morning with it brings.The Sun , for sorrow , will not show his head , For never was a story of more woe ... Than this of Juliet and her Romeo . `` Though Zeffirelli takes some liberties with William Shakespeare 's text -LRB- numerous lines of dialogue are omitted or altered , the confrontation between Romeo and Paris is removed , and the scene where Romeo goes to the apothecary to buy the poison is for some reason left out -RRB- , he preserves the spirit of the tragic romance . The film is truly a classic and an example of acting at its finest.Unfortunately the only DVD available is rather lacking . The film has not been restored or remastered in any way and the audio track is only in 2.0 . There are n't really any special features except for English subtitles , scene selection and a theatrical trailer . With this year marking the 40th anniversary of the film hopefully we can expect a more worthy DVD release , but if not this one is available at most retailers for a very reasonable price.Also recommended : Romeo & Juliet -LRB- original soundtrack with dialogue from the film -RRB- Romeo & Juliet -LRB- Nino Rota 's original score without dialogue -RRB- Warner Bros. . Shakespeare Collection
 I do not use the term `` Masterpiece '' lightly . So when I attach that title to Franco Zeffirelli 's Romeo and Juliet please believe that it is heartfelt . I first saw this film upon it 's release in 1968 . I was 15 . Shakespearian productions held little interest for me . The language was strange and from what I 'd seen the acting seemed stiff . But after seeing the trailer I was intrigued . Perhaps it was the youthful players or the exciting action . For whatever reason I anticipated Rome & Juliet 's release . I even found a paperback edition of the complete works of the Shakespeare and read the play , struggling to understand Elizabethan English but I finally succeeded . When the day of the film premiered in my town I eagerly attended . During the following two and a third hours I felt such emotion radiating from the audience and myself that I sat captivated . The costumes , beautiful soundtrack and sets made me feel as if I was haunting Verona 's streets and allies . As the film ended sniffles and sobs accompanied the credits . Most left before the 2nd feature began . I sat , not wanting to exit into the real world until my cheeks dried . When I finally walked into the Sun I returned much richer for the experience . Romeo & Juliet led me to timeless classics and gave me an escape from the realities of 1968 . So impressed was I that English and Elizabethan Literature became my major two years later when I entered College . Even today , four decades from that tumultuous time I watch this Masterpiece with moist eyes , my breath falters and if I try to speak my voice catches . `` Because never has there been a tale of such woe as that of Juliet and her Romeo . '' Thank you Master Shakespeare and Sr Zeffirelli . Your artistry touched my heart .
 First saw this movie as a 14 or 15 year-old teen . Loved the film ! It is one of those seminal movie moments of my youth . I think it is the definitive film version of ` Romeo and Juliet . ' Never saw DiCaprio 's version and have no real desire to . The DVD was of excellent quality , considering the original film was shot in 1968 . My teen daughter watched it with me , and did have some trouble following the Shakespearean dialog , but she could still follow the storyline . -LRB- I think we had more exposure to the classics in the Baby Boomer Gen than do kids today . -RRB- Nonetheless , we both enjoyed the experience and the DVD was delivered in Amazon 's usual timely manner . The angry Prince 's final words to the feuding families , `` All are punish-ed . ALL ARE PUNISH-ED ! '' stands as an electric moment in the film . The performances by all are terrific . Enjoy !
 There is nothing worse than bad Shakespeare but not to worry here -- Franco Zeffirelli and Shakespeare come together here in a lavish , opulent production of ROMEO AND JULIET , just when we thought there was nothing fresh to say about them . Zeffirelli has broken new ground by casting Leonard Whiting , who is 17 , and Olivia Hussey , who is all of 15 but looks even younger , in this timeless classic story about `` star-crossed '' lovers . With the possible exception of some parts of the musical score -- although much of it soars -- this film is as good today as it was when first released in 1968 . -LRB- The musical theme was beautiful the first 50 times I heard it on the radio . Then it became trite . -RRB- There are no bad actors here . In addition to the two lovers , Michael York as Tybalt and Pat Heywood as the nurse give outstanding performances , just to name two . My only negative comment about the acting is that Romeo always seems to run to and from an event or meeting ; he never walks . Perhaps that is what a seventeen-year-old , testosterone-laden lad does , however . On the other hand , Romeo and Juliet 's tragic story is completely believable and will put chills on your spine . Additionally , the dance scenes and duel scenes are quite wonderful . The wardrobe department got everything right as well.A word about the language -- it goes without saying that Mr. Shakespeare is and ever shall be the greatest writer in English . Hearing his words again is a transcendent experience .
 I first saw this movie 30 years ago ... in theatre ... and i 've seen it more than a dozen times since ... but untill now is still capturing my heart ... The film is so incredibly beautiful ... what more can I say ... no words to utter such magnificent works by Zefirrelli & the two young crossed star lovers , Olivia Hussey & Leonard Whiting ... and the beautiful music score by Nino Rota ... its breathtaking ... . This film is a REAL BEAUTY ...
 This is the best movie on Romeo and Juliet so far of all I 'd ever seen . I watched it ones when I was in High School , it shocked everybody 's eyes , it 's unbelievably fine ! But I could n't find it since it 's too old . -LRB- which surprised me on that it really does n't seem that old -RRB- I watched it the second time last wwek at my cousin 's house . I got shocked again and asked him where to buy it . He say he bought it from Amazon so I just bought one a few seconds before . Hope whoever saw this movie would enjoy this , the best movie of all throughout the would .
 This is THE Romeo and Juliet movie to see . Leonard Whiting had all the girls swooning when this movie first came out . That first shot of him in the movie , he took many a young girl 's breath away . Was he supposed to resemble a young Lawrence Olivier ? Speaking of Olivier , he narrated this movie . Lets not forget Olivia Hussey . She was a perfect Juliet . This version was special also , in that it was the first time that Romeo and Juliet were going to be played by actors the same age as the characters are supposed to be . Used to , they had older women playing Juliet.This is a first-class , brilliantly cast film . I 've seen a part of that newer version with Leonardo DiCaprio . What a piece of junk . Graffiti , junkie cars , what a mess . If you want to see Romeo and Juliet the way Shakespeare would have been proud , get this movie .
 I love this version so much better . I saw this one in high school and loved it . The other versions -LRB- 1950s -RRB- does n't compare .
 My assessment of Olivia Hussey 's acting fluctuates every time I see this but , if nothing else , the fact that she can draw your attention away from the visual magnificence of this film must say something . It 's the most lively of Shakespeare movies , in part because the language is beautiful , as is the scenery , the cast -LRB- who would n't fall for Leonard Whiting ? -RRB- , the costumes , and the music . It was rightly popular .
 Franco Zeferelli 's 1968 version of Romeo and Juliet is probably considered the classic in comparison to the other versions , such as Baz Luhrmann 's modernized version starring Leonardo DiCaprio and Claire Danes . Zeferelli brought the most famous love story to life , and he did a fairly good job doing so . The most significant thing about Zeferelli 's version is the fact that he used such young actors to portray Romeo and Juliet , which gives the film a more realistic touch to Shakespeare 's original play because he created them as young characters to match the time he lived in . I personally love the original story of Romeo and Juliet , as most people do . The story has something for everyone . It has romance , action , drama , and even a little comedy , mostly provided by the character Mercutio . Zeferelli made his film set in the original time period and used the original language which made it a little difficult to understand , and it was at some points kind of boring . It is hard for people who are n't really into older movies to actually get into the film want to keep watching . This would be where Luhrmann 's version comes into play . The comparison of the two is a very controversial topic . I personally think they are both great films and I think it depends on the type of viewer to determine which is better . If you are into more modern films , the you 'd probably like the modern version , and vice versa.I think the drama of the story was excellently played out with the use of close-ups , zooming , and even just the basic camera work at the perfect points throughout the film . The scene when Romeo and Juliet first meet is a good example fo this . You can tell the characters are feeling such a strong attraction for each other , even though they have not spoken a word , and it is all in the camera work . The music also fits perfectly into the puzzle by contributing to the display of emotions . The soundtrack includes some pieces that are played several times , but are altered to fit the scene and match the moods of the characters . In a way , these two elements help you to feel the love , anger , hatred , and other emotions that the characters are feeling . The actors gave a splendid performance throughout , including the very young Leonard Whiting and Olivia Hussey , who plated Romeo and Juliet . Personally , I feel they did as well if not better that Leonardo DiCaprio and Claire Danes in the 1996 version who are considerably older . They had a connection between themselves from the moment the characters met that truly lived up the story of Romeo and Juliet . Overall I liked the film , but would prefer to watch the 1996 version . It 's not that Zeferelli did a bad job , but the modern version captures my attention more than the older one .
 Heartbreaking story made even more heartbreaking by the two teenager leads . Beautiful scenarios , costume designs , cinematography , and of , course , MUSIC . What the hell the Academy was thinking when they DID NOT even nominate Nino Rota 's hauntingly beautiful score ? I just checked out the nominess in that category that year . And it is a perfect joke . Ladies and gentlemen , this is perhaps one of the most famous themes coming out of movie , certainly comparable to ` lara 's theme ' from Doctor Zhivago ...
 I really liked this movie . I thought is was much better than the modern version of Romeo and Juliet . I did like the modern one because everyone carries a gun , but that ending on there was terrible . On the other one it made sense of what they were saying . It had the original script of what Shakespeare wrote . Although I do n't know why it 's rated PG . I mean there is nudity in the movie . I had a hard time finding an error . There was at least one . They forgot to put in the part where Romeo kills Count Paris . But all in all this movie was terrific .
 I love this movie with all my heart and soul . I watched this movie when I was ten yrs old , and I have been searching for it for all these past years . I believe it was hard for me to find it because back then I was in Micronesia , my home country . But as soon as I arrived in the United States , I continue my search for this classical love story movie . Happily , I found it and I want to own it on DVD with the format of both widescreen and full screen so that I can add it with my classical old movies . The problem right now I encounter is that , it is available only in the format of widescreen ... Ooooooh ! That 's my personal problem because I prefer to own it if it is availabe in both formats , widescreen and standard . So I 'm going to be patient and wait for it until it is available in both formats . I have a huge collection of movies but only in full screen or both . I thank you . That is my opinion on this great piece of movie ...
 I fell in love w/the Bard , probably , directly from this movie ! I was 11 -LRB- just the age to dream of being Juliet and `` dying for love '' -RRB- ! I was a fair-skinned , blue-eyed , blonde then -LRB- as Juliet was USUALLY cast -- she WAS Italian , of course -- but , then Verona is `` mid-Italy '' -- alot of `` blondes '' there -- but I did n't know that until 1976 . -RRB- I thought they were both perfect ! I learned to play the soundtrack on the piano , and bought the soundtrack -LRB- vinyl -RRB- and memorized all the parts . I thought someday , I might act in a Shakespeare play -- I wanted to be an actress at the time . Alas , it was not to be ... and , then , Zeferelli was accused of `` statutory rape '' -- was it true ? Who knows . `` Alas , my only love sprung from my only hate . Hell , I forget the lines ! Blah , blah ... and known too late ! '' I 'm 48 now , give me a break . I like that he kept MOST of the original language -LCB- the newer one w/DiCaprio and Danes , while I liked it , played loose with the original . Romeo is still alive when Juliet wakes up . They skip alot of lines . They ADD some lines . And , when asked , Claire Danes -- `` What was it like to play Juliet ? And what do you think the message Shakespeare was trying to send ? '' answered `` Juliet was just a chick who had alot happen to her in a short period of time '' WHAT ?? -LRB- lol -RRB- -RCB- The updated concepts of `` gangs '' , Juliet as `` extremely sheltered '' , the take on Mercutio , all were `` right on target '' . The `` tomb '' scene is `` pretty '' , but just plain `` wierd '' ... who is `` laid out '' like that ? And , did Romeo really scream , `` Juliet ! '' from exile , when he thought she was dead ? I love the 1967 version . It 's fun , beautiful to look at , and more realistic to the time period . I like updated versions , so younger people can at least relate to it . But , us `` baby boomers '' related to all the `` period costume '' and language just fine . It also emphasizes the `` point '' more -- the pain that ultimately arises from irrational hate . See it !
 I had been looking at video stores all over for this and it was out of print or had to be orderd so came here and lo and behold here it is and orderd it and a little wait and it was in my hot little hands .
 Video came so quickly . Acting was quite overly-dramatic , which was perfect for the point I was trying to make to my middle school students about rash decisions and impulsiveness .
 This is the film to see if you want to understand Shakespeare . It inspired the velvet clothing and `` Juliet caps '' of the late '60s . Outstanding!The actors are age appropriate , and actually understand the words they are saying . Forget the newer Romeo + Juliet where the actors were visibly uncomfortable , and like so many productions , `` recited '' the lines without understanding them!The price is a bit steep , but this is the definitive version for many Americans .
 My daughter is studying Romeo & Juliet in English class , so this was the perfect way to help her navigate through the archaic language and understand the characters and their emotional conflicts . -LRB- Plus , I loved this version when I saw it at her age ! -RRB-
 Great movie . There is newer Romeo and Juliet movie which my daughter would have loved to watch for her school project , but I went with this version . It stays true to the play . After watching it , memorizing her dialogue was easy . It really helped . I am glad I was able to find this movie on Amazon !
 Franco Zefferelli -LRB- who made his directorial debut with `` The Taming Of The Shrew '' and would go on to direct `` Jesus Of Nazareth '' , a mammoth six hour TV miniseries and `` Hamlet '' starring Mel Gibson , director , producer and co-screenwriter of `` The Passion Of The Christ '' -RRB- does an excellent job directing `` Romeo And Juliet . '' This version -LRB- and `` West Side Story '' , which is the closest to modern as you should get to Shakespeare -RRB- is better than the sh -- modern one directed by Baz Luhrman and starring Leonardo DiCaprio -LRB- `` TITANIC '' , a movie which could 've been better , but that 's another story -RRB- and Claire Danes -LRB- `` Little Women , '' `` Terminator 3
 This is by far the best film made of the famous story . No doubt about it . The acting , filming and directing are superb . My only wish is that someone refurbish it and transfer it to the blu-ray format . I ca n't understand why this has n't been done yet ; it would look magnificent .
 Franco Zeffirelli 's production of `` Romeo & Juliet '' is my absolute favorite Shakespearean film . Zeffirelli 's daring casting of teenagers Len Whiting and Olivia Hussey in the title roles is perfect in the context of the play of two star-crossed teen lovers . Another ideal casting choice was Michael York as Juliet 's cousin , Tybalt . York brings a particular venom to the role , all the while revealing his skill and training as a fencer and former member of the Royal Shakespeare Company . The film is also visually quite beautiful , with outstanding cinematography and scenery . I have seen numerous productions of `` Romeo & Juliet '' on stage and screen , and this one surpasses all of them .
 This is not intended to be a pro movie review.I can say this
 This is the best version of the play . It captures the love and sweetness between Romeo and Juliet perfectly . I show this version to my students , and they love it . The Leonardo Di Caprio version ca n't even hold a candle to this version .
 This is my absolutely favorite movie . It is simply flawless , and what first made me love Franco Zeffirelli , one of the few directors whose names I have bothered to remember.Olivia Hussey plays Juliet , as young-looking as Shakespeare wrote her to be
 Love radiates in full splendor for at least one eternity in Franco Zeffirelli 's cinematic ` high romance ' adaptation of Shakespeare 's `` Romeo and Juliet '' ; first showcased in 1968 and has since grown in stature as an artistic classic of the first order . Superior performances by Olivia Hussey -LRB- eternally young and optimistic Juliet -RRB- , Leonard Whiting -LRB- impassioned and headstrong Romeo -RRB- , Milo O'Shea -LRB- the ill-advised Friar Laurence -RRB- , Michael York -LRB- hot-tempered , resentful Tybalt , aka ` the Prince of Cats ' -RRB- , and John McEnery -LRB- moody , melancholic , sharp-tongued , and self-effacing Mercutio -RRB- and a superb cast and film crew -LRB- your work is remarkable in this film ; wherever you are
 I was in high school when this movie came out . Like most people , I thought of Shakespeare 's language as `` Old English , '' not realizing that in fact it was Modern English , though 400 years old.High school students invariably hate to read Shakespeare in class because they do n't get the euphemisms and word play of the era -- even someone like me , who appreciated literature . But Zeffirelli 's `` Romeo and Juliet '' changed all that . First , the actors were perfectly cast
 To me this is the only Romeo and Juliet . When I read it I can watch the movie and go line by line , Olivia Hussey and Leonard Whiting bring this tale of tragedy and love to life.I 'm glad to see that at least this one movie is still going . It sticks to the story truly , era wise , costume wise and the actors in it are brilliant.Any one who wants to see Romeo and Juliet should watch this one before any other .
 Shakespeare is that one playwright in history that everybody knows by name and by reputation ; and anyone who has ever wanted to do a play has come across The Bard at least once . His plays are essays on the human condition . When it comes to Shakespeare and the cinema , four names stand out as being the most qualified and most successful . In the distant past , there was Lord Laurence Olivier and Orson Welles . In our present day , there is Kenneth Branagh . And fourth in this group is the Italian filmmaker Franco Zeffirelli.Zeffirelli had shot to international stardom as a director when he directed Elizabeth Taylor and Richard Burton through the Bard 's THE TAMING OF THE SHREW in 1967 ; it was widely hailed as one of the greatest film adaptations of Shakespeare ever . And then in 1968 , Zeffirelli took on the most famous love story in all of literature , Shakespeare or otherwise , ROMEO AND JULIET . This timeless tale of two lovers in warring families in Renaissance-age Verona , Italy has always been a favorite from its very inception , so much so , of course , that there was an American musical version of it set on the mean streets of modern-day New York -LRB- WEST SIDE STORY -RRB- . But one niggling complaint has always been that those actors chosen to play the parts of the doomed teenage lovers are often much older than the parts call for.Zeffirelli deftly avoided this by casting two real-life teenage actors , Leonard Whiting and Olivia Hussey , in those roles ; and despite them being obvious neophytes , they both succeeded extremely well . Having done many a Shakespeare play myself when I was in school , and having seen this particular film several times , I can vouch for how well this film holds up to scrutiny , given the year of its release and the fact that Shakespeare 's dialogue is likely to fly over the heads of a lot of modern filmgoers . Surrounding Whiting and Hussey are a cast of solid actors such as Milo O'Shea -LRB- as Friar Laurence -RRB- and Michael York , in an early role as Tybalt , while Lord Olivier himself supplies the narration . Nino Rota 's music score -LRB- including the poignant love theme , known as `` A Time For Us '' , which was a # 1 hit for Henry Mancini in the early summer of 1969 -RRB- is hugely appropriate ; and the cinematography by Pasqualino De Santis and the costume design of Danilo Donati not surprisingly garnered well-deserved Oscars.It is very hard , even in an often cruel world like ours is , not to believe in the kind of love that Romeo and Juliet , in the personage here of Whiting and Hussey , have , and how unspeakably tragic circumstances ensure that their love will always be forbidden and never allowed to be consummated . This is why Zeffirelli 's version of ROMEO AND JULIET still holds a place among all the great Shakespeare films . Its story is so utterly timeless ; and because it is done absolutely right by Zeffirelli , its heart-rending impact is absolutely indescribable .
 The classic Tragedy of Romeo and Juliet is the most accessible of Shakespeare 's plays , also , perhaps , the most popular and well-known . Not surprisingly , then , it has been made into many films and has had many successful and not-so-successful spin-offs -- such as the better-left-unmentioned 1996 Leonardo Dicaprio/Claire Daines disaster . This film , however , is a great adaptation and a deserved classic . Director Franco Zeffirelli is legendary for making this transition from play to film so strikingly good , and the movie is a touchstone in the history of Shakesperian cinema , and rightfully so . This 1968 film was revolutionary in several ways . It breathed new life into this classic story , which had almost been done to death in poor and lifeless interpretations . One of the main reasons for this success was Zeffirelli 's decision to use actual teenage actors to portray the two lovers -LRB- which seems like an obvious idea , but which had not really been done before , middle-aged actors being previous preferred
 It does n't matter which versions of R&J you 've seen . You have n't really SEEN it until you watch this gorgeous film . My mother saw this film as a teenager and rented it when I was quite young . It got me hooked on Shakespeare ! I 've seen it so many times , I can quote the dialogue word for word . Yes , there are scenes and dialogue omitted , but if they can edit the bible for film , I think they can edit Shakespeare . The story loses nothing from these omissions . In fact it gains a faster , meteoric pace , taking us with the young lovers as they soar high on love at first site , plunge into tragedy , and finally meet their violent ends . Leonard Whiting is a tender , poetic , marvelous Romeo , but Olivia Hussey steals the film with her passionately perfect performance of Juliet . Remarks have been made about her crying `` too much '' . Hello ??!! Critics who diss her for this have obviously never been a thirteen year old girl . Your hormones are going wacko at thirteen . I would sometimes cry at At & T commercials when I was thirteen , and Juliet certainly had more cause to cry than that ! The haunting score by Nino Rota -LRB- who also scored the `` The Godfather '' -RRB- heightens every single scene in which it is used . The music conveys the emotions of this story so well , it is almost a character itself . Pick up the soundtrack ! It is phenomenal!I have seen many versions of R&J over the years . Every film version , many plays , but none compare to this . Particularly , no Juliet I have ever seen has compared with the vitality , passion , and almost unreal beauty of Olivia Hussey . She becomes Juliet in every way . I wo n't say another actress will * never * compare to her performance , but so far , noone has even come close to matching it .
 This is my favorite movie of all time , but when I saw that it 's rated , G , I had to speak up . This movie is a classic , but certainly not rated G . It has nudity , violence and adult situations . Parents of very young children beware ... -LRB- all others
 The song 's named `` What Is A Youth ; '' if it would help ; I 'm adding the lyrics here : `` What is a youth ? Impetuous fire . What is a maid ? Ice and desire . The world wags on . A rose will bloom , it then will fade . So does a youth ... so does the fairest maid . Comes a time when one sweet smile , has its season for a while , then love 's in love with me.Some may think only to marry , others will tease and tarry . Mine is the very best parry , Cupid , he rules us all . Caper the cape , but sing me the song , death will come soon to hush us along . Sweeter than honey and bitter as gall , Love is a task and it never will pall . Sweeter than honey and bitter as gall , Cupid , he rules us all.A rose will bloom , it then will fade . So does a youth , so does the fairest maid . `` This song was one of my favorite scenes in the movie .
 This movie is so incredibally good . Its so much better than the Leondardo Dicaprio version . If you liked that one , youll love this !!!!!!!!
 This is the best film version of Romeo and Juliet IMO.Olivia Hussey and Leonard Whiting are perfect in the roles , and they were actaully the age of R&J ; when it was filmed.Michael York is another familar face in the film.I 'm not a big romance film person , but I have soft spot for this one.I was happy to find this at a nice price , as I thought it was out of print , looks like Paramount did a repressing.Recommended .
 I saw this as a teenager in 1968 when it was released ; I will be Sixty next year and for me it is the final word on the subject.There is no better version than portrayed here of loves innocence flourishing amid hate . I remember the commercials that ran on TV comparing Romeo and Juliet to teens of the sixties ; this is a timeless story for 1968 , 2068 before and beyond.I have hoped for years that this classic would be remastered ...
 Zeffirelli 's Romeo and Juliet is not only the best film adaptation of this story ever made , by it 's also one of the finest films I 've ever seen . It 's a crime that this film did n't win the Oscar . The cinematogprathy is gorgeous , and the script , though regretably omitting some key lines , stays relatively true to the original text . Hussey and Whiting give remarkably genuine and believable performances , despite their youth and inexperience . The rest off the cast is also especially good.Every fan of Shakespeare needs this in their personal collection . Seriously . Click `` Buy Now '' , well , now .
 This is the version of Romeo and Juliet I saw in high school 17 years ago . Love it . No other version comes close in my opinion .
 My students are studying Romeo and Juliet . The text book actually uses photos from the movie within the reading . It has helped the students grasp the time period and costumes are wonderful . A good investment .
 This movie is a delight to show to 9th graders . It does have some songs in it that the kids mock , but overall they do enjoy it after reading the play .
 I saw this movie many years ago and thought it was terrific , albeit sad . What can you expect from a Shakespeare tragedy ? The casting is superb and the authentic Shakespearean English is phenomenal . I highly recommend this movie !
 Saw this movie for the first time on a hot date as a young man . I had just returned from Vietnam and was in love . In spite of all that emotion potential , I was taken back by the song &#34; What is a Youth ? &#34; The trubador 's voice , with minimal instrumentation , touched my heart . Caught the song the other day and just had to have this movie . Yes the movie is well done too . Seems silly how easily the lovers fall in love -- ah but it 's a Shakespear play -- relax and enjoy . See if you fall in love with the trubador 's voice .
 My sister has loved this version of Romeo and Juliet for as long as I can remember . I was happy I was able to find this for her for Christmas .
 I have loved this movie since I first viewed it in the theater in the 60 's . It 's my favorite version and the actual DVD is perfect in every way .
 O come gentle night . Come loving black borrowed night . Give me my Romeo and when he shall die take him and cut him into little stars , and he will make the face of heaven so fine that all the world will be in love with night.O never was there a story of more woe than this of Juliet and her Romeo . -- William Shakespeare .
 This is one of my all-time favorite movies ! I find myself speaking all of the lines along with the characters . I was ecstatic to find it on DVD !
 Graet music , Juliet excellent !!! Romeo very convincent !!! We really loved it !!! highly recommend it.We would see it again and again !!!
 Good movie , cheap price , no problems . I got it very quickly through the holidays . I would recommend this mivie an company to anyone .
 Romeo and Juliet has been remade over and over on film , but this version with Olivia Hussey as Juliet is the one that embodies the play as classically as possible . The sets appear authentic , filmed in Europe , and the actors close to the age and description as the play . Olivia Hussey as Juliet is lovely and sweet , just as we imagine Juliet to be .
 Franco Zeffirelli 's adaptation of `` Romeo and Juliet '' is a rare thing . It is vibrant and full of life even if the story does concern two star-crossed lovers . He made all the correct choices here . By casting actual teenagers in the title roles Zeffirelli brought energy to the Bard 's words . The art direction , the costumes , cinematography , and Nino Rota 's classic score are other elements that enhance this work . As stated previously , Olivia Hussey , Leonard Whiting , and Michael York as Tybalt give energetic and effervescent work . It 's a shame that Whiting and Hussey did n't have more substantial careers after this film . When you mention Shakespeare to most people it 's usually greeted with a hesitancy because the language is considered a chore to get through . This may not be the greatest screen adaptation of a Shakespeare work , however , for a neophyte this is an excellent starting point .
 This is the perfect Romeo & Juliet that could ever be made , in my humble opinion . It works together so well , and Leonard Whiting and Olivia Hussey have such chemistry that make it so * real * The location is so realistic for the story , and the music is wonderful , too . I ca n't get over it.As a bonus , Leonard Whiting is the most gorgeous man ever . .
 I was 14 . I loved Jonathan Livingston Seagull , poetry by Schwartz , and John Denver . I also could n't breath when Eric D. walked by . Our English teacher walked us through `` The Good Earth '' , the 5 paragraph paper , and the last spelling tests we would ever take . She bravely asked hormonely overloaded teens to read Shakespeare 's `` Romeo and Juliet '' . As a reward she took our class to see Zefferelli 's film . I laughed and I cried . It touched my soul more than anything or anyone had ever reached . I knew I 'd seen the ideal love model.And then Eric reached over and held my hand . I still cry thinking about it!To this day some 30 years later , Olivia Hussey 's eyes and the musical score , `` A Time For Us '' still arouses my adolescent soul . No other film has ever stirred my emotions in the same way .
 Other reviews having been gazed upon , wilt I wax sort of eloquent , methinks , upon gaping slack-jawed anew at yon flickering screen ... I saw this film when it first appeared and I was a pre-teen , and it somewhat affected my childish boy 's mind even then , but it slept in dim memory until I channel-surfed smack dab into it on AMC last month . Durn-burn it , what 's a mid-40s full-grown family man doing gushing about a length of cheap plastic tape infused with rust particles ? Simple . One is dead inside if this film does not one affect . Rather than echoing the many , many positive reviewer comments found here that I agree with , wilt I some other thoughts add.From the commentary in the above link , it should be noted that the puns , double meanings , and poetry of Shakespeare is truly a work of art -- you will double and otherwise completely enjoy this film once you The Bard himself hear spaketh through it . -LRB- Mind you , this appreciation comes from a full-blown mechanical engineer , an applied physics type , not some liberal arts major . -RRB- Some of this is captured in the film , such as Capulet welcoming his guests to his `` poor '' house , but you have to have done your background reading and understand the older language nuances before you can appreciate all of it . To those reviewers who found the language difficult to understand or even boring , this is probably the reason why . There is such power and irony in Shakespeare 's words that , if you like this movie , it is worth buying a complete book with expert commentary so that you can anticipate and then fully appreciate what Zeffirelli , Whiting , Hussey , and so forth did . I doubt this combination can ever be beaten.The film plot is so exquisitely balanced and timed , reflecting Shakespeare so well , as to compel its audience into the headlong rush toward the highest of emotional highs followed immediately by the depths . All of Romeo and Juliet 's moves and lines complement each other as demonstrated by Romeo separately saying `` O dear account ! My life is my foe 's debt . '' and by Juliet also separately saying `` My only love sprung from my only hate . '' at Capulet 's party . If you read a commented book , you 'll find that there are many , many hints of deep foreboding at strategic locations . Look for them to be brought to life in the film.But also , notice the timeless appeal of absolute commitment to each other . On the balcony with Romeo
 The acting in this film is wonderful . The drama lines are delivered as one would expect , with class . The action scenes are played out well , though there was no as much blood as a sword thrust to the heart might actually cause , but this is family television . It is a very good introduction to Shakespeare , and the cast all realizes they are first and foremost Shakespearian actors.This version far surpasses any other production of Romeo and Juliet . The veiwer gets the sense of the frustration , the romance , the hopes that hings might change , and the let down of realizing the tragedy involved in this in inevitable . Love conquers hearts but it ca n't change other people 's attitudes towards something as personal as a blood feud . This movie hits home the depth of Shakespeare 's stage play and is one of the better movies of the 1960s .
 We read the play in my 8th grade literature class and I already loved the play . By the end of the movie when we watched it in class , I was crying . All of the actors including Olivia Hussey and Leonard Whiting were wonderful and really brought the play to life ! THe movie really gets accross all of the messages that Shakespear intended . I give big props to Franco Zifferelli for making this wonderful movie ! It has changed my life !
 `` My only love sprung from my only hate , too early seen unknown , and known too late ! Oh ! Prodigious birth of love it is to me that I must love a loathed enemy . '' ~ JulietThe sweetest sorrow in all the world must be to love completely with your entire heart and then never to be able to be with the one you love . To be dead would seem better than living with the pain of parting or of never meeting again . The love in this movie drives Romeo and Juliet towards their fate.In this poignant drama of doomed lovers , Romeo -LRB- Leonard Whiting -RRB- and Juliet -LRB- Olivia Hussey -RRB- fall in love instantly and obsessively want to create the mythology of their own lives . Have there ever been any two lovers who acted so rashly and paid so dearly for their passion ? They seem far too young to be flirting with life and death and yet their reticence is almost conquered by their overwhelming desires to be together so soon after they meet.Romeo and Juliet exchange some of the richest and most well known dialogues in the history of literature . The acting is ardent and authentic.I almost love the cute silly lines as much as the deeply passionate ones.Juliet
 I saw this film when it first opened . I went to the first showing and stayed all day . The first appearance of Romeo is absolutely breathtaking . Young people playing the parts make it believable . I have loved the soundtrack since I first heard it 30 years ago . It 's Zefferelli , not just Shakespeare , who makes this cinematic perfection
 When I took a course in Shakespeare 's plays in my undergrad college days , the professor used to begin the class with a tape of himself on a closed circuit television quoting a line from the play to be discussed , followed by a lecture with excerpts from the play and movie clips if available before he would join us in person about a half hour into the class . This was quite cutting edge for 1974 ! He used the above title line for `` Romeo and Juliet '' , and since he was good-humored with a trace of ham about him , he delivered the line in a very solemn , melodramatic way , that definitely was tongue in cheek . Clips were shown of the 1936 George Cukor directed black and white version starring the mature Norma Shearer and Leslie Howard as pubescent lovers , in an overly refined , lifeless fashion . I remember how bored I was , and how much I preferred this rendition , and all these years later , having seen both again , my opinion stands.Shakespearian purists will argue that the sheer beauty and poetry of the verse is lost since youngsters Leonard Whiting as Romeo and Olivia Hussey as Juliet were green and unformed and not able to master its intricacies , so be it . Director Franco Zefferelli also has some major omissions , chief among them Juliet 's exquisite soliloquy that begins `` Gallop apace , you fiery footed steeds ... '' plus more seriously Juliet 's renowned tour de force , the potion speech . I 'm not sure why they were deleted , possibly Zefferelli felt they were beyond Hussey 's dramatic reach . Still when I read the play I was sorry , as they are wondrously composed , and add immeasurably to Juliet 's character . Finally , Count Paris , Juliet 's would be suitor , is killed by Romeo when they duel at the entrance to the Capulet tomb . In the movie , he lives , which makes nonsense of the Prince 's line '' And I in winking at your discords too , have lost a brace -LRB- a pair -RRB- of kinsmen . '' since both Mercutio and Paris are related to the Prince , and only Mercutio is dead.However at least to me , so much is right in this version of `` Romeo and Juliet '' that these flaws can be forgiven . Franco Zefferelli first staged `` Romeo and Juliet '' for the Old Vic Theatre in London in 1960 to rave reviews for pumping the hot blooded passion and vitality back in that was long absent as productions became increasing anemic , ossified in tradition and gentility . The effect is like the restoration of a great painting , where the dust and the effect of time that have dulled the luster are cleared away revealing the shimmering colors of the original . In adapting his vision to the screen , Franco Zefferelli went one step further , although he had used actors in their twenties on stage , for the film he used actual teenagers , Leonard Whiting was seventeen when filming and Olivia Hussey fifteen , both of them exactly one year older than the ages Shakespeare had given them.This `` Romeo and Juliet '' resonates and pulses with life , lit with the flame of the emerging Renaissance , but shadowed with the threat of a violence never too far from the surface . The locations in various parts of Italy make the viewer feel he is transported to the cobbled , sunlit streets and splendid , ancient palazzos of sixteenth century Verona , all glittering , vibrant colors that overwhelm the senses . Credit this to Zefferelli , Production Designer Renzo Mongiardino , and Art Directors Emilio Carcano and Luciano Puccini . The costumes by Danilo Donati are so sumptuous , particularly Juliet gowned in a jewel like red at the Capulet 's ball , that they won an Oscar , as did the superb cinematography by Pasqualino De Santis . Nino Roti 's musical score is lushly romantic and lyrical , underscoring the pathos , with the love theme `` A Time For Us '' , becoming quite popular . The total effect is dazzling , yet it does n't dominate or diminish the tender , intimate love story , but rather heightens its intensity.Here are a few of my favorite moments
 Even with a few 70 's haircuts and the occasional turtleneck , this film DEFINITELY shines as the most true to Shakespeare 's original play . Stunning in on location staging and supurb acting , the film makes you feel as if you are actually there with the characters . Excellent casting . The gangs of boys are sufficiently hooliganish that you can anticipate the tragedies before they occur . You almost feel the love growing betweem Romeo and sweet Juliet . Overall a fabulous love tragedy .
 My 14 year old came home form school say that they had watched something in school where Romeo and Juliet has wings and were set in modern times . She was a bit put off by it.I ordered this one , the classic Zeffereli film that every students should see when studying Shakespeare . Now she gets it !
 Romeo & Juliet is one of the best tragedies of love I have ever seen . It will and always will be a classic legend .
 Although this original version of Romeo & Juliet is not for my generation , I love to watch it because remind me my mom and my older sisters . No matter how many versions they did after that , but definately the original version is unique . Thank you AMAZON
 One of the best Romeo and Juliet movies ! -LRB-
 I 've always liked this version because Zefferelli outdid himself with the artistry . I find it less confusing for classroom use because it is more direct than the 1990s reinterpretation . Plus , many of my students find Hussey and Whiting -LRB- or should I say the blueprint for Zak Efron ? -RRB- to be more attractive than Claire Danes and Leonardo DiCaprio .
 A beautiful rendition of the classic Shakespeare tale - beautiful costumes , excellent cinematography -LRB- especially considering its 1968 release -RRB- and a classic story . Remembered from my early high school English class . A worthy member of my collection of old films !
 When I was fourteen I LOVED this movie . I had the sound recording but had not seen the movie in decades . I was glad I did
 `` Romeo and Juliet '' directed by Franco Zeffirelli is the most true version of the classic Shakespear story . This story follows along so closely that you could take a scene and follow it along word for word in the book . In the beginning it feels like it is going to be another sappy love movie but when later find out that it is not typical of all love stories . I think that the director did an excellent job at showing the original story written by Shakespear . We see the same actions that are protrayed by Romeo in most love stories but the sneaking around by Romeo and Juliet makes it much more exciting than any normal sappy love film seen now days . As I get older , I realize that there is no true `` Romeo '' out there for me . We can all hope to find our `` Romeo '' but for most of us this is never going to happen . Romeo is shown as a character that dreams a lot . While the typical men of the town were out sword fighting Romeo was out picking flowers and chasing girls . Juliet is shown as more of an ignorant girl . She is out doing the typical girlish things . The relationship that Romeo and Juliet had is very unbelievable in the standards set today . Back in the days , when marriage happened at an early age , this situation seemed very realistic . The way Juliet and Romeo were sneaking around behind there parents back just to see each other was so sweet . While their familes forbidded them from being together they risked getting in trouble from there parents just to see each other . The nurse of Juliet is the only person who knows about Romeo and Juliet and their secret love for each other . I could not believe the fact that Romeo and Juliet went behind their families backs and got married . I think that if their parents would have known the truth about them it might have started a bigger fight than was already taking place . Just throughtout the film we see some of the family members die . Just because they are trying to protect their own families from each other . The only real thing that sets this story far from other love stories is the fact that Romeo and Juliet do not get to live happily ever after like the typical love story . I think that when Romeo sees his love laying there appearing to be dead , the shock of it being Juliet was enought to motivate himself to kill himself . Then when she awakes and sees her love dead she also deceides to kill herself . So the question can be asked to if they were really in love or was it just a little crush which lead them to think that it was true love . The way that this story was portrayed was incredible . I think they were in love but not in way that would last them for a lifetime . I really enjoyed this movie and I especially like it when they can take a story like this and make it into a movie that is extremely close to the original story .
 This adaptation of William Shakespear 's Romeo and Juliet is by far the best ever ! This adaptation is the one true one that follows the play so closely that you can take whole scenes and follow along with a book . While watching this , I opened the book we had and could read word for word what the actor was going to say . Olivia Hussey and Leonard Whiting had such great chemistry that you did n't even realize that you were watching a play . It seemed more as if you were watching two of your friends in the same room . They brought their characters to life better than anyone else who ever portrayed these two did . The other thing that made this movie so enjoyable was the lighting . Normally , we are used to bad things happening in dark places whereas in this version of the movie , bad things happen in broad day light and in the middle of the market square in front of tons of witnesses . This gives the movie an interesting tone as a viewer is not used to it . Franco Zeffirelli does a beautiful job directing this , getting exactly the emotions he wants . In other versions of the play , the couple who portrays Romeo and Juliet are either too old or too young . These two , Olivia and Leonard , are just the age that a reader of Romeo and Juliet expect them to be . And they act just like it . They are star crossed lovers at the tender teen-age years . Everyone knows the plot of Romeo and Juliet , yet the way it is carried out in this adaptation is unlike any I 've ever seen . I strongly recommend it to anyone who is interested in William Shakespear and any of the adaptations . It might be little harder to understand because the language is the one of old , but the way it is presented is so wonderful that you lose yourself in the acting that you do n't need to pay that much attention to the words . You can listen with your heart .
 I first saw Zeffirelli 's R&J ; when I was 12 or 13 years old and I thought it was wonderful . Juliet and her Romeo are , I think , well-cast -LRB- thought I appreciate Leonard Whiting more now than I did then -RRB- . I have watched Romeo + Juliet -LRB- which is how I refer to it when speaking -- `` Romeo PLUS Juliet '' -RRB- . I have no quibbles with R+J being new and innovative , but I think a lot of the details -LRB- guns called `` Rapiers '' , Mercutio as a drugged-out drag queen , etc -RRB- were over the top in a very distracting way . I have no doubt the Bard would have found Luhrmann 's interpretation interesting -LRB- Shakespeare was , after all , most likely bisexual and English theatre of his day used boy actors to portray women , i.e. cross dressing -RRB- but I felt , as with most Baz Luhrmann films , the emphasis was more on style and less on substance.The '68 version of R&J ; , has style by the barrelful , but it never overwhelms the story , which is the most important element . Since I watched it as a child , I was enraptured with Juliet . I think Olivia Hussey provided us with a definitive version of Juliet . Unfortunately , Claire Danes ca n't come close . Hussey seemed to understand what she was saying ; it seems as though she understands the Elizabethan English and is at home in it . Danes several times seemed confused by what she was saying or her reading of the lines was off . Leonard Whiting as Romeo is slightly less successful , as Zeffirelli seemed to choose him based more on his waifish , slightly androgynous looks than on his talent , though I think he did a decent job . Strangely enough , there were moments when I preferred DiCaprio 's Romeo as he seemed to have a lot more vigor and youthful force.Aside from all the brouhaha over Zeffirelli being gay and thus highlighting the sexually ambiguous relationship between Romeo and Mercutio -LRB- not overly done and it did seem to have more to do with Mercutio than Romeo -RRB- , Romeo and Juliet is essentially , a very sensitive portrayal of young , heterosexual love . Nothing for anyone to get upset over . As much as Shakespeare might have applauded Luhrmann 's commercial angle -LRB- Shakespeare was also a businessman and wrote plays not only to be poetic works of art , but also commercially viable -RRB- , but I ca n't help but think he would have been disappointed with the acting in R+J . In Zeffirelli 's version , the characters move naturally within their world . Aside from the beautiful sets , costumes , and Zeffirelli 's use of real teenagers to play teenaged characters , the 1968 version MEANS something and holds an audience emotionally , whereas Luhrmann 's version seemed like an exercise in excessive style.If you want to see one of the best adaptations of a Shakespearean play , see this one .
 I do n't care how much that statement dates me -- I make it after buying that one and saying `` ouch '' . This one was a trailblazer in that it was the first to cast young people in the main roles rather than thirtysomething types . Can you imagine a bunch of thirtyish single men running about the streets getting into duels over the wrong facial expressions or tones of voice ? None of whom has ever been married ? Or a thirtyish woman still needing a nurse / governess ? That 's how it was with this play before this production of it . But the trouble is that you can only make the same breakthrough once . After that , it 's been there / done that . The other way this one beats earlier productions is that the characters have actual personalities -- they do n't orate as in stage productions . Somehow , the scene where Mercutio makes an off-color pun about what time it is comes off better , as does the nurse 's quickly suppressed laughter -- she 's supposed to be offended , after all . There 's one strange note later on that would come off as funny if it did n't involve death . When Romeo , enraged by Tybalt 's killing of Mercutio , runs Tybalt through , Michael York 's Orson Welles-style basso makes Tybalt 's cry of anguish sound more like a roar . He does Tybalt 's arrogance perfectly before that , though . Not to mention Milo O'Shea 's protrayal of Friar Laurence in the manner of the standard Irish parish priest . Plus , Olivia Hussey does Juliet as the signature sweet young thing in a way that , despite her husky Marina Sirtis-type voice , works perfectly .
 While `` Romeo and Juliet '' is certainly not Shakespeare 's best story , it is his most famous and it has incredible writing . The balcony scene is especially amazing . This version is very good and takes a pleasant literalism in terms of period and setting . It also has a good combination of strong physical acting and well-done reciting of the lines . It felt very natural and poetic.I heartily did not apreciate the scene with nudity and Romeo 's farmer-tan rump . I was also dissapointed at what lines were not in the movie . I know most Shakespeare movies would be too long if they followed the script fully , but I had not read the story in years and I could still tell what great prose was missing.All in all , if the nudity does not offend you -LRB- you can skip the scene -RRB- , this is a great movie .
 i loved this movie it is my most favorite movie ever . i love william shakespeare anyway and i love every book he has ever wrote . this is a movie i would love to see over and over again .
 The difference between a Ferrari and a Miata is that , when the tail-light lens falls off of your Miata , you swear . When the tail-light lens falls off of your Ferrari , you carefully pick it up , wash it off in lukewarm water with a little dish soap , and go down to the Ferrari dealership to pay $ 47 for an original hand-made pair of Italian screws to replace the ones that vibrated out , and you screw it back on with the words `` Thank goodness it was n't broken . `` Why ? Because a Miata is a mass-produced appliance , while a Ferrari is a hand-made work of art that has a soul . This film is a Ferrari , and it inspires nothing but awe and fierce , passionate love even as its tail-light lenses are falling off and its door handles are loose and its chrome trim obviously is n't perfectly straight . As an English teacher , I 've seen this film approximately 35 times now , and I am still entertained by finding new technical inconsistencies in it . A list of them would be almost impossible to compile , but for example , Benvolio is stabbed in the eye by Tybalt 's sword at the very start of the film , and something like five minutes later he is talking to Lady Capulet , completely unwounded . Tybalt repeatedly tells Romeo to `` turn and draw , '' despite the fact that he is n't wearing a sword , and later Romeo approaches the tomb with his sword on , then enters it with the sword having mysteriously disappeared . Juliet is put into the grave with her shroud covered in roses thrown by grieving local maidens , but later when Romeo appears to pull the shroud away , the roses have disappeared . And it goes on and on and on through the film . Technically , from the standpoint of mere careful film-making , this film is an undeniable mess.And to my students and to me and to apparently hundreds of thousands of other people across the world , it does not matter one bit that it is . Like that 1960 's Ferrari , this film is a flawed work of art - a work of art of such beauty , of such soul , of such passion , of such magnificence , that the flaws shrink into utter insignificance for all but the most anal and prejudiced of viewers . I 'm not going to describe it here - that would steal from it and I could n't do it justice . Just watch it , and if you have even a drop of hot-blooded youth left in you at all , if you are n't completely mummified , the film will explain itself . Watch it in the dark , on a big screen , with a good sound system . The music , the costuming , the casting , the setting , the lighting ... all of it has that special stamp of beauty and art and aesthetic that Italy has long been known for throughout the world.The only reason I was tempted to withhold the 5th star was for how many speeches , scenes and lines have been omitted . All the basics are there , of course . The big scenes are almost complete . But Franco Zefferelli was obviously doing his best to avoid overwhelming a non-Shakespeare-reading audience with the Bard 's admittedly challenging words , words which have the ring of heaven 's own stamp and which I wish were there in their entirety . Juliet 's speech while she is waiting for Romeo in her bedroom and her speech before she takes the sleeping potion , for example , have both been omitted - much to the detriment of the story in my mind . Otherwise , the excellent Leonardo DeCaprio-Claire Danes film notwithstanding , this masterpiece from 1967 is still the gold standard and Olivia Hussey is still the unchallenged soul of Juliet in the hearts of most of the world .
 This movie is so beautiful yet tragic , I cry every time I watch it ... Romeo and Juliet have never been captured like this film has .
 This is the definintive Romeo and Juliet film ever ! I especially enjoy the theme and film score . The location of the production , with superb performances and costumes , have made for a wonderful classic film . The transfer to DVD is excellent despite the absence of 5.1 surround . Buy it now .
 Any of Shakespeare 's classics are great but this has been a favorite of mine since childhood.The sound is a little off , I suspect because of the movies age , but the costuming and the story are wonderful A must for those interested in the Elizabethan and Rennaissance periods .
 The timless writings of Shakespeare are brought to life in this film . I had watched it in jr. high in the mid eighties . The passion Romeo brought forth to speak of his love for her . The anticipated moment Juliet senses the security and comfort in his thoughts and dreams . This masterpiece would turn me on to other works such as `` A midsummer nights dream , '' and , a more modern writers work . An American author , Richard Bach , writes The Bridge across forever . '' Bach 's story probably could not be made into a play , yet the completeness two souls can make together in a beautiful life of shared hope and ideals just remind me of the good parts of this film .
 `` Two households , both alike in dignity , In fair Verona , where we lay our scene , From ancient grudge break to new mutiny . Where civil blood makes civil hands unclean ... . A pair of star-crossed lovers take their life . `` This version of William Shakespeare 's `` Romeo and Juliet '' is a masterpiece . If you have read the play , you 'll notice that the film version is very similar . The actors are very fitting for their characters . Up till this point in this play , directors were using older players . This version uses younger , more fitting actors and actresses . Juliet , played by actress Olivia Hussey , is a young , headstrong girl looking for love . Being that her parents , Lord and Lady Capulet , did n't provide her with much sensitivity and love , Juliet is forced to confide in her nurse . After Juliet finds love in Romeo , actor Leonard Whiting , she learns he is a Montague , her great enemy 's son . This devastates both Romeo and Juliet , but nothing will get in the way of their love for one another . The film takes us from the meeting of the title characters to the famous balcony scene . After this , Romeo 's friend Mercutio , actor John McEnery battles with Juliet 's cousin Tybalt , played by Michael York . He is slain and this starts a war between Tybalt and Romeo . `` I am fortune 's foe ! '' Romeo yells this after he kills Tybalt to avenge Mercutio , and then realizes that he is banished from fair Verona . This occurrence threatens Romeo and Juliet 's marriage . Another threat to their marriage is the proposal of Paris , actor Roberto Bisacco , to Juliet . Her father , of course , sees Paris as a noble man , worthy of his daughter 's hand in marriage . The proposal leaves Juliet to disappoint her mother and father , and the nurse thinks she should marry Paris , although she is already married to Romeo . Now Juliet is left to take desperate measures into her own hands . At Friar Lawrence 's cell , actor Milo O'Shea , Juliet insists on his help in the rejoining of her and Romeo . He sees she 's desperate and gives her a vial filled with a poison to make her seem dead , while she is really in a deep stage of sleep . He says Romeo will hear the news that she really is n't dead , he 'll come and she 'll wake . Their marriage should be renewed . As in any other tragedy , not all of the plans are carried out and death is the outcome . With death comes a sense of remorse , both in the Montague and Capulet families . The young actors give the audience a more realistic view of what Shakespeare wanted the characters to be . Hussey and Whiting perform Romeo and Juliet is the fashion in which Shakespeare intended . Both like love , want a little more of it , and will go to great lengths to obtain it . Many viewers argue that they are not truly in love with each other , but rather in lust . The time frame of the film and play is over the course of a couple days , and love usually takes longer to grow than that . None of the characters get enough sleep , and this may force them to act irrationally . You choose for yourself ; is `` Romeo and Juliet '' a story about true love or just a teenage crush ? Enjoy the film !
 This is the definitive Romeo & Juliet ! It 's so brilliantly made . Absolutely stunning . It 's so bitter sweet . Olivia Hussey is perfect and Leonard Whiting equals her in this timeless story . One of those extremely rare films that can bring me to tears ...
 Seeing this movie for the first time in third grade was a startling experience . Yet , now in ninth grade , I see that this movie was truly beautiful in every facet and everything from sets to stars were meticulously selected . As for Leonard Whiting , I liked what one other reviewer said ... BLOODY HOT , MAN !!! Anyway , it 's a movie not to be missed , and I left truly moved . The passion in this film is irresistable , and the story is THE most durable love story in history . Viva Romeo and Juliet !!!
 When I saw this movie , my 9th grade English class mostly put it down as `` Gay '' or `` Boring . '' I actually found it a very good movie . The actors and actresses play thier parts to perfection . And the music was absolutely fabulous . It gave a very emotional touch to the story .
 This movie is very good , I give it a 5 stars + + + . More movies should be made like this one . Leonard Whiting and Olivia Hussey are the best . Perfect couple for this role . A very sad love story .
 Hussey is the most beautiful woman on this earth , and Whiting is equally as handsome . That is all I have to say !
 `` Romeo , oh Romeo where for art thou Romeo ? '' I just watch this movie last night and Woah , was it awesome ! The actors , they do such a wonderful job in playing those parts . I cried at the end though , it 's just too sad . if Romeo would 've just waited two more minutes , Juliet would 've woken up and they could live happily ever after . I really loved this movie , and i think you will too !
 I think I have seen every Romeo & Juliet film ever made , but this is by far the best film ever made ! Shakespeare would approve .
 Beautiful . It is , just that simple . The story we know is epic . Olivia Hussey may have been the most beautiful young lady to ever grace the big screen . Watching this movie as a young man is one of my fondest memories .
 I just found this version again and I 'm still mesmerized by this production . There is simply no better . The first time I saw this was in high school and it has stuck with me ever since . I 've seen other movie versions and live stage performances , but nothing truly compares to Zeffirelli 's production and it is no wonder he was awarded the Academy Award for this work.The location , cinematography , design , detail , score and of course the actors make this a feast for the senses . Casting teenagers in the lead roles was moment of genius . Olivia Hussey as Juliet is perfection . Her angelic beauty and emotive performance is wonderful . You can see and feel every nuance of emotion throughout the play . Leonard Whiting 's equally spectacular performance as Romeo is an excellent complement . The chemistry between these two and the fantastic performances of the entire cast as a whole takes this from a watching a movie to an immersive experience.While I stumbled upon this again via a DVD rental subscription , I will be purchasing a copy in the very near future .
 I loved this movie when I first watched in in school and still love it today . DVD was perfect and was delivered fast .
 3 Movies For Less Than The Price Of 1 ! , Triple Feature DVD Was Brand New!When I Purchased It ! , What A Great Deal ! , A +
 Now available for the first time ever , get ready for Spongebob 's 3 DVD set that inculdes three DVD sets , they 'll be the only themed Spongebob DVD 's a Spongebob fan wants.Inculded in this spectaculer hoilday set is : SPONGEBOB SQUAREPANTS HALLOWEEN -LRB- this one is the 2011 version -RRB- Scaredy PantsImitation KrabsFrankendoodleI Was a Teenage GarySquidward the Unfriendly GhostThe Secret BoxBand GeeksWelcome to the Chum BucketMy Pretty SeahorseIdiot BoxSPONGEBOB SQUAREPANTS CHRISTMAS -LRB- this one is the 2008 version -RRB- Christmas Who?ProcrastinationSnowball EffectSurvival of the IdiotsMermaid Man and Barnacle Boy IVChocolate with NutsAs Seen on TVPizza DeliverySqueaky BootsTO LOVE A PATTYTo Love a PattyA Flea in Her DomeMermaid Man vs. SpongeBobLe Big SwitchThe Donut of ShameBlackJackBlackened SpongeBuy this only Spongebob 3-themed DVD gift set this Christmas . It 's a great boxset too .
 This film sets out to spoof Airplane disaster films and does a hilarious job . The original is still the best but this one has plenty to offer the spoof-fan . Many of the original cast members return in this one along with many new faces . What else can be said but to give it a try !?
 I love these Airplane movies , so funny . I could watch these for hours and never get bored of it . Classic .
 I remember seeing this movie as a teenager and remembering how funny it was , as was the original Airplane ! . My husband and I decided to buy it recently -LRB- 2008 -RRB- and have n't regretted it . The jokes are still funny even after all this time . Some of the younger crowd wo n't get some of the jokes -LRB- such as the gentleman singing `` The Love Boat '' -RRB- , but for those born before 1980 , it 's a riot.You must like physical humor and silly humor . If you do n't like that kind of humor - do n't bother .
 When the Air Travel Company has made a Plane that could go to the Moon ! But Ted -LRB- Robert Hays -RRB- is now a Mental Hostipal and he escaped from there , because he knows there ` s a flaw on that new Plane . Elaine is also on that Plane , now is up to Ted to save the Passengers and his Girlfriend but when a Terrorist -LRB- Sonny Bono -RRB- is in the airplane , he wants to Kill the Passengers and Kill Himself . The only man , who could help Ted is from the Moon ! , an air controller supervisior -LRB- William Snather -RRB- , who could save them.Directed by Ken Finkleman -LRB- Screenwriter of Grease 2 & Who ` s That Girl -RRB- made This sequel does n`t have the same laughs as the Original or Does n`t have the same style of direction from : Jim Abrahams , David and Jerry Zucker . Still , it was a Box Office Hit in 1982 . Snatner steals the film , when he ` s on Screen . Dumber than the Original but not Better . Grade : B + .
 Okay so the movie Airplane 2 is n't as funny as Airplane but it does have some funny scenes and if you are a Star Trek fan like myself then it is so worth watching this movie to see William Shatner do somewhat of a spoof of his whole Star Trek Captain Kirk image ! He really seems to have a great flair for comedy ! Hopefully now that a new special edition DVD is coming out for Airplane -LRB- Airplane - The Do n't Call Me Shirley Edition -RRB- that they will release a new special edition DVD for Airplane 2 - The Sequel .
 Who 'd have thought William Shatner could be funny -LRB- on purpose -RRB- ? Sometimes the comedy seems more forced than the first -LRB- which you MUST see -RRB- , but this is definitely a worthy sequel with plenty of laughs .
 `` Yes , yes I do . '' The sequel to Airplane ! has the same laugh a minute style as the original , which is surprising considering both films were written and directed by different people . The original was written , produced , and directed by Abrahams , Zucker , and Zucker -LRB- Naked Gun Films -RRB- and this sequel was written and directed by Ken Finkleman -LRB- Who 's that girl , Grease 2 -RRB- . Any way both films are very funny . The sequel picks up with the same characters . Striker -LRB- Hays -RRB- , now in a mental hopspital -LRB- because `` he 's sick . . sick . . sick '' is still in love with Elaine -LRB- Hagerty -RRB- and tries to persuade her to help stop the XR2300 lunar launch because he believes the ship is faulty . The shuttle launches anyway and the scenes on board switch to Striker 's court case which has to do with his flight `` over macho grande '' and his saving the Airplane ! in the original film . Next the plane starts to `` shimmy '' and the pilots are knocked out by the ship 's computer ROC -LRB- Like Hal from 2001 -RRB- . If that 's not enough , Sonny Bono has brought a bomb -LRB- not a buh , a bomb -RRB- and plans to blow everyone up because of his impotence problem . Striker is helped by none other than William Shatner -LRB- in a very funny preformance -RRB- to land the shuttle . Many funny characters make return appearances , especially Lloyd Bridges as McCroskey . The DVD is the widescreen version which is nice but there are no extras which is disappointing but both Airplane films are must haves regardless . `` They 're launching the XR2300 ! Do you know what that is Doctor ? '' `` The muffler bracket on a 79 ' Pinto ? '' `` No that 's the XR2200 , the XR2300 is the lunar shuttle ! '' `` Ted Striker . '' `` Do you know him , Sir ? '' `` Never heard of him . That 's not exactly true ... we were like brothers . '' `` Sir , these lights keep blinking out of sequence , what should we do ? '' `` Get them to blink in sequence . '' `` Ted Striker 's got more guts in his little finger than most of us do in our large intestine , including the colon ! ''
 You know what they say about sequels , they arent as good as the first one was . Well , this movie is an exception . It might even be better than the first airpane movie . You will be laughing histerically after you see this movie . A great thing about this movie is that it never gets old , and you can always find jokes that you did n't see the first time . You just cant go wrong with buying this movie . Just rent or buy it and see what i mean .
 I love this movie it is still as funny as the first movie and worthwile watching over and over again with bunch of buddies
 You 'll laugh your -LSB- ... -RSB- off . It sends up the 60s , the 70s , the 80s -LRB- which were just beginning -RRB- , pop culture , sci-fi , sequels , and its predecessor . I thought it was funnier than the original . Some people did n't . It 's not important . It 's hilarious . That 's important . It 's a keeper , same as the first movie . You know you 'll watch it over and over again and find things you missed before .
 This was a verrrry funny movie . Most cast members returned , and the ones who did n't -LRB- ex . Robert Stack -RRB- were n't missed . I was a huge fan of the first film , and was almost disaproving the fact that this was n't directed or written by the Zucker Abraham Zucker team . But the replacement did fine.Also note that William Shatner 's monolaugue was the funniest thing I 've heard in a long time .
 Airplane ! is back - only this time on space shuttle ! It 's a bit of a re-hash of the first Airplane ! movie . Still there are plenty of laughs and Captain Kirk himself -LRB- William Shatner -RRB- guest stars . Almost as funny as the first movie . And remember , keep an eye on the background action as well as for the other Sci-Fi movie references . If you bought the first one then get this too!I knew it was a bad day to switch to decaff ... : -RRB-
 41/2 stars Just as funny as the original these are 2 classic comedies . Too bad there was n't a part 3 like it says on the video tape .
 This movie as even better than the original Airplane ! -LRB- If that 's possible -RRB- It has the same kind of simple humor the made Airplane ! a classic . If you do n't love slapstick , DO NOT SEE THIS MOVIE . If slapstick is right up your alley , buy this movie . RIGHT NOW !
 another good movie , you can watch this many times without getting tired of it . Lots of jokes , play on words .
 Out of the late 70s and through the earliy eighties came some of the greatest comedies that man kind has ever known . Amoung them the Sequel to Airplane . A satire film dedicated to mocking disaster films -LRB- like Airport -RRB- , and in this case , space disasters as the cast and crew are off to the first settlement on the moon when a sabature reeks havick on the computer system . The computer goes hayware and once again Stryker must save the day . Although the plot of this movie is pretty much the same as the first there is a slugh of new gags , plus some old ones revisited that makes this movie a great companion to the original . Like the first the movie is filled with many-a-hillarious moments that will keep just about anyone laughing . There are a few time sensative gags that some might not understand if they were not around for that era , but not as many as the original or other movies from this era . I was very happy when I got this DVD . However a warning to parents
 A classic comedy movie that I had n't seen in a long time . Still funny when I watched it again . Glad to have it in my collection -LRB- along with it 's precursor -RRB- !
 Recipient loved it and plays it frequently . It really does n't take much to entertain some people . We 've certainly gotten our money 's worth .
 Great movie , but if you 've seen the first movie , some of the jokes may seem a bit similar . However , I still got a laugh out of it . One of the best parts is when the space shuttle is having problems , all the news reporters begin to report on the tragedy of the situation , except for the Soviet reporter , who reports with the gun held to his head and says
 This movie is awesome . Watching it brought back alot of memories from watching it with my family growing up . I love being able to find things like this on the internet . I found and bought the first Airplane movie in the store but was unable to find this one . This movie rocks !!
 I had n't seen Airplane II for at least 10 years but decided to buy a used DVD to add to my collection . This kind of movie fits my sense of humor - kinda silly and gross in places , but still a lot of laughs . The humor is definitely 1980s with some pop-culture references that were fun to me , but would probably go over the heads of my grown children . It was also fun to see some of the actors that I had n't seen in a few years . Even my wife , who was n't looking forward to it , was laughing in some places . Not a cinematic masterpiece , but a fun time .
 This is a very funny sequel that 's just as hilarious as the original ! I love all the jokes , gags , slapstick , and cameos ! Ted Striker has been wrongfully put in an insane asylum because the lunar shuttle crashed during a test flight with Ted as the test pilot . He warned that it is a ` death trap ' but no one believes him . On the night it 's being launched , Ted breaks out and tries to stop it . The computer of the shuttle takes over , and the crew have been taken out . Ted and Elaine must once again save the people on board from being flown toward the sun , and this time , without any coffee ! I highly recommend AIRPLANE II
 Hysterical movie . If you are down , pop this in the DVD and lift your spirits . Great fun , just like the original !
 I DID N'T THINK THAT THEY COULD MAKE A SEQUEL THAT WOULD BE AS GOOD AND FUNNY AS THE FIRST !!! NONE STOP LAUGHTER !!! FOR ALL AGES AND ALL SOCIAL LEVELS FROM BLONDS TO ROCKET SCIENTIST !!! WELL KNOWN AND LOVED BY ACTUAL PILOTS AND ANY IN THE AIRLINES WORK FORCE !!!
 This movie is fantastic , as good as as the original one ! I bought this tape and I was expecting a version I once watched on TV . The version contained in this tape IS NOT THE EXTENDED VERSION I watched that time on TV featuring 15 minutes more of film . I am expecting a DVD version from Paramount of Airplane II with all the deleted scenes in a soon future !
 The first one is better than the sequel , of course , but at this price how could you pass it up ? These movies are great !
 Airplane 2 is a great movie that doesnt butcher the idea of airplane . It has more jokes and even some better spoofs . Highly recommended for lovers of spoofs .
 Yes , Airplane 2 The Sequel is funnier than it 's predecessor . Contrary to popular opinion , none of the jokes were recycled from the first film for the Sequel . The funniest moments in this movie include Ted Strikers escape from the sanitarium , Sonny Bono 's Character purchasing a time bomb from an AIRPORT GIFT SHOP , and then Ted Striker 's not so subtle Revealing of the `` problem '' that Sonny Bono 's character suffers from . Just remember the other great joke regarding this `` problem '' and half the men in the room upon hearing upon a treatment center for this problem say `` we 're familiar with it '' . HOW is that not funny ???? I mean Jeez ! This movie is EASILY funnier ! From beginning to end ! I mean it 's a laugh a minute of hysterical non-stop hilarity ! I ca n't say anymore without giving away some of the best jokes , but William Shatner 's appearance towards the end of the film gives the film a great feel too . Yes , airplane II
 Apart from THE CONCORDE - AIRPORT ' 79 , this is my favourite film of the series .
 Movie : Original Airplane + variations of the same jokes + Battlestar Galactica theme + William Shatner = a very good sequel . I think Einstein came up with that equation and i would have to agree . I enjoyed Airplane 2 as much as the first , if not more believe it or not , just for reasons mentioned above -LRB- your mileage may vary -RRB- . The sequel is just basically more of the same taking place on a space shuttle.DVD : But you can find better , more in-depth , scholarly reviews of the film from others . I 'm here to discuss the new `` I love the 80 's '' dvd version . Not much to discuss really . It 's an 84 minute -LRB- the cut version -RRB- , bare bones , widescreen edition with basic chapter/set-up options -LRB- english or french audio and english subtitles -RRB- ... and that 's it . Picture quality is not that good . So it 's not a special or new edition by any means , unless you count new cover art as special cause i do n't . If you got a previous version , no need to update.CD : However , i picked up my copy for $ 7.50 at a certain retail outfit with the bullseye logo -LRB- ok it was Target , they 're affiliated with Amazon so i think it 's ok to mention them -RRB- . They had a section dedicated to this ` new ' 80 's dvd series and every one of them had a sticker for it advertising a free bonus `` limited edition cd '' . There are only 4 songs on it , but 4 very good choices : Echo & the Bunnymen 's `` Lips Like Sugar '' -LRB- awesome -RRB- Erasure 's `` Chains of Love '' -LRB- excellent -RRB- INXS 's `` Need You Tonight '' -LRB- very cool -RRB- A-Ha 's `` Take On Me '' -LRB- never heard of it -RRB- Overall : The movie i recommend as a comedy or if you enjoyed the first and basically want more . The 80 's series dvd version i recommend only if you do n't have a previous version on dvd , cause they really have n't added anything new by way of special features or remastering . The new artwork and 4-song bonus cd is not really a big incentive either , and let 's face it ... if you 're an 80 's fan you 'd have those songs anyway -LRB- except for the A-Ha song , i hear that 's pretty rare -RRB- .
 Airplane II
 In reading the list of reviews posted here , it 's clear that many who have reviewed this film , just plain do n't get it . For starters , Airplane One is perhaps the greatest comedy every made . To put this movie down by comparing it to the original is like saying every new film that comes out stinks because it 's not quite as good as Citizen Kane.The second mistake people make is to point out the places where this movie continues jokes from Airplane 1 . These items are re-used for one simple reason , BECAUSE THEY WERE HILARIOUS !!! One thing to remember is that in '80 & ' 82 , VCRs and rental stores had not completely taken root in popular culture . When this movie came out in 1982 , it 's not like the fans of the first had been sitting around watching the video over and over again for a year leading up to it -- They had been sitting around for two years talking about the funniest movie they had ever seen . They continued the humor in the same way that Saturday Night Live did A LOT more than ONE episode of Hans and Franz , or Chris Farley 's motivational speaker.If you buy this movie , just watch it , and enjoy it ; not for what it is n't , but what it is . Slapstick has never been done as well as in the two Airplane movies . `` Check it bleed , the bro was ON ! Did n't trip , but the folks was freakin ' man ! Hey , and the pilots were laid to the bone , holmes ! So blood hammered out and jammed jip , sheeeeet ... Tighented that bad sucka ` side the runway like a mutha ... Sheeeet -LRB- golly -RRB- . ''
 I loved the first Airplane ! and this was pretty good too :-RRB- But something was missing from this to take it to the top of my movie list . Maybe Leslie Neilsen not being in the cast had something to do with it but overall this movie is a great Saturday night treat : -RRB- A lot of the jokes are funny and I love the physical and visual gags that they do just like in the original.Overall I 'd say rent it , buy it cheap , or watch it on TV . If you liked the first you 'll probably like this one too , but as with my suggestion when watching Monty Python 's Holy Grail , you might want to be high when you watch it
 This is a more futuristic version of the original Airplane movie with A few different people and a few different jokes while keeping to the original formula.Not as surprising as the first , but still worth watching . People who made their living being heroes including Lloyd Bridges -LRB- Sea Hunt -RRB- , Leslie Nielsen -LRB- Forbidden Planet -RRB- , Raymond Burr -LRB- Perry Mason -RRB- , now let their hair down in this thought provoking sequel.This may have contributed to the conversion of William Shatner from Captain Kirk -LRB- Star Trek - The Original Series , Episode 28
 As in the original AIRPLANE , there are so many sight gags and one liners going on , it 's hard to keep up with them , but the movie made me laugh a lot . Comparing it to the original is natural , but given we have a different director and a different approach , it is best to let it stand on its own . And I found it did for me.Robert Hays and Julie Hagerty are back as the starstruck lovers and the bit where she removes her bobby pin to give to Hays is truly funny . Stephen Shucker is back , although he 's not used as much , but his one liners are still hilarious . Peter Graves returns as the pilot who likes little boys ; Lloyd Bridges is back as the flight commander ; Chuck Connors and William Shatner are fun in their brief roles , and we get nice bits from Chad Everett , Raymond Burr , Rip Torn , John Dehner and John Vernon.I like this corny type of humor , for some reason , but when a movie makes me laugh this much , who cares about its faults ?
 The redundantly-titled -LRB- on purpose , of course -RRB- AIRPLANE 2 - THE SEQUEL -LRB- 1982 -RRB- follows the rapid-fire , gag-a-second style of the original AIRPLANE ! -LRB- 1980 -RRB- so well that , although it does n't come close to matching the original for laughs , it 's amazing that it was made without any input at all from the ZAZ boys -LRB- Jerry Zucker-Jim Abrahams-David Zucker -RRB- whatsoever -- no writing , no directing , nada ! It was in fact written and directed by just one man
 No , I will never be over Mucho Grande ... those wounds run awful deep.In a galaxy far , far , far , far , far , far , far , far , far away , the lovely Princess smiled as she saw the knight enter her room . The princess took off her dress , revealing her lovely round ... Wait a minute ! This is Airplane II , not star wars ! This movie is just as good as the oringal , and has more one liners ! `` We all have our little blinking buttons '' `` Over Mucho Grande ? '' `` Ted Striker got more guts in him than we got in our little finger , INCLUDING THE COLON ! ''
 It was always going to struggle to follow in the footsteps of the classic Airplane ! , but I was pleasantly suprised in the quality of the jokes in this follow up . What made the original so successful was its irritatingly funny , completely obvious , oh-so-crude humour , and thankfully this follow up does the trick just as well . Your funnybone will be well and truly tickled , and you will spend hours afterwards reciting your favourite parts to everyone . Then you will go and see it again and find it even better . To sum it up , it is a ` never-get-bored-with - film ' . Go get it . Your video will thank you for it .
 No movie can top the original Airplane ! It took me sometime to realize that part of the gag of this movie is that it replays the same gag over and over again -LRB- `` She has to get to hospital ! '' , `` hospital ? what is it ? '' , `` it 's a big building with patients in it , but that 's not important right now ! '' -RRB- William Shatner provides the funniest 20 minutes you will find anywhere !
 Not as good as the original but still makes you laugh.The difference between this one and the orignal is that the orignal caught you off guard it had a new joke that you have never heard before , in each scene , while in this one the jokes feel forced and drawn but it still has the ability to make you split your sides with laughter .
 I happened to catch this on tv the other day with Airplane ! before it . One word sums up this movie
 I love this movie , a classic and surpisingly very hard to find , it is a gift so I am glad I found it here : -RRB-
 It was a funny movie and I enjoyed it so much I gave it to my Grandson for his collection .
 Another in a long line of hilarious spoofs done by the `` Zucker Brothers '' and their partner Abrams - This `` ZAZ '' -LRB- Zucker-Abrams-Zucker -RRB- film joins the ranks of it 's bretheren like Top Secret ! Airplane ! and the Naked Gun series as a heck of a good time . From the opening credits done in scrolling `` Star Wars '' style set to the original Battlestar Galactica theme all the way to the William Shatner over-the-top ending , Airplane II
 Grab your bag of peanuts and get ready to take another flight aboard Airplane . It all starts with the theme from the TV series `` Battlestar Gallactica '' . All-star cast includes the return of Robert Hays , Julie Hagerty , Lloyd Bridges and Peter Graves with Oliver Robins , David Leisure , George Wendt , Chad Everett , John Dehner , Rip Torn , John Vernon , Raymond Burr , Chuck Connors , Jack Jones , Sonny Bono , Kent McCord , James A. Watson Jr. , James Noble , Ann M. Nelson , Donn Porter , Louise Sorel , Pat Sajak , Gail Matthius , Art Fleming , William Shatner , Herve Villechaize and many more . They never made a third film . DVD contains no extras or bonuses .
 Airplane II is just as funny as the first . This time , they 're not on a plane , but a lunar shuttle . Elaine has a new boyfriend , Simon -LRB- who later turns to jelly -RRB- , and Ted Striker wants her back.The jokes are similar to the first - which makes it even funnier.Elaine is on the speaker to the passengers telling them the lunar shuttle is off course just `` a tad '' and someone asks what exactly a `` tad '' is , and she replies `` 90000000 miles and we 're heading straight for the sun ! '' which causes chaos ... Funny stuff!If you liked airplane , you 'll love airplane II . .
 Another fantastic movie . Airplane ! was fabulous this one was almost just as good . Instead of a plane we have a space shuttle and this is set in futuristic times . One thing this movie missed was the presence of Leslie Nielsen -LRB- except in a flashback from the first movie -RRB- . Once again I 'd have to say Stephen Stucker had many of the movies funniest lines in his role as Jacobs . William Shatner replaces Robert Stack in the role of talking Striker down ... however I think Stack was a little better . Nevertheless this is a very , very funny movie . Keeps you laughing from the beginning to the end .
 This is a more futuristic version of the original Airplane movie with A few different people and a few different jokes while keeping to the original formula.Not as surprising as the first , but still worth watching . People who made their living being heroes including Lloyd Bridges -LRB- Sea Hunt -RRB- , Leslie Nielsen -LRB- Forbidden Planet -RRB- , Raymond Burr -LRB- Perry Mason -RRB- , now let their hair down in this thought provoking sequel.This may have contributed to the conversion of William Shatner from Captain Kirk -LRB- Star Trek - The Original Series , Episode 28
 Along with its predecessor , Airplane 2 is one of the classic comedies of all time . Both of these movies have the knack of never allowing a dull , lagging moment to slip through ; there 's always something hilarious happening , and usually more than one thing at once -LRB- watch the backgrounds -RRB- . It 's a toss up for me as to which of the pair I like more -- they 're both top-notch .
 Do n't worry , there are still lots of laughs ! It 's the same type of humor as the first one . I love the scenes where they translate the jive in the subtitles .
 This is just as good as the original ! If you liked the original , you 'll love this one !
 Item arrived before dates given & as described . I would recommend this product and would gladly do business in the future
 Like other Wild Animal Baby DVD , this easy to understand wild animals DVD is one of my 3-year-old daughter 's favorite . She loves animated characters in the series as well !
 Wild Animal Baby is the DVD sensation that has children laughing and smiling at the antics of Izzy the Owl , Rosie the River Otter , Sandy the Salamander and Skip the Rabbit as they learn about the natural world . Brought to you by the National Wildlife Federation and featuring high-quality animation combined with live action footage , these endearing main characters make learning fun ! A winner of the distinguished iParenting Media Award.The Wild Animal Baby series will soon be airing on PBS Kids -LRB- 2010 -RRB- - stay tuned for all the new , fun filled episodes coming your way!The National Wildlife Federation -LRB- NWF -RRB- is America 's largest conservation organization protecting wildlife for our children 's future . NWF publishes three award-winning children 's magazines
 I bought this DVD and the 3 others in the same series about 3 years ago when my kids were younger . They loved them right away and they still watch and love them now -LRB- they 're 4 and 5 now -RRB- . So I bought a second set for one of my friends who just had a baby . Each DVD features 3 little stories , 15 minutes each so you can decide to let them watch as little as 15 minutes or as much as 45 minutes , according to their age or attention span . The DVDs mix real footage of animals and nature settings with animation , and it 's very well made . It finds the right balance between entertainment and education , and it 's totally age-appropriate ; you do n't have to stand guard with the remote in hand ready to fast-forward through some -LRB- even if very slightly -RRB- scary or inappropriate part that I still find regularly in many of the classic kid 's DVDs .
 If you are interested in a truly great movie , representative of a historical period of time , early 1900s in China -- this is it !!! The sets , costumes and plot make this a MUST and HAVE TO purchase DVD for anyone who is interested in Chinese culture . Fascinating !!!! Do n't be bothered that there are subtitles , they are written well . However , the acting is superb and communicates beyond the Mandarin . This surpasses Crouching Tiger , Hidden Dragon ten fold for anyone who is interested in a Chinese-made movie that is not merely martial arts . One of the best movies that I have ever seen , equivalent to The Last Emperor . For all ages !!! For technophiles like myself , this is fascinating to watch -- the introduction of photography and moving pictures in China .
 Usually I use the term `` feel good '' movie as a pejorative but not in this case . This is a slightly fictionalized version of the difficulties of the first Chinese film maker Liu . Having suffered humiliation at the hands of foreign colonialism , the Chinese are understably a bit xenophobic around the turn of the 20th Century . Liu has to struggle against this tendancy and the rigid confucianism of his day to follow his passion ... film making.In addition to the interesting historical and biographical material of this film , we also get a glimpse at our own fascination with film ... there is nothing new in film that does n'texist all around us ... but film viewing allows us time to just sit still and take notice . Everyone will love this film!Thomas
 Only at the beginning of this movie do you strain with captions . As you progress they become almost second nature and you are transported into the story.I was surprised as the basic story on the surface seems to tell of how people deal with new technology . This is the introduction of moving pictures or `` Shadow Magic . `` The reality of the story is the friendship of two people Raymond Wallace -LRB- Jared Harris -RRB- , Liu Jinglun -LRB- Xia Yu -RRB- , and their relation ship to others . Raymond is dumped by his wife for someone with money ; yet finds his self and future in the making of film . Liu is in a rigid culture , including family and friends , which is trying to force him into marring a rich widow instead of the young aristocrat girl Liu Jinglun -LRB- Yufei Xing -RRB- he loves.Can Liu over come the culture and individual prejudices or will he re-assimilate ? And what is to become of Raymond?Though , short of a tear jerker , you will still get involved with their lives and marvel at the cinematography .
 Loosely based on the Chinese cinema history , `` Shadow Magic '' portrays the people surrounding the first showing of moving picture in Beijing , China in 1902 . But the film is more about the fictional chacaters involved in it rather than about the event itself , so do not expect any historical accuracy . And `` Shadow Magic '' succeeds as the former kind of picture.Jared Harris -LRB- son of late Richard Harris -RRB- is in the film as a British entrepreneur Raymond Wallace , who is eagar to make some money , showing the films he brought from the West , but , good as he is , it is not Harris who carries the whole picture . It is Chinese actor Xia Yu as Liu , a technician at photography studio who is really remarkable in `` Shadow Magic , '' and he is just wondeful . Liu , interested in anything new from the West , is a kind of misfit in the traditional Chinese society , and naturally , is the first one to get hooked by the idea of Raymond -- showing the `` Shadow Magic '' in China . They gradually begin to understand each other , and the rapport between these likable fellows is definitely the best part of the show.The story written by director Ann Hu , I must say , needs some trimming , sometimes filled with clithed moments . And some viewers object to the way the Chinese society or culture is depicted here , claiming inaccuracy in the film . Probably , the film 's director Ann Hu is already conscious of that , for she is born in China , and lived through the time of Revolution and Chiarman Mao , and then she left the country to study abroad , in USA where she lives now . Any production designs should be taken , I assume , as her own creations . If the story or atomosphere of the film looks like a blend of the West and the East , it is probably her intention , or the result of her cultural background . And I just do not think that the portrayals of Chinese people are seen through patronizing eye of Westerners . True , they sometimes suffer from clithe , but fairly done , showing enough variety of people among them , avoiding one-dimentional characterization of the East.The most moving scene of the film is , of course , the first moment in which the people first see the picture and react joyfully . You might have heard some famous episodes about the first viewers in Paris cafe where the Lumiere Brothers showed a short film of a train arriving at the station . The same thing happens to the Chinese people . The theme is thus universal.And again I say , the most joyful experience for us is to see the truly believable character of young Liu , who must decide his way of life between the two cultures . His character and the performance of Xia Yu well deserve the name of `` Shadow Magic . ''
 I enjoyed the heck out of this movie , but even if I did not , the best part is that the Chinese spoken is easy to understand . The actors speak very clearly and the captioning actually is in the frames where the speaking occurs . The sound tracking is very clean . I have been watching a lot of Chinese films while I learn to speak Chinese.Too many times it is impossible to follow the voices . This film is great for voice clarity . speed of speaking , lack of complex sentences , and tracking . You can even hear the tonality of the language . A real blessing to begining suffering student .
 What an interesting movie - a real find . Very intelligently written and beautifully executed , the movie `` reflects '' the birth of motion pictures and how mysterious and wonderful it appeared to people experiencing it for the first time .
 A must see movie suitable for all ages . Excellent fotography of real people and scenic geography of the Great Wall . The magic lies in the hearts and eyes of both the Chinese and one Raymond Wallace - the Englishman who introduced the movie camera technology to China during early 1900 's . The movie contains both historical facts of that time and the complexity of human relations whenever `` East '' meets `` West '' .
 This film depicts the early efforts to introduce motion pictures to China . It is done with great gentleness and warmth and reflects a deep love of Cinema . The cinematography is great , as other of the new films from china -LRB- like Raise The Red Lantern and King of Masks -RRB- and it reflects the role of cinema in our lives much as Cinema Paradisio did . It is one of the warmest and most enjoyable films I have seen in years . I ca n't imagine it not being a strong contender for an Oscar as Best Foreign Film . The philosophy of the Chinese film maker profiled -LRB- who really did make the first Chinese film -RRB- is much like the Don McClean line `` Weathered faces lined with pain are soothed beneath the artists loving hand '' . You should see this !
 I rented this film over the weekend , having never heard of it before . It was a beautiful film about figuring out who you are , and finding the strength and courage to make what you want of your life.I like how the film was half in Chineese and half in English , and did n't worry too much about forcing the use of one language or the other . As the story itself is about east meeting west , this duality of language gave me the opportunity to experience more personally the events in the film.I simply loved this movie , and loved how it left me feeling
 I can not help but noticing the striking colorful images the scenes provided . Just framing the scenes would have created a beautiful picture . Although the settings were a little to clean and new , the costumes were excellent . This 2000 turn of the century story with inspiration and love is directed by Ann Hu . Watch the commentary by Hu for wonderful insight into the making of the film . Like most Eastern movies , this is clean and something for the whole family.The story dates to 1902 China . A young man , Liu , is so inspired by western technology and moving pictures , that he submits himself to become the assistant to a traveling English photographer . With persistence , he succeeds and the townspeople become delighted with images of themselves . The conflict arises when Liu is in love with the famed opera star 's daughter . He does n't want to jeopardize his position.This film is lengthy , beautiful images , sepia tone and striking reds and shadows . The subtitles are displayed for easy reading . Stick with it for a glimpse into the past ... Rizzo
 I loved this movie , and I wish I knew who the person was that invented `` Shadow magaic '' because if it was n't for that person we might not have movies right know . I love the history I say this is a must see movie .
 It is so dramatically painful to read the reviews written by people from USA . It is literally incredible to see how big is the amount of idiot annotations about the weakness of the plot , how tall is the mountain of stupid comments about the director choice of making a documentary movie without any focalization on the private lives of the two main characters -LRB- ??? -RRB- , how deep is the sea of useless hypothesis about the real development of facts . -LRB- Is it necessary to remember that the plot had not been taken from a novel ? -RRB- . This kind of discoveries make me actually convinced that the amount of ignorance is also huge , even if I am really surprised at least three or four people decided to see such film . This movie tells something about the recent hystory of USA
 why can not I find Sacco & Vanzetti in DVD format ?
 I saw this on TV , here in Australia a long time ago and only recently again on Pay TV and have straight away placed it in my shopping cart . It is the magnificent story of an Englishman who after learning he is the barstard son of another man is disinherited . He is then falsely accused of the murder of his true father and the theft of a watch and sent to a Penal colony in Van Diemen 's Land -LRB- Now Tasmania -RRB- for the term of his natural life . It shows his struggle for freedom against the tyranny of British rule and countless altercations with other prisoners and a particular Prison officer . He saves the life of the Commandents daughter , but is tricked and sent back to prison . He strives for freedom and a possible return to England so he can reunite with his mother . It is a long program over 5hrs , possibly best watched over a couple of nights . Though if you 're like me wo n't be able to turn it off .
 Colin Friels is probably less known or acclaimed internationally than his wife Judy Davis . His effort in this miniseries though early in his career should have him right up there equally recognized . A great story and a miniseries collectable .
 Great job . Anyone who read the book would know there is no way to do the whole thing on screen , but what a terrific job they did . I think even a novice would still understand the movie without the insider knowledge left out from the book .
 Why is it so easy to see the injustices of the penal system of other countries in other times but so hard to do anything about our own ? In the future , perhaps some of what are in the present considered to be &#34; crimes &#34; will be obsolete . But I digress . This miniseries from Australia was very well-made , and the performances are very good . I do think that the billing was a bit misleading . The star is Colin Friels . Anthony Perkins is listed first , but he is more of a guest star , his screen time is only about half an hour . Still , this is a welcome addition to my collection .
 Saw this mini series many years ago and enjoyed it very much . Was glad to come across it finally on DVD .
 This is one of those films that , if you 're switching channels and you land on this one , you ca n't stop watching until the very end , no matter how many times you 've seen it before . It 's like hypnosis . And every time I watch it , I still get caught up in the suspense of whether or not Elizabeth Taylor -LRB- `` Kay '' -RRB- is going to have the perfect wedding or not . My head knows that it will turn out all right , but my heart ca n't help worry for her and especially for poor Spencer Tracy as dear old Stanley Banks , the man who 's having to give up the dearest thing in his life , and having to pay for the privilege of doing so!Some people say that Spencer Tracy could play anything ; I 'm not one of them , and I find him pretty hokey or uneven in some of his parts . But for this kind of light comedy with a lot of heart , there was no one better . I also find his chemistry with the lovely Joan Bennett the equal of his famous screen relationship with Katharine Hepburn ; he seems just as much at ease with Bennett as he was with Hepburn . -LRB- In this regard it 's funny to watch the Cukor version of LITTLE WOMEN , with Hepburn as Jo and Bennett -- still a blonde -- as Amy , and to think that both of them would have Spencer Tracy in their future . -RRB- I know people who like the remake with Steve Martin and Martin Short , but it never captured my attention the way this one does . When I 'm flicking the remote and Steve Martin 's on , I just silently click again till I get something I want to see .
 `` Father of the Bride '' , is a total delight from beginning to end blessed as it is with one of the most splendid performances delivered by veteran actor Spencer Tracy in a career littered with fine work . It has quite rightfully earned the status of `` classic '' and despite it 's firm place in 1950 's America , it 's quite simple premise of one families experience with the nightmare of a wedding `` out of control '' , is one which still can be identified with even in the present day . It was the first of two wonderful teamings that Spencer Tracy had with his favourite `` screen daughter '' Elizabeth Taylor and their warm professional and personal regard for each other translates into some terrific screen chemistry in their roles of in-love daughter planning her dream wedding , and harassed father becoming totally traumatised by the expense and size of the affair as it grows bigger by the minute.MGM studios pulled out all the stops to make this film one of their major productions for 1950 and being by tradition the `` family Studio '' they were ideally suited to bring this story of the ideal family wedding to the screen . Based on a very popular novel of the same title by Edward Streeter it does indeed tell a simple story but laces the proceedings with many highly amusing incidents that most people who have experienced planning a wedding can identify with . Spencer Tracy plays Stanley Banks a prosperous Lawyer who finally it seems has every thing he wants in life , a lovely wife , house fully paid for , a beautiful daughter in college and two young sons . Suddenly he finds his whole cosy existence turned upside down when one evening his cherished daughter Kay -LRB- Elizabeth Taylor , never more lovely -RRB- , announces that she is to be married and immediately Stanley finds himself swept into a whirlpool of wedding preparations designed to drive even the most sane individual into madness . As the date of the wedding approaches the original plans for a `` quiet family wedding with just a few friends '' , balloons out into a major production and Stanley finds his sanity put to the extreme test as he has to deal with huge bills , snobby wedding consultants , irrate removalists , bills for invitations , bridemaids gifts , and reluctantly a new tuxedo . He has to share his house with a mounting pile of wedding gifts , some in questionnable taste like Aunt Hattie 's Venus de Milo Clock and faces the chore of deciding who can actually be cut out of the invitation list to save costs without some offense being taken . Naturally along the way there are fights , disputes over the mounting costs and the absolute fright when suddenly Kay calls off the whole show when her fiance Buckley Dunstan fails to say he loves her often enough ! The dreaded occasion of actually having to meet the `` in laws '' also causes poor Stanley no end of grief and the meeting ends with him getting totally drunk relating stories of Kay as a young girl to her propective in - laws . When everything is finally in place after months of wedding plans , engagement parties and rehearsals for the big day , followed by the giant wedding that Ellie -LRB- Joan Bennett -RRB- had always wanted herself but never had , Stanley finally realises that he is being robbed of the one thing that he cherishes most in life , his beloved daughter Kay , the apple of his eye , and realises that things will never be the same for he and Ellie again.With a narration delivered by Spencer Tracy which makes wry observations about the proceedings at hand , `` Father of the Bride '' , is a highly amusing showcase for his supreme talents as a comic actor which often are forgotten in the light of his countless power house dramatic performances . Nominated for an Academy Award for his wonderful performance as was the film for Best Picture Tracy has never been better than here as we witness with an almost horrified amusement how Stanley 's existence spins out of control . Joan Bennett , a frequent co star of Tracy 's back at Fox in the 1930 's here makes a belated MGM debut as Stanley 's wife who gets caught up in all the arrangements for the wedding . Her work with Tracy is magical and it 's one of her best later day performances . Her scene dealing with cutting down the invitation list but still wanting to include her Garden Club members as she is due for re-election is priceless . Elizabeth Taylor absolutely shines in the role of Kay and was there ever a more lovely bride seen on screen ? Made just prior to her first real life wedding Elizabeth is wonderfully alive as the excited young girl facing marriage and her terrific screen chemistry with Spencer Tracy is a joy and contributes greatly to the more emotional points in the story . A sterling supporting cast so typical of MGM is gathered here , from the `` in-laws '' , Billie Burke and Moroni Olsen , through to the stuffy disapproving wedding planner Leo G. Carroll in a superb performance who succeeds in a number of highly amusing scenes to ruffle Stanley 's already quite tattered feathers . Directed with gusto by famed director Vincente Minnelli during his golden period at MGM the film was a huge success at the Box Office aided as it was by Elizabeth Taylor 's real life nuptials a few months later . Being a major production for that year there is great expertise in every department from Pandro S. Berman producing , art direction by veteran Cedric Gibbons and stunning costume design , in particular for Elizabeth Taylor 's beautiful wedding gown created by designer Helen Rose.Remade in the 1990 's , the 1950 version of `` Father of the Bride '' , is still unsurpassed and preserves forever Spencer Tracy 's classic performance which could not be equalled . Passed off by many as now being dated I feel the humour and the situations still ring very true to anyone who has gone through planning a wedding . This terrific film was followed by an enjoyable sequel the following year `` Father 's Little Dividend '' which continued on the trials and tribulations of Stanley Banks now facing the prospect of becoming a Grandfather with amusing results . Both make great classic viewing but this film is the gem of the two and should not be missed .
 Spencer Tracy is the whole show in this story of a man who faces the ordeal of his daughter 's wedding , an affair that grows to be much more than he ever expected it to be . Caterers , clothes , decorations , guest lists , and especially an escalating cost give him endless headaches , not to mention the fact he will be losing his only daughter . Tracy is excellent in a role that moves between being the voice of reason to being the voice that stirs up more trouble . He 's very funny and his natural acting style makes him the perfect everyman / typical father . Joan Bennett stars as his wife , in her glory planning the wedding she never had , and she 's very good . An incredibly beautiful Elizabeth Taylor is the bride , and it seems very ironic watching her in a movie about weddings ! The humour is real since it is based in human nature , and so many of Tracy 's frustrations over the wedding are still valid today . It 's a very good film .
 `` Father of the bride '' , starring Spencer Tracy and Elizabeth Taylor and Joan Bennett is just magical . It 's basically the story of a young girl who 's anouncing to her parents -LRB- Tracy and Bennett -RRB- , that she is getting married at age 20 , to a young man they hardly know . the news comes has a shock to her father , who 's afraid of losing her . And the whole process of planning the marriage comes along . Bennett wants a big wedding for her daughter , to replace the one she never had . But Tracy does n't want to ruin himself , and tries to keep the wedding as cheap as possible though it does n't quite come to this . The movies is fun , charming and just as magical as a Tracy film can be . Tracy never acted really but impersonnated his values and morals through passionnate characters that believed in what they were saying and stucked to it . And in this particular performance , he 's more vulnerable , than we 've seen before , showing the real depth of what a father goes through when is daughter gets married . Because as he says in the film , A son does n't mean the same to a father than a daughter . And that 's what the movie is all about . The relationship between a father and a duaghter , in between the constant love of a mother .
 I 've always liked the Steve Martin remake of this film , but have never seen the original . Now that I have , I can honestly say that the remake is nowhere near the quality of this wonderful film . Spencer Tracy as always is amazing in the lead role as Stanley Banks . He singlehandedly carries the film with his `` every man '' persona , and loads of charm . Liz Taylor shows her acting chops here , at just 18 years of age , and the rest of the cast is just terrific . Direction is by Vincente Minelli is tight and lively . He keeps things moving , even though the film may have a leisurely pace . I highly recommend it to anyone who longs for the innocence of the days long gone .
 ` Father of the Bride ' is a film to warm your heart , a beautiful tale of fatherly affections and the bond that is formed , at times silently , between a father and his daughter . There are n't many father/daughter films , the majority of the father films made have to deal with the bond between a father and his son , so it is nice to see a film like ` Father of the Bride ' . Where Steve Martin 's 1991 remake of this classic was far more centered on the comedic aspects , going the slapstick route in parts , this 1950 original is far more reserved and ultimately far more rewarding.For those of you not familiar with the plot , ` Father of the Bride ' -LRB- as if the title was self-explanatory -RRB- tells the story of Stanley Banks . Stanley opens the film slumped over in a chair , broken glass and debris on the floor , and he proceeds to recite a monologue about weddings . You see , Stanley has just endured his daughter 's wedding , and he is about to relay to you the events that led up to that fateful day . Stanley has two boys , but he only has one daughter ; Kay . Kay is young and charming and beautiful . Kay is in love , with Buckley Dunstan , a boy whom Stanley is unaware of . Stanley is n't keen on the idea of his precious little girl getting married , but soon he corralled into planning the extravagant wedding he did n't want while his wife goes a little crazy with the idea . As the day looms over his head , he begins to warm to the idea , if only to see his daughter truly happy.And then he has to back away from the bride and take his seat next to his wife.UGH.I was not expecting the sublime quality of this film . I mean , I like the 1991 remake and all , but it is n't even in the same caliber as this Vincente Minnelli charmer . The tones here are far more subtle and the humor is allowed to sneak up on you . It hits you in all the right ways , giving you an overwhelming feeling of nostalgia ; as if their life were a beautiful mirror into your own . The scenes are set up with a splendid crispness , and the performances are uniformly superb . Elizabeth Taylor was the image of perfection ; an iconic beauty -LRB- one of the most beautiful human beings ever created -RRB- and she shines with such delicious purity . For an actress wholly confident in her sexuality , Taylor tones things down to create a young girl filled with bridled innocence . Joan Bennett is just outstanding was Ellie , Kay 's mother . Her stares alone are comedic genius -LRB- the drunk scene , at the Dunstan 's home ... priceless -RRB- , but she also has moments of such tender emotion , like when she confides in her husband her shattered dreams of a lavish wedding . But , this film is all about Spencer Tracy ; one of the finest actors to ever grace the big screen . His paternal naturalness is so tender and endearing , and his eyes , the way they ` take in ' a scene , he 's just spellbinding . Every movement he makes is grounded in an authenticity ; etching out for us a man who is an ` every-man ' . His concern for his daughter 's happiness and the pain in his heart for the loss of her innocence is breathtakingly sincere.You can feel him.At the end of the day , ` Father of the Bride ' is a treasure . This is one to make a grown man cry -LRB- it happened -RRB- , especially if you have that little wonder in your life that you dread ` giving away ' .
 `` I would like to say a few words about weddings . '' Spencer Tracy does it again , nominated for his fourth of nine `` Best Actor Academy Awards '' is nothing short of amazing . While Elizabeth Taylor captivates you with her witty persona and stunning beauty . And yes , this is the B/W version , not the poorly colorized version which another reviewer suggests . You will not regret this `` Bargain '' of a timeless classic !
 Father of the Bride is a charming story about a young woman -LRB- Elizabeth Taylor -RRB- who gets engaged to a man -LRB- Don Taylor -RRB- , and then marries him . It is told from the father 's perspective -LRB- Spencer Tracy -RRB- as he reluctantly watches his daughter rely on another man . His reluctance is manifested in his overall discomfort with the wedding planning , which his daughter and wife -LRB- Joan Bennett -RRB- are wholeheartedly enthusiastic about.Elizabeth Taylor is breathtaking in this role . Her delicate nature is perfect for the part of a timid but emotional young woman . Of course , Spencer Tracy is the real hero of the film . His effortless performance is what makes this film so wonderful.This is a lovely tale about a father 's love for his daughter . It brings tears to my eyes every time I see it .
 Spencer Tracy is the dad all of us daughters want to have in this movie as he believes his daughter is a princess and can do no wrong . He also believes he is losing one of his favorite people when she marries.Liz Taylor was never more beautiful than in this movie . It 's a treat just to look at her . All the silly quarrels of the young lovers , the fears they all have of a big ceremony , the time , logistics and expense involved in a large wedding are depicted in this movie as well as how a wonderful family can cope with all those challenges beautifully because of the love they all have for one another . Such a lovely movie .
 I gave this movie only 5 stars because there is no 6-star rating . It is proof-positive that a very good movie can be made without shocking one 's sensibilities . The only problem I noted on this DVD was there was no audio on either of the otherwise apparently interesting extra features -LRB- the cast at the Truman White House , and newsreels of Taylor 's first wedding -RRB- . This appears to be a common problem , as others have experienced it with their copies . I bought another for a gift , and it is missing the audio on the specials also .
 Enjoyable picure where you will fid to Tracy in one of his best performances as the suffered father who is conducting all the issues related with your daughter ` s wedding . His wife - Joan Bennet - is magnificent . Elizabeth Tayor and Don Taylor is the happy couple . This is much more than a simple american comedy of the fifties . Fifty years later still keeps its freshness and rapture .
 If you 're looking for a comedy classic with good acting and a few nuggets of truth , this would be a good bet . Spencer Tracy is delightful as a befuddled , confused , and out-of-his-depth father , trying to survive the announcement , planning , and actual wedding ceremony of his beloved daugher to a man who has taken his place as # 1 in her life . He is a typical 50 's father-gruff and at times uncommunicative , but always loving . Elizabeth Taylor is cast as the naive and passionate daughter , but she is overshadowed by both Tracy and Joan Bennett as his understanding and long-suffering wife . This is a real tour de force for Tracy and is a delight after all these years .
 THE TAPE WAS NEW AND PLAYED PERFECTLY . IT WAS AN SP SPEED VERSION SO I WAS DELIGHTED . IT 'S ALWAYS BEEN ONE OF MY FAVORITE FILMS , SO TO SEE IT COLORIZED WAS A REAL TREAT . LIKE TENS OF THOUSANDS OF PEOPLE , THE COLORIZED VERSIONS OF BLACK AND WHITE FILMS HAVE BECOME COLLECTOR ITEMS . THE ELITIST IDEA TO KEEP OLD BLACK AND WHITE MOVIES JUST AS THEY ARE HAS ALWAYS BEEN REDICULOUS . NEW GENERATIONS SIMPLY WILL NOT WATCH THESE CLASSICS IN BLACK AND WHITE . ALSO , WITH THE NEW COLORIZED PROCESS , COLORIZED VERSIONS ARE STARTING TO LOOK WONDERFUL . JUST TAKE A LOOK AT SOME OF THE NEW DVD COLORIZED COPIES LIKE IT 'S A WONDERFUL LIFE AND MY MAN GODFREY . THOSE COLORIZED VERSIONS GIVE THOSE OLD CLASSICS A LOOK , LIKE THEY WERE MADE YESTERDAY AND ADD VIEWING EXCITEMENT . I AM A FILM BUFF , COLLECTOR AND STUDIED FILM IN COLLEGE . I AM ALSO THE SENIOR POST PRODUCTION EDITOR FOR TIME WARNER . THE OLD IDEA OF NOT COLORIZING IS ONLY BY A HANDFUL OF ELITIST IDIOTS , THAT THINK ONLY THEY KNOW BEST . BY AGREEING WITH THEM IS SIMPLY KILLING THE FILM PERMANENTLY BECAUSE FUTURE GENERATIONS WILL NEVER WATCH THEM . WHY NOT GIVE THE PUBLIC WHAT THEY WANT , AND IF THE TINY PERCENTAGE WHO ARE ELITISTS , WANT TO WATCH THE CLASSICS IN B/W , LET THEM . DVD COMPANIES WILL MAKE A FORTUNE SELLING THESE CLASSICS IN COLOR ENHANCED VERSIONS . MEAN WHILE THE COLLECTOR 'S MARKET FOR COLORIZED FILMS ON VHS AND DVD GROWS EACH YEAR . JUST LOOK AT THE STAGGERING PRICES OF COLORIZED VHS TAPES THAT ARE IN BRAND NEW - STILL SEALED COPIES ARE GOING FOR ON AMAZON AND EBAY . TED TURNER HAD THE RIGHT IDEA AND HISTORY WILL PROVE HIM RIGHT .
 This is a classic movie . Spencer Tracy plays the perfect Father of the Bride . He displays his comic talents mixed with tender insights to being the Father of the bride . Elizabeth Taylor is stunning and flawless in her performance as the blushing bride . Joan Bennett brings the couples personas to life ... charming , funny and tender . A must see for all Fathers and Mothers of the Bride .
 There are almost certainly dated elements in `` The Father of the Bride '' . I also thought Liz Taylor was a little too Hollywood glamorous to be playing a typical suburban American girl . The focus here , however , is Spencer Tracy in the title role and he is nothing short of brilliant . Gently balancing bemusement and bewilderment at the staggering cost emotionally and financially of losing his little girl Tracy does n't strike a single false note . The film is also augmented by a witty voice-over narration by Tracy . I think it unfair to compare this film to the Steve Martin remake . I think both film 's succeed and the remake , though adding some nineties touches , retains enough of the original 's charming elements to stand up by itself .
 THIS WAS A GREAT MOVIE AND IN GREAT CONDITION . AS ALWAYS ARRIVED ON TIME . REALLY APPRECIATE IT AND WILL CONTINUE TO ORDER FROM AMAZON.THANK YOU .
 The original version of this movie . Spencer Tracy and Elizabeth Taylor make a good pair for this one . Great for old movie fans !
 At some point since the dawning of the age of home videos , we all must have experienced what you might call `` filmus interruptus . '' Movies , almost by definition , were meant to be watched from start to finish , over a span of about two hours -LRB- with plenty of exceptions -RRB- . They were never designed to be `` put down '' like a book or viewed episodically , like a TV series.But in our busy and eminently interruptible daily lives , it 's not uncommon to view a single movie over the course of two or three sittings . And it 's sometimes surprising how different a take you wind up having on the same film after as little as a twenty-four layover.Something like that happened to me recently when I started watching Vincente Minnelli 's original FATHER OF THE BRIDE . I was sleepy when I started to watch the film on a Friday evening and never expected to be able to watch it to the end . Watching the first hour or so , I found it as witty and charming as I 'd expected . Like Minnelli 's classic musical MEET ME IN ST. LOUIS , it was a gently mocking valentine to American family life -- with human foibles not merely tolerated but actually embraced . FATHER OF THE BRIDE , in fact , could be viewed as a kind of 1950s update on the earlier film 's major themes
 I love that I can find the older movies here at Amazon . I have bought several from different sellers and all have been great ! I just love Spenser Tracy and this old b & w is one of my FAV 's
 Another oldie I adore . What a great concept , to do a wedding movie from the father 's perspective . Spencer is the head of the household , or so he thinks , who gets steamrolled into giving his most beloved daughter , Kaye -LRB- Elizabeth Taylor -RRB- a wedding bigger than anything he could have ever even dreamed -LRB- or nightmared -RRB- of!Spencer narrates the story , starting from a scene of frightening carnage , at his home after his daughter 's wedding reception . From his daughter 's annoyingly coy announcement of her impending marriage to Buckley Dunston , yup , that 's right , Buckley , to the wedding rehersal , Spencer hardly knows which end is up.This movie , although in black and white and made ages ago , still rings true . While buckets upon buckets of movies show the mother daughter relationship , this movie shows the ties that bind a father and daughter , and the difficulty and emotion that ensues when that relationship changes forever.This movie is funny , touching and very sweet . So if you 're an old , crusty cynic , this is not your cup of tea !
 For those who have not seen any of the Tracy-Hepburn films . . and think that Spencer Tracy could not pull off comedy or satire . . think again . Tracy is simply maginficent as the '' father '' who narrates the film with ease . There are so many subtle moments of pure comedy by Tracy in this film that a reality of the word '' peerless '' are invoked once again . Watching Tracy open a bottle of cola in a kitchen alone is worth the time watching . There will never be another like him .
 Spencer sells it . Steve Martin was funny . Spencer sells it.It is in black and white for the first ten minutes , but you are so pulled into the movie now that you have forgotten that by now . At the end of the movie when the daughter calls , you know that Spencer sells it and whether you thought you had bought into this version of the movie or not , you know now.Picture and sound are good .
 A buoyant , big-hearted MGM comedy featuring the wry comedic talent of Spencer Tracy , Minnelli 's romp provided the original template for an idea that 's been imitated countless times -LRB- as in 2000 's `` Meet the Parents '' -RRB- , but never done quite so charmingly . Tracy is side-splitting as the aggrieved , helpless Dad , even when he 's just making a face . Taylor makes a radiant , effervescent bride-to-be -LRB- was n't she always ? -RRB- , and Bennett is marvelous too , as are supporting players Moroni Olsen and Billie Burke , as Buckley 's prominent , well-to-do parents . Minnelli keeps the whole affair -- hilariously solemn heart-to-heart talks , a disastrous engagement party , lovers ' spats -- from derailing into broad farce . If you have to choose a `` Bride , '' make it the original .
 THIS IS THE ORIGINAL VERSION . VERY GOOD . ALL THE SITUATIONS THAT GEORGE BROOKS FACES ARE RELATABLE TO EVERY FATHER WHO HAS A DAUGHTRE GETTING MARRIED .
 This DVD was very enjoyable and there was no indecency in it whatsoever . It 's much better than the recent Father of the Bride with Steve Martin . I was able to buy Father 's Little Dividend with this dvd and enjoyed it as much as the first . It 's well worth your money and time .
 I picked this movie up a few months ago . When it first came out , a few years before , I waited because some of the reviews stated it was n't rendered to dvd very well.I wish I had n't waited , this is a great movie ! and may I add that it looks silky and smooth in black and white , a very clean transfer.Anyone whos been in a wedding can identify with this , its now my ten year old daughters favorite movie , and i 'm glad she can see some real acting from the likes of Spencer Tracy and joan bennet ... another great job Warner Bros !
 I must say that this is far more charming and sentimental than the remake . The relationships presented here seem more real and less scripted.Tracy and Taylor have an unmatched chemistry as father and daughter that actually stretched into real life , lasting until his death.Minelli 's direction brings real verve to the story without resorting to cheap physical humor . I love the verbal repartee and the cadre of classic Hollywood actors.The DVD itself is a good transfer both in video and audio . I enjoyed the extras as well , although I could n't seem to get audio on the two newsreels included.A great trip down the aisle and memory lane .
 Spencer Tracy is perfect in his role as the father of the bride . The love for his daughter played by Elizabeth Taylor rings so true in this film . Spencer Tracey gives one of the best comedic performances I have ever seen.Joan Bennet is also excellent as the mother of the bride.This comedy is never over the top and the characters seem very real . There are some good laughs.The upper middle class home and lifestyle reminds me of the book `` The Way We Never Were '' and at the same times makes me nostagic for the 1950s . If Elizabeth Taylor 's character 's call to her dad at the end of film does n't choke you up then you are made of wood!Get this film .
 I just saw for the first time ever this movie made in 1950 ; directed by Vincente Minnelli ; and starring Elizabeth Taylor , Spencer Tracy and Joan Bennett . Ms. Taylor was only 18 when she made this film and was frightening and eternally beautiful . She is so petite that she almost could adorn her own wedding cake . The movie , however , as the title implies , belongs to Mr. Tracy who plays her father who can not bear to see his little daughter grow up and get married . There is a lot of most fathers in Mr. Tracy 's character . He has some great lines and some funny scenes and endears himself to us with his gentle humor -- the footage where he gets stuck in his kitchen making drinks and does n't get to make a speech about his beloved daughter , just to point out one delightful instance . He is such a bungler -- ca n't get to Ms. Taylor at the wedding reception to bid her goodbye either.I did not find this 54 year-old movie dated at all . Some things never change . Love may be eternal and most families the world over act pretty much the same when it comes to seeing their children leave home .
 First , a warning
 Unlike some previous reviewers , I have to say that I think that the original `` Father of the Bride '' has stood the test of time and I found it to be just as enjoyable , if not more so , in some cases , as the Steve Martin remake.Spencer Tracy stars as Stanley Banks , an attorney happily married to his wife Ellie -LRB- Joan Bennett -RRB- , with three children and a lovely house . His only daughter Kay -LRB- Elizabeth Taylor -RRB- drops a bombshell on Stanley and Ellie one evening by announcing that she is getting married to someone named Buckley -LRB- Don Taylor -RRB- . From that moment on , the Banks family 's life is turned topsy-turvy by the upcoming wedding.I found Spencer Tracy 's performance to be very genuine . I did n't see him as being so consumed by the cost of the wedding -LRB- although what father does n't worry about the financial bottom line ? -RRB- that who his daughter was marrying was secondary . I found his performance reflected the shock and sadness over losing his daughter to Mr. Right and the confusion over getting lost in the wedding shuffle , as most fathers of the bride do.The engagement party , where Stanley is left to tend the kitchen , thereby missing the entirety of the party and the excitement showcases this fact perfectly . Again , Stanley is left out after the ceremony , when he wants to kiss the bride and can not seem to get to her.Joan Bennett is wonderfully cast as Ellie , rivaling Myrna Loy as the perfect cinematic mother.Elizabeth Taylor is lovely as the bride to be and although her big fight with Buckley over where they will honeymoon is a bit farfetched -LRB- would they really break up over their vacation destination ? - - and if they would , would n't that signal much larger problems ? -RRB- , her wide-eyed innocence and concern for her father during this time is touching.Interestingly enough , Taylor wore her wedding dress in this film to her actual first wedding to Nicky Hilton , at the time this movie premiered -LRB- and was divorcing him by the time they began filming the sequel -RRB- . This film is n't necessarily Oscar material , but it 's a wonderful cinematic collection of some Hollywood greats on film -LRB- Tracy , Bennett , Taylor , Billie Burke as the groom 's mother -RRB- and a definite feel good film for the whole family.RSVP to this one .
 FATHER OF THE BRIDE is not a Tracy-Hepburn film . That is Spencer Tracy , giving another peerless performance in the title role . But that 's Joan Bennett , perfectly cast as his wife , making a brilliant transition here to mother roles from the femme fatales she played in classic Fritz Lang film noir films of the forties . The bride , of course , is lovely Elizabeth Taylor . They 're all first rate in this top notch Vincente Minnelli comedy .
 The more I see of Spencer Tracy , the more underrated I think he was as an actor . And this is the kind of film where he excelled , the everyman comedy with sentimental touches of drama and romance . `` Father Of the Bride '' is not a cutting edge social commentary , just a humorous slice of life regarding a middle class Joe whose daughter is the apple of his eye , and the man in her life is suddenly someone else . The inherent tension and humor in this situation and all that follows makes for a sweet film with no sour spots except that its B&W nature makes it impossible to fully appreciate young Liz Taylor 's remarkable eyes . The Steve Martin remake is OK , but there was only one Spencer Tracy , and if only for that difference this original version is much preferred . A classic for the ages , and one that all ages can enjoy .
 `` Father of the Bride '' is a mainly delightful family comedy which benefits from a strong central performance ... One night at dinner , daughter Kay casually announces her engagement ... Father and mother react on cue ... Following practically all the events of Edward Streeter 's charming novel , the Oscar-Nominated screenplay is a series of comic and warm set pieces
 There is a reason that Spencer Tracy was one of Hollywood 's most acclaimed actors . He could pull off any role and make it believable . He was one of the great everymen of his day . Watch , for instance , FATHER OF THE BRIDE and you will find yourself thinking of your own father , grandfather , uncle , or perhaps even yourself.In the film , based off the novel by Edward Streetcar , Tracy plays Stanley Banks , an upper middle class lawyer who has his nerves put to wits ends when he learns nonchalantly over dinner one evening that his only daughter , Kay -LRB- Elizabeth Taylor -RRB- has just become engaged . His life is turned upside down in a few brief moments , as the simple thing he thought of as love turns into a nightmare called a wedding . Yet as much as things change , he learns that nothing really changes at all.This original film version of Streetcar 's novel stays true to the source and -LRB- as much as I love the remake -RRB- in many ways is far more entertaining than the Steve Martin version . The movie has dated some , yet it remains as enduring as ever . Watch it and laugh , maybe cry , then -- if you can -- give Dad a call .
 Another `` classic '' that I had not seen in years and I could only remember the inspired and hilarious dream sequence where Spencer Tracy tries desperately to get down a fun house of an aisle to get to the alter while his daughter the bride and attendees look on in horror . This one sequence brings the audience out of a rather normal and traditional looking world and right into the noir for a moment before bringing us gently back to suburbia again . I also love the `` slice of life '' -LRB- as filtered through Hollywood 's eye -RRB- approach to the film . By this I mean that it 's rather fun to see what a modern middle class suburban family and home was like in the late 1940s to the early 1950s -LRB- servants and all -RRB- . I loved seeing lovely Elizabeth Taylor dressed in rolled up blue jeans and a flannel shirt and kerchief , -LRB- That woman could wear a potato sack and look elegant -RRB- and calling Tracy `` Pop '' in her genuinely affection tone . The entire cast of characters is great with seasoned professionals like Billie Burke and Leo G. Carroll to name just a couple . But Tracy alone is the anchor to this piece , bringing a rye wit and quiet sense of dignity and patience to the whole mess , even when surrounded by the aftermath of the wedding in what looks like a bombed out city complete with with crepe paper . The whole film has such a sweet , satisfying quality that I think , in the hands of a lesser man than director , might have fallen flat . But Minnelli pulls it off brilliantly , balancing charm , sentimentality , humor and even fantasy with just the right touch . And , as others have mentioned in other opinions posted here , it is difficult to compare the original here with later remakes . I do like Steve Martin very much , but there is really nothing to compare next to Spencer Tracy and the subtle expertise of the folks at MGM , circa 1950
 Even though this may not be Elizabeth Taylor 's most popular role , it is probably one of my favorites that she is in . She 's not the unattainable , rich society girl she normally plays . She 's just a normal girl living with a normal family.Kay Banks -LRB- Elizabeth Taylor -RRB- is the only daughter in her family and it causes quite a bit of commotion when she announces to her parents one evening at dinner that she is getting married . Her dad , Stanley Banks -LRB- brilliantly played by Spencer Tracy -RRB- immediately thinks through her long list of past dates trying to figure out which one it could be . She announces `` Buckley '' as the lucky guy . `` What 's his last name ? I hope it 's better than his first ! '' fires back Tracy.As they go through all the planning and arranging and everything for the wedding they encounter quite a few comedic situations - such as Spence tearing his suit ! And as he explains to his daughter how they used to do things he gets the reply , `` Oh , that was millions of years ago ... `` This is a great classic and -LRB- I think -RRB- is way better than the re-make !
 This is an enjoyable movie with strong performances by Spenser Tracey and a young Elizabeth Taylor . The movie is in clear black and white film , the sound is clear , and the packaging is attractive and easy to open .
 One can only say , if you missed this film you missed the boat baby !! Catch a hip , cool , Zen-like Spencer Tracy in one of his most light-hearted and comical roles .
 Father of the Bride -LRB- the original -RRB- is awesome . I love the remake with Steve Martin , but this is even better . There 's nothing like the black & white original versions . Spencer Tracy and Elizabeth Taylor are extraordinary . A must see for the lover of classics .
 While the movie itself sparkles with the inimitable charm of Tracy , Bennett and Taylor , the extras are somewhat disappointing . Not only do the vaunted newsreels have no sound , but the funny short -LRB- - Wedding Bills - , was n't it ? -RRB- that was on the VHS copy is not included here.In addition , the quality of the transfer is not the stellar work that many have come to expect from the B&W ; movies released by Paramount . Apparently , the MGM films are of a lesser priority , since this particular film has scratches and dirt visible in places.I 'm sorry to have to say it , but I would recommend hanging on to that video for a while longer .
 FATHER OF THE BRIDE is a comedy mostly about the preparations for a young bride 's wedding.Spencer Tracy plays the part of the father . Elizabeth Taylor is the bride and Joan bennett is the mother . The cast also includes Leo G. Carroll , Don Taylor and Billie Burke . Tracy is excellent as the flusterred dad and Elizabeth Taylor is a delightful picture of innocence as the bride . The relationship between father and daughter is the glue which keeps everybody together during the hectic period before the wedding.The movie received Oscar nominations for Best Picture , Best Actor -LRB- Spencer Tracy -RRB- and Best Screenplay -LRB- Francis Goodrich and Albert Hackett -RRB- . The sequel was called FATHER 'S LITTLE DIVIDEND and it was released in 1951 . Vincente Minnelli received an Academy Award for his direction of GIGI in 1958 .
 A sweet , sincere class with lots of interesting and insightful observations about weddings that are every bit as relevant today as when the film was made .
 We purchased this for our daughter who is getting married in May for Christmas . We had seen the movie a number of years before and loved the storyline -- seeing many of the anxieties that they encountered then , now coming to pass as we plan her wedding . The movie was advertized as a colorized version of the original and had mixed reviews by some `` purists '' who do n't like colorization . We actually were looking forward to seeing it in `` color '' as we had only watched it in black and white . However , when we came to view the movie over Christmas it turned out to be in black and white . It still was a delightful film with wonderful actors/actresses and a very clear version , just not what we had expected to get . Still worth watching !
 I first saw this movie when I was a little girl and I never tire of watching it !! I wore out my VHS copy so I bought the DVD so I can continue watching this movie at least twice a year !!
 For those who like a light comedy diversion , this was pretty good stuff . Spencer Tracy is excellent as a `` father of the bride '' and he gives us a good idea of what it 's like to have a daughter married off . Of course , Hollywood exaggerates a bit , and not everyone 's daughter looks like Elizabeth Taylor , but that 's what made this fun and , I think , a hit movie.A re-make was done 40 years later , starring Steve Martin . I watched both versions and would select this one over the re-make . As in most cases , there were more values and family togetherness in the classic-era movies than what Hollywood usually shows today . Nothing against Martin , but it was too difficult trying to top Tracy 's performance in here.This version actually was honored quite a bit , up for a handful of Academy Awards including `` Best Picture . '' I do n't remember this movie being THAT good , but everyone 's sense of humor is different . Not being a father it was hard for me to relate to the mom and dad 's predicaments here . Tracy and Joan Bennett played the parents . However , married friends of mine who saw this movie all loved it.Obviously , some of this is very dated and a little unrealistic . Any father who still sees his daughter as someone in pigtails and tomboyish when she looks like Taylor ai n't paying attention ! Then again , maybe all dads see their daughters as little girls , no matter what age.We see something else employed in this film you do n't see anymore
 Bought this as a gift . An old movie buff like me who was really thrilled to get this . Arrived on time and in good condition .
 This was a present for my daughter who likes old movies . She had requested DVDs of old movies and mentioned particularly Spencer Tracy .
 Beautiful as ever , Elizabeth Taylor makes a lovely bride ! Spencer Tracy is perfect in the roll of distressed father loosing his daughter to marriage . Love this movie !
 Who can resist Spencer Tracy , Elizabeth Taylor and Joan Bennet ! A fun movie with a timeless theme about weddings , nothing has changed !
 This film is a classic , far better than the remake . Spencer Tracy at his best as the bewildered Father of the Bride . Elizabeth Taylor , young and gorgeous . Joan Bennett just as beautiful as the Mother of the Bride . Spencer Tracy 's running commentary about the prenuptial events is hilarious . One classic scene when he tries to fit into his old tux . We gave it as a gift to our son , who is about to become the Father of the Bride .
 Specer Tracey and Elizabeth Taylor are like art work in this film , such a beautiful picture together . Great movie , loved the comedy moments .
 this movie has class , pizzazz and humor.i feel in love with it from the trailer til now.it is a must have.if you love Elizabeth Taylor , this is a must have .
 Other reviewers implied they had received the colorized version of the film but this is the B&W version . Delivery was quick . This and `` Mr. Blandings Builds His Dream House '' are my two favorite movies from this era .
 Always loved the original although I forgotten how much more developed the second one with Steve Martin was . I bought so my daughter and I could see before her wedding . Still there 's something to be said for the simplicity of it . Besides I love Spencer Tracy in this movie , I have my own nostalgic reasons for liking this version and we are reminded just how breathtaking Elizabeth Taylor was .
 One of the best ` wedding ' movies ever made . Vincent Minnelli , once again proving his talent as a director gives us Spencer Tracy 's greatest performance . A father in the middle of cakes , bridesmaids , flower ordering , presents , in-laws , invitations and trying to make sense of it all . Classic !
 Actually , I 'd give it three ana half stars if I could . I went to see this at the movies . I thought it was great . Then , I rented a similar movie called `` The Object of My Affection '' which was better in many ways but this was still not a bad movie . Madonna I thought gave a very good performance ... better than her acting in `` Evita '' -LRB- which , ironically , that one which I 've seen done a hundred times better on stage was praised by the critics -RRB- . The actors in the film have never looked better ... it 's almost like the old Hollywood movies where everyone has star quality but it has more modern themes . I think it almost needs to be viewd though as if it 's two acts . Act One is a sitcom about these two best friends . Act Two is a drama about these two friends raising a child . I 'm so sick of critics saying it could n't decide if it was comedy or drama . You 'll laugh . You 'll cry a little ... which means the movie did its job . It makes its audience feel .
 The Next best thing is not a bad movie at all it 's really a good movie with alot of heart . The strengths of this movie are the cast , director , and the story . The weakness of this movie is the script but I think the cast did a great job with this material . Especially Madonna who did a great job bringing Abbie to life . Critics have always knocked down Madonna 's films but the critics are always wrong anyways so dont listen to them . Be your own judge watch this movie because you really will enjoy it . Its no Gone with the Wind but its the Next best Thing .
 Okay , so she 's no Meryl Streep but Madonna is not a bad actress ! This film proves it . She does a fine job as does the rest of the cast . But , she is n't the centerpiece of the movie , so I really do n't see why all the slings and arrows from critics are about her acting . The movie does a good job provoking thought about the issues it explores
 This may not be the next best thing , but it is entertaining and deals with issues that most of us are faced with on a daily basis . It shows that gay people are no different to any one else and deep down they want stability , a home and the opportunity to raise children . The other issue dealt with involves using children as a tool when a relationship / marriage hits the rocks . All to often it is the children that suffer and this film brings the message across that no matter who or what you are or what happens in a relationship , think of the childrens needs above all else , after all the children are innocent pawns . So , wether you are gay or straight , this movie is highly recommended . Rupert Everett is a great performer of which Madonna is not , but somehow they manage to pull this flawed movie through .
 Personally , i 've seen the movie a million times and I really liked it . It 's not a classic or anything like that , but it the kind of film that you could hang out with you friends watching . I liked Madonna 's acting and Rupert was cool too .
 I liked , this movie it was very interesting , Madonna did good in this movie you 'll like this movie worth , watching .
 If you 've ever thought once about trying to make it big , you have to see this movie . If you have not ever thought about it , you still have to see this movie . It 's Awesome !
 Finally , a film that is much less cynical than most love stories I 've seen . Forgiveness is a rare lesson taught in Hollywood , much less TOLERANCE . The Director/Writer both illustrated an idea -- Love is what people need , not conventionality or normalcy . The parts of Rupert 's grandparents show a contrast in accepting their son 's lifestyle . My favorite character was the grandmother , but Madonna did her best work as well . 5 Stars for The Next Best Thing !
 I 'm a big fan of Madonna . So , of course , I had to see this movie . When I went to rent it I looked in the drama section . I could n't find it . I asked one of the workers there and she said to look in the comedy section ! Now I have to admit , `` The Next Best Thing '' did have a little bit of comedy in it , but I would consider it more of a `` drama . '' Well , as for the movie itself it was good . I wo n't call it excellent , but it could 've been . The ending was good . So , `` The Next Best Thing '' overall rates a 4 out of 5 . -LRB- Oh yes , also
 After reading all the negative comments on The Next Best Thing I was dubious about buying the DVD , but just could n't resist seeing how Madonna performed.The movie itself is very good - not without flaws , but still enjoyable and immensely watchable . The courtroom scenes are particularly well done.Now for the $ 50000 question - how does Madonna perform ??? In my opinion exceptionally well . She has really matured as an actress during her 20 + year career . She seems considerably more comfortable in front of the movie camera , and after the first few minutes of the film I forgot I was watching Madonna and I believed her characterization of Abbie.A lovely film to watch on a rainy Sunday afternoon .
 Madonna is a real movie star and she proved that on this movie . She plays the role of a single mother -LRB- Abby -RRB- and in every scene you could see that she enjoyed not been the super female icon role and just been a mother who wants the best for her son . The movie is fantastic . The first part is very funny and step by step took the drama with it and the release end is one memorable and simply.You have to wacth it if you do n't and buy it if you have n't .
 Two best friends involved on this film . Is it hard to love a child which you think is yours but is not ? But when two really good friends love each other , is not hard to have a decision like the one that they made for their child . Who is the father , the one that takes care of him and loves him so much , or the one that made him on bed and did n't know about him.You have to see it to answer the question ...
 I loooved this movie so much . Madonna was terrific in it , despite a flawed script . When I saw it in the theatres there was n't a dry eye in the audience.My favorite part was where Madonna ate a hamburger and her friend asked , `` I thought you were vegetarian '' and I said that same thing with my friends while I was watching it . I also like the way they demolished that gay couples place . It was so funny . The dialouge was real . It was n't contrived and intellectual like when Madonna has conversations with her bubble headed girlfriends . The movie was n't phony to me . Like most of the movies I see Merle Streep in.The ending where Rupert 's character turns really nasty was kind of weird though . It became a soap opera and I was wanting the comedy part more .
 SUPER ... LA PELICULA ME ENCANTO PQ . REFLEJA LA LUCHA Y LOS SENTIMIENTOS MUY BUENA , Y SU PROMO SUPER-BRUTAL
 MADONNA did a Great job ! THE NEXT BEST THING is a GREAT movie ! Madonna plays a women named Abby who happens to get pregnant by her best friend Robert -LRB- Rupert Everett -RRB- who is gay . Now after a few to many drinks the two end up having sex , and you guessed it Abby gets pregnant . Now Abby and Robert have agreed to live together and raise there son Sam together , but there is a unexpected turn of events when Abby meets a Guy named Ben -LRB- Benjamin Bratt -RRB- and the two just seem to hit it off . Robert suddenly finds himself in a horrible position when Abby and Ben tell him they are going to get married , move out of state and take Sam with them . Now Robert then does what he has to do to keep his son from moving , however he discovers a Horriblre hidden truth along the way . Now i will not say any more other than this movie is one of the Best MADONNA movies ever ! MADONNA does a amazing acting job despite what some of the critics said , but what do they know anyway ! It 's us the MOVIE GOERS that ultimatly know a GOOD movie when we see one . THE NEXT BEST THING is a GREAT MOVIE with many laughs and many tears ! I highly recommend this Movie !
 Having seen allot of films try to `` stradle the fence '' The Next Best thing pulls it off . It 's a true to life look at how unconventional families in todays world exist and survive .
 I watched this flick when it first came out in year 1999 . I ca n't be bothered by the Academy winning director . And I could n't bother the DVD until I realised the special features include a video of the soundtrack
 The storyline was superb . Rupert was great . But Madonna ... what were you thinking ??? Her accent annoyed me throughout the whole movie . Is she American ??? Is she English ??? The cross between sounds Australian which is irritating . Apart from Madonna 's terrible acting , this movie is held together pretty well .
 Some people thought this movie sucked . Man , are they wrong . This movie was excellent . I really enjoyed it . I was n't too thrilled with Rupert Everett 's performance , but Madonna 's performance was spectacular , as usual.Madonna plays Abbie Reynolds , a yoga instructer , whose boyfriend has just left her . She goes to her best friend , Robert -LRB- played by Rupert Everett -RRB- for a way to get over this . One night , the two become lovers . Abbie then finds out that she 's pregnant , and Robert is the father . But Robert is also ... gay . Seven years later , while getting ready to do a yoga class , Abbie meets Ben , a charming guy who is very interested in Abbie . The two begin dating . Ben decides that he wants to marry Abbie and it makes Robert furious because he does not want anyone taking his place as Sam 's father.If any one of you took the advice from the one 's who said that this movie sucked , give that advice back . This movie did not suck . It has a real good storyline and it 's a movie that everyone can enjoy .
 Madonna is my favorate actress.She is the only one who could have done this movie.No other actress can look as beautiful as Madonna does in this movie.I recommend everyone watch this at least once . `` Thumbs Up ! ''
 In this attempt to illustrate modern family configurations , ` The Next Best Thing ' had a bit too much of an agenda for me . It brings up a lot of issues , most of which more for me make the ` main point ' recede into the background.Approaching this as a social concern issue , at different parts of the film I would have different responses . Certain by the end of the film , as the child had come to recognise Robert as ` dad ' , it would only do harm to the child to break this relationship . However , the question of whether there is a realistic prospect of even the best of friends living together in such a manner as Abbie and Robert , when both are likely -LRB- and in fact in the movie , did , albeit rather perfunctorially until the end -RRB- to want to continue to have intimate adult relationships before long , no matter how much they subordinate these desires in consideration of the child . It is a family arrangement almost certainly doomed to failure , particularly given Abbie 's history of not being able to achieve a successful , sustained relationship.With regard to the film as itself , Rupert Everett is the saving grace of the film . Madonna is not , I think , as bad as many people think , in this film . She does a good and credible job . But her character lacked a multi-dimensionality that the script tried to hide by interjecting diversions -LRB- the yoga , the unconventional household arrangement , etc. -- these things are intended to give more ` character ' to the Madonna 's character , or , like a magician 's assistant , divert your attention from the fact there 's not much substance there -RRB- . Everett 's character is only somewhat more fleshed out , but only in one real direction.The subplots are , alas , unsuccessful -- we do n't get enough detail or enough emotion . Who is this person who died at the beginning ? Beyond knowing his family did n't like him until he was dead , and knowing that high liturgical funerals are not to his liking , we do n't know much . Yet this is , I believe , supposed to be a critical issue in the film -- acceptance of varying styles of families , and the problems that arise from their lack of legal standing.I applaud movies like this that try to combat the various forms of prejudice out there . As non-traditional families become more the norm than the exception , a greater understanding of the people in those relationships is very important . I just wish for better vehicles than this , that have more believable characters -LRB- and more fully-human characters -RRB- and more credible situations.Overall , I enjoyed the film , and I am a sucker for a happy ending . But , is it happy ? When will the relationship with Abbie 's husband cease to work out ? Will Robert as a single father ever form a successful relationship ? Are they still doomed to failure ? I doubt a sequel will be produced to answer these questions .
 I really enjoyed this movie . If you want a feel good movie and like happy endings , then watch this movie . It also helps to have Rupert Everett and Benjamin Bratt to look at too .
 I just want to say i really enjoyed THE NEXT BEST THING . Many of the other reviews focus on MADONNA 's accents , her hair , the lighting anything but the movie . I think she is an AMAZING actress . When she is in music videos shes acting so when someone puts a Film crew in front of you whats the differece there both performances . I just think this is a Great movie that touches your heart . I am sorry so many people focus on MADONNA and think she is a bad actress as if they know who she is in real life . Anyway ignore all those reviews that focus on everything but the actual film and there prejudice toward MADONNA . Check THE NEXT BEST THING out its a GREAT flick and MADONNA does a good job , come on she is MADONNA she can do what she wants !
 This is a very good film . It 's also got the video for Madonna 's take on `` American Pie '' which is an added bonus . If you like Madonna you should get this movie . You should get this gem of a DVD .
 THE STORY IS WELL-WRITTEN . ABBY -LRB- MADONNA -RRB- IS A YOGA TEACHER AND ROBERT -LRB- RUPERT EVERETT -RRB- IS A LANDSCAPER AND IS GAY . ONE NIGHT THEY HAVE A WILD ROMP AND THE NEXT THING YOU KNOW ABBY IS CARRYING A BABY . THEN IT GETS CONFUSING . ROBERT AND ABBY DO NOT GET MARRIED BUT LIVE TOGETHER AND RAISE THE CHID AS TOGETHER . ABBY THEN DATES A INVESTMENT BANKER -LRB- BENJAMIN BRATT -RRB- . THEY WANT TO GET MARRIED AND TAKE CUSTODY OF THE CHID AND ENDS UP IN A UGLY COURT CASE .
 I am one of the world 's biggest Madonna fans -LRB- so I am biased , of course -RRB- , and I think that this is a wonderful movie . My mother and I watched this video together and were quite touched by it . My mom is the kind of person that NEVER sits through an entire movie , so I was particularly shocked when she sat through every scene of this one with me . She even wanted to watch it a second time!The only flaw that I saw in the movie was some poorly written dialogue . There were parts that just did n't sound right somehow . A lot of people tried to blame Madonna and Rupert -LRB- and their alleged acting inabilities -RRB- , but I think the script itself was the real problem . I think that Madonna did the best she could with this role.Madonna gets a lot of trash from people who say she ca n't act . I think that is crazy . She did a great job in Evita , Desperately Seeking Susan , Dick Tracy , A League of Their Own , Body of Evidence , and Who 's that Girl ... no matter what anyone else says ! I just wish that she had a better sense of which scripts were good and which ones are duds . : - -RRB-
 OK . . I saw this movie when it came out in theaters . I saw it on opening night and the theater where I am , in Atlanta , was packed . Everyone laughed at the funny parts and in general seemed to like the film , but it did bomb . Madonna is not that bad of an actor . I think the problem is her persona is so huge people ca n't look at the screen without thinking of Madonna as a singer/mega-star ... the woman some love to hate . I am biased and very much on Madonna 's side ... however , the movie was n't that bad . The soundtrack is EXCELLENT . Especially her song `` Time Stood Still '' , which was hardly in the movie and should have been included on her upcoming cd `` Music '' ... or at least released as a single . Madonna just keeps on trying and trying to get it right ... and I think one day she will make a big movie . She certainly has accomplished ALL her other goals . If you have n't seen the movie ... watch it . Also , check her out in `` Dangerous Game '' ... she acted WONDERFULLY in that film .
 I went to see this movie , and I must say had my doubts about it after reading all the trash that has been produced , but to my surprise I found a funny and I must say beautifully filmed movie , with a more than ever relaxed performing Madonna , once again the critics were eager to judge this movie and even worse Madonna , my guess is that it does ' t seem to matter what she does -LRB- when acting -RRB- they allready jump to conclusions without even watching with an open eye and open mind and might for once try to forget to reflect everything on her real life , well maybe she 's just too much an Icon and image , anyway I loved it and Madonna in it ! And I will surely order this movie on DVD !
 I went to the cinema earlier today to see this film . To be honest I was n't expecting to enjoy it after the slating that it has been given by the critics , and if it was n't for the fact that my boyfriend is a Madonna fan then we would n't have bothered.HOW WRONG COULD I BE ... It was excellent , the storyline was brilliant , really felt for Rupert Everetts character . I was crying halfway through and my boyfriend believe it or not was tearful at the end . Infact he was so moved by it that he has gone tonight to watch it again and we have already ordered the DVD from AMAZON.My advice - ignore the critics , watch it for yourself and thoroughly enjoy it . We actually came up with theory that if Meg Ryan or Julia Roberts had played Madonna 's part then it would have had rave reviews . Ok so Madonna may not be the best actress in the world but that aside the film was not the next best thing . It was the best thing !
 Madonna 's acting was great in this movie . I hated Madonna -LRB- But in real life I love her -RRB- on how she took San -LRB- Their Love Child -RRB- away from Robert -LRB- Evertt -RRB- and treated him . Madonna -LRB- Abby -RRB- plays a yoga teacher whom has prolbem in the love area of her life . One night with a good cry with Robert , too many drinks , lead to a night of passion . The movie moves on and she meets this guy -LRB- Ca n't remember his name -RRB- and they fall in love . Then she decide to run away with her new lover to New York , but Robert get pissed and sued Abby . She later tell him that Sam is not his child that Sam real dad is the last guy she was with -LRB- That was when I got pissed at Madonna -RRB- and then ... I should not say anymore , I do n't want to spoil it for you . But it was and is a great movie . I will buy it when it comes out .
 Great great movie . I always look forward to watching this movie . It makes you feel sad and happy . I think Madonna and Rupert are great actors . Specially together .
 I have a lot of gay friends and the way they love me make me think how lovely could be having a baby with them , of course skipping the sex part because it would be unavoidable feel the awkwardness no matter if we were drunk or not.I 've always said that having a gay friend is like having a 2 x 1 because they can act like a girlfriend and they still have that male part inside of them so they can see the whole picture and open your eyes if necessary.I think I wan na live Abby 's life , have a Robert being the real father of my baby because is the best father ever !!! I really love this movie
 Have you ever bought at the stock market when everybody told you to sell - and won ? That 's what happened to me with this film . After buying almost all of John Schlesinger 's films , I hesistated before ordering this one - in view of all that criticism . But then I assumed that - 1 -RRB- Schlesinger can not suddenly make a bad film after making so many excellent ones , and - 2 -RRB- if so many bad things are said about a film it must somehow be good . Luckily , I was right this time.Perhaps much of all that criticism springs from unjustified expectations . Let me try to put two points right
 i am not actually a fan of madge although i do hear about her.Anyways , i went into this movie without any exceptation and i was blown away . The movie is awesome . it was stuck in my memory long after i watched it . The emotion and the laughs it brings is real . Madge may not be the best actress in the world but she really hit this movie hard and i prefer to watch it any day than Evita . Pls , do n't read the reviews just buy or rent it and you will be surprised .
 Like I wrote in my headline its amazing , funny , campy , great acting.I am a Madonna fan yes but this was her first role i ever watched where she was really acting and not playing herself . There a few transitions in the film that could be fixed but nothing that was to bad . Its lighthearted while still being serious you laugh when the characters laugh you cry when they do its a great story . Watch this movie I did twice today when i first got it .
 If you ca n't get enough of Madonna from her music , this movie is definitely the next best thing . I honestly never imagined Madonna as an actress but watching this movie made me re-evaluate her as an actress . She shines in this heart-warming movie with Rupert Everett . Its not the kind of movie you would expect someone as wild as Madonna to do . This movie has a proper plot and story line and has a proper ending . The ending is actually quite touching and made me want to go out and grab my tissues.Whether you are a Madonna fan or not , you might want to try watching this movie . Whether you like the movie or not , I do n't know but you 'll definitely start to re-evaluate Madonna .
 When I first heard about this movie and its story I felt very moved by it . But when I started reading the negative critics about it , I felt it maybe was n't so nice as I thought it would be . But I went to the cinema and watched it . And then realized that I was n't wrong about the movie because it is great ! From the sountrack to its images and actor 's performances , everything is cool . Some people said that the end of it was poor and previsible , but I desagree . The final shows that if you really care about someone , sometimes it 's necessary to forgive , forget the past and go on with life . And that 's what happens in the movie . Madonna did a very good job such as Rupert and the rest of the cast . Have a really fun time while watching ! If you have enough maturity to undertand , watch it ! I 'm certain that you 'll enjoy !
 I really liked this movie . It is very relaxing and funny . I did n't like when they turned it into drama near the end . The cast is brilliant . Rupert was his usual funny self , Benjamin was OK and Madonna ... Hm . . hm ... She was brilliant in some parts . She must of had an acting coach . For example
 Critics do not know what they are doing or saying.This movie was far from bad in fact it was one of the best films of 2000 . Madonna was perfect in the role of Abbie.I hope we see many more movies from Madonna she knows what she is doing .
 I would just like to say that this movie with Madonna , Rupert Everett , and Benjamin Bratt is one great movie . Sure it is not your traditional movie , it 's a movia about familes that are different . I just wanted to say that this movie is a really good one .
 This movie was actually really good , and I was kind of shocked . It was the first time I 'd seen a movie where Michael Vartan 's character actually made me so mad . -LRB- He did an awesome job , though . -RRB- Basically , you have Abbie -LRB- Madonna -RRB- and Robert -LRB- Everett -RRB- , who would be the perfect couple except that Robert is gay , so they 're just the best of friends . One Independence Day , Abbie and Robert decide to get drunk -LRB- very drunk -RRB- to kind of shed their previous relationship and life problems . While drunk , they have sex . Later , Abbie learns that she is pregnant and tells Robert -LRB- who is still upset over actually having sex with a woman -RRB- that she 's pregnant with his child . Robert moves in with Abbie , and they 're still living in the same house after almost six years.That 's when , after Robert encourages her to date , Abbie meets and falls in love with Ben -LRB- Benjamin Bratt -RRB- . This complicates everything and the satirical comedy takes a very dramatic edge , but in the end , everything will be alright.I would definitely recommend this movie . Though , it 's not the ` feel good movie of the year ' , it will make a lot of girls long to have a gay best friend .
 This was one of the most endearing series ever to hit T.V. My wife who had never seen the show fell instantly in love . We both ca n't wait until more episodes are released . We have all that are currently available . Start churning them out . Great family entertainment and excellent for building values .
 This is the first release from this particular set and as stated - from 1957 - so it is of course going to be the earlier episodes . BONUS FEATURES
 What a wonderful blessing to be able to enjoy the old tv show The Real McCoys !! When it first came out on tv I was too young toenjoy it , but now I watch it almost every day on my DVD player.I have season 1-4 and I wish I had the money to buy season 5 . Iwill buy it as soon as I can.There certainly is NOTHING on tv today that is decent to watch !
 I truly `` Want you to meet the family '' . This was a great comedy . I would love to see more of the seasons copied . It was n't on all that long , but , it was a great show . All the actors , and actresses did a fine job on this show . Walter Brennen at some of his best .
 This is a great way to watch tv as we did as kids . I really like the selection and speedy way it was handled . We have laughed a lot since getting this piece of the past . .
 Really enjoyed this simple and humorous series . Walter Brenan is a classic .
 I PURCHASED THIS VIDEO FOR MY HUSBAND 'S BIRTHDAY . HE WAS REALLY IMPRESSED WITH THE SIZE OF THE FISH , AND OF COURSE THE LADIES . THE VIEWS ARE FANTASTIC . I RECOMMEND IT HIGHLY .
 My name is Anka . I am starring in this fishing video . In this film , I catch lots of dolphin -LRB- mahi mahi -RRB- and a big sailfish about seven feet long . It was so exciting bringing in such big fish . The biggest fish I had caught before this was when I was a little girl growing up in the Ukraine near Russia . Let me tell you the bait we used to catch the sailfish was as big as that!I am a professional model and I do a lot of swimsuit photo shoots , but I can say that this shoot was the biggest adventure of them all . The weather was beautiful and so warm that I did n't get cold all day even though all I was wearing was a thong swimsuit!The quality of the video is great and so is the sound . They have good graphics and a kicking musical score ! There are two other segments in the video besides mine . These feature two other beautiful girls - but not as beautiful as me ! just kidding !!! - catching big fish in the Everglades and the Keys . I caught all of my fish off Miami Beach in the ocean.If you would like to see more of me , I will be appearing in the centerfold of PLAYBOY Magazine in the February , 2002 edition . My photo is on the jacket cover of the Babes & Trophies video and the front cover of the Angler 's Fantasy 2002 fishing/swimsuit calendar - also available on Amazon.com
 I am always impressed with the ladies and their adventures . I live viCARIously -LRB- pun intended -RRB- through them . I also GET the messages of each show , which in turn , helps me when I 'm weeding out and saving me from a fate with the monkey-men I have had the misfortune of dining out with and/or starting a relationship with.I found fault with Carrie 's breakup with Aidan . I thought the script was mean and portrayed Carrie as a brat and Aidan a victim . I think it could have ended better . It colored my view of her for a while , but I got over it .
 This disc celebrates the 40th anniversary of ` The 12 Cellists ' , the internationally renowned cello section of the Berlin Philharmonic Orchestra . This chamber ensemble has a reputation of such magnitude that it almost , some would say certainly , eclipses that of the whole orchestra.The ensemble was created almost by chance as an offshoot to a birthday party celebration . From this very informal beginning it rapidly grew in size and a repertoire had to be created . Initially this took the form of especially composed pieces but increasingly there has been an emphasis on arrangements of music from non-classical genres that is generally admired . These arrangements explore all the enormous possibilities of a group of cellists who appear to have limitless technical resources at their disposal as well as the almost equally limitless possibilities of cello sound . As such this extends far beyond the normal scope of cross-over music.The concert itself was held in Berlin at the Philharmonie and included guest artists Annette Dasch , soprano , and jazz trumpeter Till Bronner . The opening item , not surprisingly , is Hymnus by Julius Klengel which featured so prominently in early programmes including the very first and this is followed by another original composition by Jean Francaix , his Aubade.From then onwards all the remaining pieces are arrangements and all exhibit a high degree of musical and entertainment value . Faure 's Pavane , beautifully played , is followed by somewhat lighter , but not lesser , fare from Vincent Scotto , Michel Legrand and Herman Hupfeld . Annette Dasch then makes her first appearance with three French songs by Debussy and Ravel before returning a little later for Edith Piaf 's ` La vie en rose ' . These are all delectably sung in a winningly modest manner . She is well matched in these ways by Till Bronner who plays Thelonious Monk 's ` Round Midnight ' with a suitably sultry and laid-back performance on flugel horn.In between we are treated to a favourite item by Ennio Morricone , the atmospheric ` Man with the Harmonica ' from Once upon a Time in the West , an intriguing ` Caravan ' arrangement -LRB- Ellington -RRB- , the Mysterious Fugue by Astor Piazzolla making his second appearance and featuring the cellists gradually returning to the stage -LRB- a sort of reverse Haydn 's Farewell -RRB- , Kaiser-Lindemann 's exciting Bossa for 12 , before concluding the concert with the Beatles ' perennial ` Yesterday ' . The documentary is that very rare thing indeed - a documentary that will probably be enjoyed on more than one occasion . This very well-made and involving 59 minute film by Enrique Lansch charts the history of the ` 12 ' from the beginning in 1972 to the present with copious interviews and comments from founder and current members in a variety of settings . In addition we eavesdrop on rehearsals for a new composition , Labyrinth , by Sofia Gubaidulina and become deeply involved in the Asian tour focusing on Beijing and Shanghai.What comes over so strongly in this documentary is the cohesive strength of the ensemble , their ability to harness disparate and strong personalities , their good humour in the face of an exacting work schedule and their remarkable reserves of generous energy . This is a very special group of musicians indeed.The accompanying booklet is excellent as is the camera work which is fully involving and which delivers high quality imaging throughout the concert and documentary . The sound is clear in typical HD terms and is presented in full range surround DTS 5.1 of clarity as well as stereo . The documentary has subtitles in English , German and two Asian languages , the scripts of which are beyond my understanding.This is a unique disc in terms of its content , both as a concert and as a documentary . Both are of a very high standard indeed and should give considerable repeat enjoyment to any purchasers attracted by the program on offer . For all the reasons described above it seems only reasonable to rate this as a clear 5 star issue .
 Took it to China as a gift . They played it in a newly complted home therater . I was told it was great
 I love this movie . It is a story that teaches while it entertains . You wish you were there to help , to be like Fred 's character . I too , wish it would come out on DVD but would be happy to get the VHS format .
 I love this movie !!!! Why ca n't they sell a truly great Christmas Movie ?????? Fred Savage and Hume were great together . Please release this movie on DVD !!!! Thanks Jean a Christmas movie junkie
 Not the typical silly fantasy type Christmas movie . A truly touching , warm and wonderful lesson in humanity ~ while simultaneously real life sad . I truly wish everyone could watch this `` MUST SEE '' movie !!! PLEASE RELEASE ON DVD !!! PLEASE !!!
 I love this movie to I have one but it is a pal and i cant play it on mine i really want this movie maybe thats all the make i wish they would make a dvd too i would watch this movie at christmas great movie if anymore can help me find this movie for me i would be so happy
 This is a wonderful , heartwarming Christmas movie . I saw it years ago , but have always remembered it . I hope it is available on DVD soon , as I 'd really like to purchase it !
 You can rarely go wrong with Kathy Smith . Her videos are consistently well-produced , excellently choreographed -LRB- simple enough to be effective and easy to follow yet interesting enough to be fun -RRB- and effective . I get 90 % of my workouts done with videos and she is really the cream of the crop especially if you 're just getting started -LRB- she 's great for intermediates as well -RRB- . This video is not just for perimenopausal or menopausal women . I bought it as a Christmas gift for my menopausal mom and at 22 , I use it more than her ! The informative sections before and between the actual workouts are useful for people of any age . The nutritional tips are sound and the discussions about the cultural and personal meanings of menopause were interesting to me even if I am 30 years away from if myself . The cardio segment is the best . It 's fast and thorough , it will really get your heart pumping , and I enjoy working out to it . I am less pleased with the strength training . It is n't bad per se , she 's just done better . Some of the poses in this section may be too challenging for beginners and other moves are n't challenging at all . The one part of this section I enjoy is the Pilates part but there 's not enough of it to consider it a thorough Pilates session . I 'm not a big fan of yoga so her yoga section did not do much for me . However , if you 're just starting with yoga , the majority of poses are possible . However , beware if you have not done yoga before or are inflexible because the last 1 or 2 poses are too difficult for beginners . You may want to try KS 's TimeSaver Strength Training tape which contains upper and lower body and abdominal work in separate 20 minute sections and Kathy Smith 's beginner 's yoga tape . One more thing that gave me pause about this video is that KS has been releasing too many 20 minute cardio workouts . While this is enough of a workout to maintain cardiovascular strength and a weight you are already pleased with , if you are trying to lose fat , you need more than 20 minutes of cardio . I hope Kathy Smith will release more 40 minute cardio workouts as she has with her excellent Functional Fat Burning step workout . All things considered , I still think this menopause workout is worth purchasing . The cardio is great and the other sections are as well , I 've just preferred a few other tapes she 's made more . Kathy is the best !
 I purchased this DVD b/c it is a DVD . I do n't know why workouts keep coming out on VHS and rarely on DVD . So , that said , I received this dvd today and did the 3 part workout
 Kathy Smith has always been an inspiration to me , but even moreso now . This video has good , solid , useable information about peri-menopause and menopause and what to expect and how to cope . Kathy 's be-kind-to-yourself approach to fitness is comforting . Her two assistants on the tape help as well because they seem like normal people , not super-bods . The 20-minute segments make up a very good 60-minute workout , or you can break them up and do them separately . Each 20-minute workout is good in and of itself . I also appreciate the discussion at the end of the tape with the health care professionals who also dispel myths and give advice . It 's definitely money well spent .
 First of all let me say that the DVD format is ideal for exercise programs , allowing you to skip to exactly the desired workout without all the rewinding and fast forwarding . As someone who has been exercizing on a regular basis for the past 6 years , I have come to realize the benefits of exercise . Kathy is ahead of her time for targeting menopausal women . It is even more important to stay fit at this stage of life . I have been doing her cardio and strength training segments exclusively since receiving this DVD . Her workouts are a pleasure to do and her tips for staying healthy are an added bonus .
 I 'm so impressed with this video that I have also ordered the book . I recommend it to every woman near or over 40 . We are the most fortunate generation of women to have access to this much help to deal with the health concerns of our lives . I own a library of Kathy Smith videos that I 've collected over the years . They have all been hours of fun exercise and helpful tips for good health , which has improved the quality of my life . Once again Kathy has released just what we needed to reach our fitness goals and improve our health . This time the focus is on improving the quality of life through mid-life and beyond . I am so thankful for all the work she 's done but this program in particular is outstanding .
 I ca n't tell you how great this video is - I loved it !! Even though I 'm only in my 20s , it is still a great workout and I love the way they make each section only approx . 20 mins - perfect for today 's busy woman . Even the workout music used during the segments is good.I also love the graphics in the information sections !! The video comprises Cardio , Toning -LRB- with weights and Kegels -RRB- and Yoga sections which can be done individually or as a combination.It is also highly informative - plenty of information that the viewer needs to know about what will happen in the near or distant future . It includes information on diet and which exercises relieve which symptons ; Osteoporosis is not the only concern we should have!You 've done it again , Kathy !!
 I worked out to Kathy Smith tapes regularly for a long time . That was before I let myself go 5 years ago and gained 35 awful pounds . Now , just starting out all over again at the age of 42 , I could not keep up with the different types of steps being changed in this DVD and would have preferred it if she had stuck to a fewer number of moves a little longer , rather than having so many to learn/change so rapidly . I began cheating and just doing my favorties over and over before becoming too frustrated and stopping altogether.I would recommend the Sansone `` Walking Away the Pounds '' DVD 's for those -LRB- like me -RRB- who are very out of shape and just starting out again . It has a lot of basic steps repeated , with varying arm movements to get your heart pumping and body conditioned for the more moderate DVD 's like this one.However - I gave it 4 stars because of the menopausal informative sections and the great yoga section . Also , because I WILL someday again be able to keep up with her . But for the time being , this DVD is just too much .
 Wow , what a workout ! I 've recently re-started my workout program and wanted something up-to-date and this DVD really delivers . I 'm in my forties , a bit overweight and do n't like to do alot of jumping so this program is just right . It has different intensity levels so you can work at your level of fitness , has a cardio , weight training and yoga section plus offers some helpful hints for getting through menopause . The routine is interesting but not complicated and works both upper and lower body . The chapter list allows you to choose where to start ; each section is only 20 minutes so you can divide the routine if you 're crunched for time or do the whole thing when you 're not . I also like the real women Kathy has working out along side her , no fitness babes here !!! The equipment is minimal ; just some weights , a towel , and a mat or towel for the floor work . I 'm left sweaty , and worked out from head to toe but feeling energized and like I just did something great for my body , my health , and myself !!
 I first bought the book of the same title and really liked the workout sessions recommended towards the end of the book , but particularly with the weight section , I was concerned I was n't doing it correctly . I bought the video to help with the lifting instruction and it is a perfect companion . She even interjects in the middle of your repetitions to remind you how your posture should be or where your shoulders should be , etc. . I 'm really enjoying the workouts-so hopefully I 'll use them !
 It 's a great fun workout , the video is divided into 3 parts , areobics is fun , easy , but you get an excellent workout , part 2 strenght training also very good -LRB- if you like an intense total every part of your body this wo n't be enough -RRB- . Yoga I do n't do so I skip this part , the abs part is very good also . It also gives alot of tips for hotflashes .
 This dvd is simple and low-key , but do n't be fooled
 This is the perfect movie for women who want a little exercise to stay fit without getting hurt . It is great for that . I bought it for my mother who is about 50 . She 's always been skinny , but never has worked out . She was started to get some belly fat , but did n't want a workout routine that would hurt or really push her too much . She does this 4 times a week and says it 's perfect .
 I was very impressed by this tape ; both the exercise routines & the informational sections . If one 's in a rush & wants to do the routines , obviously , skip the talk , but one should take the time at some point to listen to the informational sections ... they 're informative , important , & may provide many answers to those experiencing , or those who will experience menopause . The aerobic , weight , & yoga routines are again , great for beginner to advanced . Beginners or `` time savers '' can split the apprx . 20 min . each routines . If you have the time & are in shape , go for the gold ! K.S. 's routines can be tailored from beginner to advanced . The informative tidbidts regarding health tips , etc. interspliced between & within the routines are inspiring , rather than annoying , & make sense . One feels great about working out , & if you are experiencing `` peri '' or full menopause , this is an excellent tape that will make you feel better about yourself both physically & mentally . I would certainly recommend this particular workout to either one 's K.S. workout library , or one 's exercise workout library in general .
 I 'm really out of shape , though was very athletic in my youth -LRB- I 'm now 57 years old -RRB- . As a recent birthday gift to myself , I bought 6 fitness videotapes from Amazon , and this was the second I put on . And now that I met it , I 'm not even going to bother to try the others until I 'm really tired of this one . Kathy Smith is wonderful -- intelligent but not schoolmarmy -LRB- as the first tape was -RRB- and challenging but not out of reach . Kathy runs you through the beginner level and then proceeds to advanced level , but encourages the beginners to carry on at their level until they 're -LRB- we 're -RRB- ready to move on . I do n't like getting interrupted every 20 minutes for a health lecture , but I just fast forward to the next segment . I like doing two 20-minute workouts -LRB- cardio and weights + bones -RRB- , which just fits my schedule . I 'm writing this to encourage myself to stick with it , but if anyone can keep me conscientious , it 's this excellent tape . I strongly recommend it .
 The information sections have been very helpful . With this DVD you get it all , challenging , but not killer aerobics , strength training and relaxing yoga . Kathy does it again with a very thoughtful , fun , helpful workout . I would highly recommend it for anyone approaching or experiencing menopause .
 I used to be neutral about Kathy Smith but this DVD really exceeded my expectations . I bought it initially thinking anything I learned about hormonal imbalance and perimenopause from this would be useful , and I thought even a one time viewing would make it worth my while . I was pleasantly surprised , and only wish I 'd bought it back in my 30 's ! It 's packed with a wealth of information . So much so , the DVD version is more practical so you can choose what parts to view on various days rather than having to fast forward through areas.My favourite parts of this DVD are the comprehensive informational segments , tips , and interviews with various health experts , as well as the restorative yoga which feels absolutely wonderful and is terrific even for low energy days . The benefits of the yoga postures are explained as you do them , which I found really helpful . And the length of the practice is perfect - finally a yoga routine I actually can fit into a busy day ! I also like the setting , which is a pretty indoor set with Asian accents.The cardio part I do n't use as much as I prefer slightly more gentle cardio such as Leslie Sansone 's indoor walking videos . I have yet to do the pilates and strength portions , but on preview thought they looked really good and look forward to trying them this weekend.For her presentation , comprehensive information and yoga segments alone , this DVD is well worth the price . Kudos to Kathy Smith for doing such a great job and getting the right people together to get this much needed information out there !
 My only regret is that I let this video sit for six months after buying it in the throes of misery
 Some reviews suggest that the moves are n't for beginners - I disagree . If you could do all of the moves right away , what challenge would there be in that ? When I first tried the cardio workout , I laughed and imagined my horror if I was trying to do the routine in a gym full of people . These moves are n't overly complicated . Stick with it , and soon your confidence will grow as you are able to do first one move with Kathy and then another . There are easy ways to take the level down during the routine and Kathy points them out . Today I did all but one sequence and know that I 'll be doing that last one just as soon as my body finally accepts that it must do my bidding ! The cardio workout is low-impact . My 42-year old knees complain a bit but only a bit . Already in decent cardo shape from a year of walking and light weights , I use the 20-minute cardio workout on this DVD as a supplement to my other workouts . The weight and yoga sections of the DVD are also excellent . Kathy is a terrific coach - lovely and upbeat but never grating in a high-pitched cheerleader sort of way . I highly recommend this DVD for anyone just starting back into fitness or as another tool for those days when you want some `` extra '' calorie burning and heart pumping fun .
 This is a very good workout for anyone who wants some intensity without the joint strain . Kathy combines yoga , strength training , and cardio activities into an easy to follow and effective workout . There is even an option to do the workout with music only -LRB- minus the verbal instructions -RRB- . As usual , Kathy manages this without sappy pep talk found in other workout programs .
 I enjoyed hearing -LRB- and seeing -RRB- Kathy Smith talk about women 's health issues , but unless you are very fit , this would be a hard workout to keep up with -LRB- in my opinion -RRB- . It does pose a challenge and is far from boring , however . I rated it a 5 star for those that are at the level needed to perform her workouts .
 I was very plesantly surprised by this video and I learned a lot about peri-menopause and menopause itself , what to eat , what to do to help relieve symptoms , etc. . . it 's extremely detailed and friendly.The 3 workout segments are basic and short at 20 min . each - I liked the strenght workout the best . These shorter milder workouts are good for a day when I feel tired but want to do something good for my body.Well done Kathy and thank you for talking about menopause !
 I like working out at home . Kathy Smith does an excellent job with this DVD . It has many features , I can customize my workout each day . She is professional , I can follow her and feel like I got a decent workout when I am done . Also you get a lot for the money .
 This is the 3rd Kathy Smith DVD that I 've bought and I love them all . I like the variation and the intensity of the work out . A must have !
 dbz kai is outstanding , and it has never looked better ,1080 p output , dolby trueHD , it cant get anybetter then thisthey reanimated some of the fight scenes , and reanimated some scenes to progress the story more quickly , that makes it look even better.the new voice cast will grow on ya , they keep some of the old ones so its ok to me , i must suggest to get this on bluray cause i dont think they will ever release the original dbz on blu ray format.the packaging i like , -LRB- but i like everything dragon ball -RRB- , so it looks cool.and it has no filler it progresses the story faster , with more action , like i said this release is freakin sweet !!!!!! this is a must have.i recommend this to all DBZ fans !!
 I 've since given up on the english dub of the original Dragon Ball Z anime . Compared to the original Japanese version , it just was n't accurate . The dub of Dragon Ball Z Kai on the other hand , is freaking incredible . The script is accurate and the voice actors sound amazing . For this set , I loved J. Michael Tatum as Zarbon and Chris Ayers as Frieza . All of the original cast members who stayed on from the first DBZ series are great too . If you 're a fan of Dragon Ball , you have to see this series . If you have n't seen Dragon Ball before , then this is the version of the series you want to see !
 Always liked Dragonball Z . Now I love it . This revamp of the series was worth the wait .
 It is true that you miss some of the more humorous moments and side character development scenes , but the sound and visual quality ca n't be beat and you can get through the main story line much faster this way -LRB- around 100 episodes total -RRB- compared to the original version -LRB- 291 episodes -RRB- .
 I dont know if every FUNIMATION Bluray have A/B Region but that is the coolest thing that FUNIMATION have ever make , because in Spain we dont have this anime series relesed on dvd or Bluray -LRB- we have dubbed for TV , but not more -RRB- . Thanks for everything !
 For the hardcore fans I 'd suggest that you get both Kai & the full original DBZ series . For the casual perhaps just Kai . Looks great on Blu
 The first 13 episodes run for $ 21.49 currently on Amazon . The next 13 are $ 37 ? Um ... what ? Guys , I 'll get all 100 episodes if the pricing stays reasonable , but hopping around on your price point ai n't gon na cut it.The content itself is awesome . No filler , direct Toriyama Dragon Ball Z , presented with the pace it was originally intended to have . Wonderful!The English sub work is also quite good as well . Let 's just get the pricing figured out so we as consumers do n't feel like we 're getting jerked around.Minus 1 star for jumping $ 15 in cost for no apparent reason .
 The original `` Dragon Ball Z '' packed a lot of unnecessary fat onto the meat of Toriyama Akira 's manga . Adapted from the final twenty-six volumes of the manga series , the producers wanted to stretch out the story into as many episodes as possible to stuffed in a bunch of filler and random content onto the main story . `` Dragon Ball Z Kai '' takes a carving knife to the series and slices away all that extra , leaving only the pure Toriyama-elements . Reducing the series by more than half , `` Dragon Ball Z Kai '' has a hundred episodes compared to `` Dragon Ball Z '' 's two hundred and ninety-one . That , my friends , is a lot of filler . A hundred and ninety-one episodes of filler.Along with the episode reduction , `` Dragon Ball Z Kai '' has digitally restored the faded cels , replaced missing cels , and recorded both a new English dub and a new Japanese voice track using a mix of new and original voice actors to match up with the re-tooled version . In short , `` Dragon Ball Z Kai '' is like a straight shot of tequila compared to the original `` Dragon Ball Z '' 's froofy , over-decorated blender marguerite . . Boxset Two of `` Dragon Ball Z Kai '' has episodes 14-26 on two DVDs . The episodes start with Goku powering up with the 3x Kaio-ken to duke it out with Vegeta , and ends with a final throw-down between Vegeta and Zarbon . And in-between is action , action , action.If you have never gotten into `` Dragon Ball '' and always been curious about it , then these Kai releases are the way to go .
 As I said in my review about part 1
 Well , I have to say Kai is amazing , it is DBZ the way it was meant to be seen , no filler , and faster paced action . I just wish they would be released sooner , 4 months each is a while to wait .
 I have been a loyal fan of Dragon Ball Z since I was younger and watching the original run on Toonami and on VHS . I drifted away from DBZ for many years but have been an anime enthusiast ever since DBZ got me hooked.Dragon Ball Z Kai caught my eye for several reasons
 The battle between Vegeta and Goku comes to it 's end and we reach the start of what many consider to be the original DBZ 's greatest saga
 dragonball z had alot of filler making it heart renching when you saw the anime . Now its more heart renching and pacing i enjoy kai better than z many reasons why its straight to the anime . Hopefully buus arc will be released were up to the cell arc . I enjoyed z along time ago when i was younger but yes i was collecting the orange boxes but to watch the series as it was suppossed to be makes it more valuable as it was suppossed to be . Dragonball z kai is correctly to how toriyama san wanted dragonball z to be during its original production . people should watch dragonball in z or kai what ever they please so pick up a copy of any version of z the way people want to watch it .
 The product arrived in exact condition and my grandson has enjoyed receiving it as a gift . It was a very much appreciated gift .
 The Saiya-Jin saga . Vegeta and Napa 's story never looked so good . There is no filler ! Colors and film tearing have been repaired . This old video looks amazing .
 This DVD set rocks !! Just like the first release , this set has no filler , more action , and a shorter amount of time just to get from Goku vs. Vegeta saga to the Namek saga in just 26 episodes ! Much better dialogue compared to the original Dragon Ball Z series that was loaded with too much filler and lag time -LRB- and bad dubbing too ... -RRB- : -RRB-
 Kai is simply amazing . It 's a revered and respectful follow-up that the original DragonBall deserved . The audio and animation are spot on in here . No edits that I can detect . The only downside that I can think of is that there is n't an option to view the episodes in a Marathon mode or watch them with the TV Version opening instead of the DVD exclusive opening . Sorry , but I prefer the TV version over this one . But please , do n't stop-don ' t stop WE 'RE IN LOVE NOW !
 This is a well-known classic music documentary on South Africa . A point of reference as a report and as one of the first explorations of this rich scene . It is mentioned on the ` Graceland ' album cover notes as the place where Paul Simon first saw Ladysmith ! Beautifully produced , edited and shot . Pleasurable !
 This is an excellent documentary not only of the South African music scene , but also about life in Black S/A during the aparthied days while Mandela had yet to be freed . We enjoy the entertaining music along with seeing the horrible conditions that produce this genre . However , if you like this , there is an excellent soundtrack of this documentary that features some music that did not appear in the film that was on a CD from Shanachie records . Y' all need to BRING THAT BACK in print and enjoy .
 This is the excellent soundtrack to the 1970s documentary of the same name about South African music . An excellent introduction to S/A Music . Ladysmith Black Mambazo contributes two really nice tunes -LRB- their second selection is a real toe-tapper -RRB- acapella . There is a lovely instrumental featuring just guitars and congas and an equally sweet gospel song . But the highlights are the live selections from the S/A counterpart to the Apollo Theater from the documentary . The tune that features the Mahotella Queens will get you hooked even if you do n't have a clue of what 's being said . You feel it , though . This is hard to find , but WELL worth the effort .
 This was a huge surprise seeing early Mohotlla Queens and Sipho and Johnny -LRB- Clegg -RRB- in their youthful exhuberance . This is a must for anyone who really loves and wants to understand the uniqueness of South African Music . Follow this with Amandla , perhaps .
 As one who never pays attention to what the critics have to say about the movies -LRB- I mean they 're critics , come on , all they do is criticize -RRB- . If everyone listened to them , the movie industry would be non-existent . I mean hey , Ebert co-wrote Beyond the Valley of the Dolls ... need I say more , but , back to the subject at hand . The Mummy Returns is a great popcorn movie . Enjoy it for the great ride and then make up your own mind if it was worth the purchase . Personally , I think you 'll be glad to add this to your collection .
 This is one heck of a movie . It has everything , Action , adventure , romance , and it 's better than the first one . All the actors were great , and The Special effects were ten times better than the last one . If you like to be entertain , and have a very good time ; Get this film . You will not be disappointed .
 Like the other reviewer said , this Movie is not supposed to be an epic tale like Star Wars and the Godfather . Mummy Returns is supposed to be a great action/adventure flick , and it succeds . It had the right amount of plot that these movies are supposed to have , good story but not so complicated that it distracts you from the rest of the movie . I loved that they brought back all the original characters , played by the same actors . If you liked the first one , you 'll love Mummy Returns !!
 The Mummy Returns was a good clean fun movie for just about everyone . While it did n't have the same tentializing plot that the original -LRB- which I just adored -RRB- , it is worth watching on it 's own marits . Branden Fraser returns as the very heroic Rick , who has grown up some and but still every bit the man he was when we last saw him . Evee is still in search of knowledge but this movie twists her character a bit and it was a little harder to swallow . But it was still good to see her kicking butt . Oded Feir finally gets some plot and good lines in there that totally rocks . His mysterious character is just so good to watch in action . John Hannah is as funny as ever as the wonderful Jonathan , who has a heart of gold when it comes to his family ... and money . Arnold Vosloo and Patricia Velasques rocked as the villians . The Rock was hardly there , which was fine but the ending with his face computer generated on was just pathetic . Word of advise to the studio , next time , take a little more time to clean things up before the release , even if you have to push back the date . Good movie all around .
 Great Movie Cast and Crew were great ! Especially Brendan Frasier good guy I met him once . I heard the news a Mummy 3 is in the mix . No not The Scorpion King -LRB- April 2002 -RRB- , but a 3 Mummy sequel to Mummy Returns . Brendan Fraser will be in it . Any other cast I do n't know I at least look forward to a 2003 Mummy 3 . ...
 I loved The Mummy Returns that is now my fav movie.I 'll start with the charactors , Rick O'Connal -LRB- Brenden Fraser -RRB- is really cool for a dad and nothing reallys scares him . Evee O'connal -LRB- Rachel Weisz -RRB- has growen up from the last movie -LRB- The Mummy -RRB- and gets involved in mega cool catfights this time . Jonathen -LRB- John Hannah -RRB- is in it and same with the return of Ardeth Bay -LRB- Oded Feir -RRB- . Of corce Imhotep -LRB- Arnold Vosloo -RRB- is back looking better and WWF wresteler The Rock -LRB- Dwayne Johnson -RRB- is the new villan The Scorpion King . Finally a new main charactor Alex O'Connal -LRB- Freddie Boath -RRB- who is even smarter than Rick & Evee and he is the son of them but he 's really COOL.This movie starts of really quikly with action and it never stops throuh the movie with only a little bit of rest . In this movie we travel alot to differnt locations like Londen , Egypt , Ciaro , Karnak , Abu Simbel , Philie and even a HUGE and AMAZING oasis.the reason this movie only got 4 stars is because of the endind witch is a little far fetched but still exciting.if u like movies with speical affects and sounds this is a great movie for you then and if you like Action , Adventure , Romance and susspens you hav to see this movie.hopefully they will start a seiries of it must go bye .
 As one of the greatist movies the world has seen in the movie theaters now comes to the small screen in your very own house.The movie starts off great and never stops.Brendon Fraser returns as the action struck Rick O'Connell and is now the proud father of a little boy Alex -LSB- played by Freddie Boath -RSB- and he is also the proud husband of Eve -LSB- also returning the very beautiful Rachel Weisz -RSB- The movie starts by Rick and Eve looking for the bracelet of Anubis.Also looking for it is the bad men in the story who later steal Alex who puts on the bracelet.Any way the bad men raise Imothep again -LSB- also returning Arnold Voslo -RSB- They travel all over the world they raise the scorpian king -LSB- played by WWF great The Rock -RSB- he raises all hell but in the end the good guys prevail and live safely ever after.I believe any real die-hard movie fan should own this movie
 I think that the second movie of the Mummy was the best yet ! But what can I say , I saw it at the theaters 14 times . -LRB- And I enjoyed it just as much each time ! -RRB- So keep up the good work . -LRB- I look forward to a third remake ! The Mummy III !!!
 this sequel surprised me i thought that it would be as bad as others in the past but this movie like its prequel made me jump out of my seat even my mother has enjoyed this series of films she has seen this particular film 5 times in the theatre and i personally can not wait for the release of the 3rd film entitled the scorpion king
 The Mummy Returns , in my opinion , actually topped the original story . Imhotep 's character , I felt , was given much more depth . While he still trys to take over the world , he is n't the embodiment of pure evil that he is in the first movie . While it worked once , it probably could n't have worked a second time . The legend of the Scorpion King works , but I had to admit that the way he was reincarnated was a little on the cheesy side . Giving Evy more action in this one also helped , since it did n't leave Rick and Ardeth doing all the work . All the humor of the original movie is here , along with some surprises . That darn stork is still giving our heroes problems . The DVD collector 's edition does n't match the Ultimate Mummy in features , but the outtake reel is pretty funny . -LRB- Although there had to be more screw-ups than we saw . -RRB- The on-location featurette seemed to repeat some of the stuff from the Ultimate Mummy , but was good for those who have n't gotten a hold of that one . All in all , great popcorn movie . Sit back and enjoy the ride !
 If you want to forget your worries for a while and be totally entertained , this is it ! The Mummy Returns is every bit entertaining as The Mummy . This is not a movie with a great plot or extreme suspense , but is an absolute rush with plenty of action and humor . The special effects are awesome and probably the best I have ever seen . When I walked out of the movie I truly felt I had been entertained . Brendan Fraser and the entire cast have done an outstanding job . Definitely a movie to own .
 This movie was your perfunctory summer special effects showboat . There was very little plot , no character development , some flagrant incongruities , and pretty much nothing to sink your teeth into.And yet ... I liked it.Really , I did.This is not a movie you will think about and ponder . This is a movie if you want to watch something that 's just plain old unadulterated fun . This movie is a crowd pleaser , complete mindless entertainment , and being that this seems to be the movie 's goal , it was accomplished beautifully . NExt time you just want to sit back and watch a fun movie , grab this one .
 this was an amazing sequeal to the first movie . the special effects were breath taking and you never left the edge of your seat .
 The action , romance and story line are even better than the orginal . You connect with the characters even more and there is more of a plot than just SFX . True , the ending scorpion king is a little off , but that does n't take away from a truly good action film . Definately check this dvd out !
 The Mummy Returns in an exhilarating special effects thrill ride!Nothing is left out in this Movie . . Special effects , great cast , and awesome plot . the Movie is Funny but yet Action Filled at the same time.Im not suprised at all that it was number one grossed over $ 150 million worldwide , and I cant wait till The Preguel Comes out next year in April . `` The Scorpion King '' , As soon as I get out of school October 2nd , Im Heading Strait to Best Buy to get 4 of The mummy returns dvd sets ... I Promise you , there is no better movie to watch other then The Mummy Returns , The Mummy was good , but returns has a little more edge to it , and definatly more action and humor . I Do Hope that Rachel Weiz will return for a possile Mummy 4 ... if there 's The Scorpion King , I think there 'll be a mummy 4 .
 ok most people where dissapointed that The Rock -LRB- Dawane Johnson -RRB- himself only apperd for about 5 min and his face is also coumputer anamated toward the end of the movie . But The Scopin King witch is staring The Rock shoud hopefully be better and is not to includ any of the cast from The Mummy and The Mummy returns . The plot is bretty good but I choud have writen a better story my-self . The acting is also good to with all of the caraters . Like I seaid see the movie for the plot not The Rock
 Let 's wake up the dead again . There 's revenge . There 's power . And boy does the Mummy travel . The chemistry between Fraser and the Mummy is as fun as ever ; throw in the Scorpian King and things heat up . Amazing visual effects and the story unfolds rather nicely . This movie is more witty than the first one , and O'Donnell 's son adds some clever scenes in the movie . See it !
 I think that many people are trying to hard to be so much the critic about this movie . It was n't the best ever made , but it 's not like I went to the theatre expecting it to blow me away . It provided lots of action with the nice mix of comic relief to give the end result of a movie that I thought was worth the money .
 Granted that this sequel lags behind the first installment of the series , it is by far superior to anything that followed this summer . In a season of mega CGI `` blockbusters '' , here was one with likable and interesting stars and a pace and level of excitement that was breathtaking . Brendan Frasier and Rachel Weisz come close to being the new `` Indiana and Marion '' , indeed it would have been a fantastic casting coup to cast him as Indiana Jones III in the final Harrison Ford flix supposed to be in planning . Imagine Ford , Connery and Fraser as the Jones Boys ! The two Mummys make a nice matched set and a good way to spend a rainy afternoon or a late nite with friends .
 This is a geat movie it is not as scarry as the first one but you will shure be sitting on the edge of your seat .
 Mr. Sommers imaginative and action filled spectacle works hard at entertaining the audience and succeeds -- when it is n't trying so hard . The flashbacks into Ancient times are sumptuous and intriguing . But the SFX get carried away and become distractingly cartoonish at times , i.e.
 I enjoyed the first mummy movie , so I really anticipated the second one . What some people seem to fail to realize is that movies create their own reality , that they take us somewhere new and different from everyday life . These two movies in the series do that task as well as any , and better than most . A movie does n't have to be Shakespeare , or Gone With The Wind in order to be enjoyable . Perhaps they 're not classics , but what they are is first-rate escapism , with likeable characters , amazing effects , and happy endings . What saves both films is that neither of them take themselves seriously . There are bits of broad humour injected into them , just to show they 're having fun . These films provide a good get-a-way from the grind of day-to-day life , not to be taken seriously , and just simply enjoyed . Considering The Mummy Returns pulled in over 200 million in its theatrical release , I suppose some backlash is inevitable . If you are reading this in order to decide on buying the move or not , rent the movie first , and form your own idea on the movie , because as you can see , there is a wide discepancie in the opinions on it . Personally , I liked it a lot !
 I really liked this movie , but I found the fight scene at the end between the Rock and Brendan was drawn-out and the graphics/CGI was horrible . They did a GREAT job on Imhotep on the first movie and with this one as well , but what the hell happened with The Rock 's / Scorpion King 's CGI ? It came out horribly . I 've seen better graphics on Ultima IX Ascension/NOX ... What was the director thinking with that scene ? Oh well , it was hilarious regardless .
 This movie is a must see and a must buy . This is definitely a collector item buy so that your children or grand children can watch it 30-40 years from now so they can actually see one of the best movie of all time . And for those of you that does n't like this movie ... just try and appreciate it ... everything from the actors to the sfx its not an easy movie to make . Oh yeah i 'm selling my collector edition of the mummy and mummy returns to go buy the ultimate edition !
 Great movie ! maybe not as good as the first . Some people need to relax and just enjoy the movie .
 I do n't understand this new wave of teenage `` film experts '' , who think that because they know computers , watch a lot of movies , or even take film classes in college that they are so above everything . The Mummy Returns was a GREAT movie . Why , you ask ? It was Entertaining . One reviewer said it best ... that this is possibly the most fun and entertaining movie since Indiana Jones last cracked his whip . Indiana Jonesis my favorite Triology of all time and I was ecstatic when I saw the first 20 minutes of The Mummy because it revisited my favorite things about movies . The Mummy Returns gave me something to look forward to and enjoy . It 's pure entertainment ... if you want Oscar material , rent Cast Away , American Beauty , or Life Is Beautiful . But remember when cinema first started ? It was n't real at all ! And the acting was terrible compared to today 's standards . But it was FUN . That 's the point .
 I just love The Mummy Returns.Its so perfect.There are love scenes , non stop action , the best visual effects and one of the best things I like about TMR is that the entire cast is back.Its like you know these people.The presence of WWF/WCW champion The Rock as The Scorpion King is a great welcome and seeing Alun Armstroing as the Curator is really neat.I just adore TMR , it was MY most anticapated movie and I ` M glad its here!I bought Alan Silvestri ` s score from Amazon and it is the most impressive music a person will ever hear!By the way , Silvestri ` s music matches perfectly in every scene in The Mummy Returns !
 Yes , by today 's standards this movie is a flop ! What could the makers of this movie be thinking ? No sex , foul language , blood splatter ! Just old fashioned action-filled , swashbuckling , fun . The actors are actually able to speak three words without the `` f '' word ! No `` f '' word in any one of its variations . No between the sheets scenes . Wow , what a concept ! This film is more like the Star Wars genre . Lots of action , special effects and a lot of `` tongue-in-cheek '' humor . I loved this movie . I actually went to see it 6 times , while it was playing in the theaters . I could n't wait for the DVD/video release . You ca n't take this film seriously , it 's too out there . But , you can show it to the kids without worrying about nightmares , the language they 'll hear or excessive violence and lots of blood splatter . It was great to see a `` family '' work together to take down the baddies . I happen to love this movie . But you need to relax and enjoy it . There is no social message here or any racial tension . All the `` of color '' characters actually get along and work together . More movies should be like this one !
 I really enjoyed this movie . The special effects and fight scenes are enthralling . Sure , the story line is far-fetched , but who cares ! It is a movie . And this movie is just plain fun . This is one movie I like to watch over and over . There is too much gore and violence for small children . I recommend it for teens and adults .
 Action Movie . That about sums the movie up . It does n't have the greatest of all plots but thats okay it is an action movie . The special effects are top notch and were amazazing . This movie gripped me from the beggining and had me on the edge of my seat until the end . I have heard bad about the movie and I have heard good . So I 'll leave it up to the buyer to decide but if you must have my opinion which you do if you have read the review this far is
 I had high hopes after the surprisingly good ` The Mummy ' becamean instant cult classic ... but unfortunately it came up short -- for me , anyway . As far as action went , ` The Mummy Returns ' certainly delivered , in fact almost too much if you ask me . As for storyline , I liked the idea of our main couple married andliving comfortably in England years after the original * experience * which brought them together in the first film . Butthe whole Scorpion King thing left me wondering what went wrong?I realize a certain amount of suspension of belief MUST be done in order to even make an attempt at enjoying these films , butthis one took that to the extreme -- again , if you ask me.My children thought it was the greatest thing EVER ... and unfortunately the younger generation asks less and less of the movies they see , and therefore they seem to lack more and morethese days . Some elements bothered me , including the skeletalpygmies which were never explained , and how poor the endingfight scene with the digitally animated Scorpion King looked overall . Every time the focus came to the Scorpion Kings face it was a very poor representation of The Rock who played thatcharacter ... sure you could see the similarities , but overall itlooked poor . The problem with this is that special effects these days have become SO GOOD , the bar has been raised , and ifsomething does n't look 100 % REAL , well it tends to be almost cheesy.Gripes aside , it was still worth seeing and my 9 year old daughter has it listed as her ALL-TIME favorite movie -LRB- where did I go wrong ??? -RRB- . Searching for a mindless load of action ? ` The Mummy Returns ' certainly fits the bill -- and then some . The added bonus features in this particular DVD version definitely make this buy even better , and without spoiling it , give it a shot and I think you might see it again just to see those extra 's .
 You know what , if people are that stuck up and uptight over seeing a movie then they should not be allowed to see any movie period . This is not a movie that is going to redefined film making , it 's a movie that is surpose to be fun to watch ; and it is . I had more fun watching this film than most of the movies I have seen this year . It 's a great reminder of the Indiana Jones films , and a damn good one to boot . It even out does the original , and that in it 's self is a great achievement considering the fact that most sequels really do s. . . If you have nothing better to do other than to criticize the reasons on why people like movies like this , then do yourself -LRB- and all of us a favor -RRB- and do n't watch this film . If you like to be entertain for a good two hours , and feel good afterwards about it , then look no further then the Mummy Returns . A movie that does exactly what it is surpose to do , give us a good time .
 Thats right ! This movie is a great action tale in the spirit of the distant departed Indiana Jones Eygptian epics . This mummy sequel is better than the Original Mummy -LRB- which established the characters & theme -RRB- . All of the ensemble cast returns . The established characters roles are expanded , action packed , great dual love story -LRB- immortal vs mortal -RRB- , unbelievable special effects . Like Indiana Jones movies you buy into the story and question nothing about the physical or mental capabilities of the characters or plot.In summary
 Mr. Sommers imaginative and action filled spectacle works hard at entertaining the audience and succeeds -- when it is n't trying so hard . The flashbacks into Ancient times are sumptuous and intriguing . But the SFX get carried away and become distractingly cartoonish at times , i.e.
 Do n't listen to wierdos who did n't even like the first one ! If you liked the first one , you 'll love this one . Obviousley , if you do n't like the subject matter , did n't like the first one , or just plain do n't like the idea of mummy 's coming back to life , do n't buy it . Also , I advise that NO ONE spit on Stephen Sommers seeing as he is one of the great directors of our time . It is an action packed story full of fun and excitement .
 unbelievably this movie proves that sometimes a sequal to a stellar movie is to throw at us mondo mayhem and plenty special effects more than any other movie in history . This was a good overrall movie . No scene stood out in particular but it was nicely touched . Computer generated effects have come along way and the THE MUMMY RETURNS best shows that . The plot is almost tossed out the window just so we can see Vosloo and co. make full use of hollywood special effects to the maximum . I think it works perfectly though . This is a must own film especially for those like me who dig special effects .
 This movie was even better that the first . There was more action and special effects . The Rock was terrific ! I liked the main characters better in this one , although they did n't waste a lot of time on conversation and character developement . This is an action movie from beginning to end . This is not Academy Award material , just a great movie for its type .
 I THOUGHT THIS WAS A PRETTY GOOD SEQUEL . ALL OF THE RIGHT PEOPLE FROM THE FIRST MOVIE ARE BACK FOR THE SECOND AND THEY HAVE A SON WHO IS INTO EVERYTHING . HE IS A MIX OF HIS MOTHER AND HIS FATHER WHICH GETS HIM INTO MORE TROUBLE THAN HE BARGAINS FOR . THE ROCK HAS A BRIEF CAMEO IN THIS MOVIE AS THE SCORPIN KING AND HE FIGHTS THE MUMMY . SOME PARTS YOU WANT TO FAST FORWARD BUT IT REALLY MOVES ALONG WELL . BRENDAN FRASER IS VERY FUNNY IN THIS MOVIE . IT HAS A GOOD ENDING . IT ALSO HAS GREAT SPECIAL EFFECTS ESPECIALLY THOSE LITTLE PYGMIES IN THE WOODS . I THOUGHT THAT WAS GREAT . IT 'S A GOOD MOVIE REALLY FOR THE WHOLE FAMILY TO SEE .
 Action , Adventure , Love ... this movie has got everything . I really enjoy the chemistry between Brendan Fraser -LRB- Rick -RRB- and Rachel Weisz -LRB- Evie -RRB- in this movie . Brendan is one of the best actors out there these days . His black humor in the movie is amazing !
 This is I think the only movie you can call a Roller Coaster , the action never stops , and when it slows down , all that wonderful cast makes it funny , at lest the comic characters . So , the cast , this is Brendan Fraser at his best , funny , not dumb like in the bomb George of the Jungle , plus a good action hero , he kind of reminds me of Harrison Ford in Indiana Jones sometimes , as the whole movie does . Rachel Weisz is both beautiful and a great actress , plus a very enjoyable character , an in this Mummy she had her kicks , plus looked more beautiful . Arnold Vooslo is a great bad guy , because he is a bad guy in love , a thing that had not been done for a long time . John Hannah is very funny , although he is a very stereotypic character , he is still fun to watch , is not his fault that the character has been played so many times , he tries to keep it fresh . Oded Fehr is good , not a sidekick , another important character played nicely . Freddie Boath was a surprise , at the beginning he gives the impression of a truly lame character and performance , but the movie continues and he evolves into a very funny and not lame and corky like most child characters are always , here is something George Lucas should learn when putting a kid in his movies , specially if that kid will be Darth Vader , Freddie would have done a much better job in playing Anakin . Patricia Velasquez is not as great as the other , but still , she is a newcomer and she is going on the right track . And the Rock , well , he looks like he is the master of the ring , but not the master in front of the camera , thank God he has a very , very , very short part , he only appears in the beginning , at the end his face appears , but as an animatronic , not his real face . Let 's hope he took acting lessons before doing The Scorpion King , the upcoming prequel to The Mummy , which trailer is included in the DVD , which is very good , the menu has a very smart animation , plus the special features are nice as well , with good sound and picture , The Mummy Returns DVD is a very complete edition , and is not even a special edition , here is for Paramount to learn how to make a DVD , kudos Universal for bringing out a good edition for this movie , although , I did not like that you have to watch both the trailer for The Scorpion King and the Universal movies in DVD trailer when you want to se the movie , same thing for The Mummy Ultimate Edition , they should make in the future a trailer for the special features and leave the movie alone . But still , that is not a huge problem , the movie is very good , very fun to watch , not a movie for people who like to think too much , no , a movie for normal people who sometimes just want a good old adventure film like Indiana Jones , Stephen Sommers is a good director , because although this might not be the smartest movie , it sore was something connecting the two Mummies like he did in this one . Watch both and see my point .
 This is a great movie . It has good special effects as well as some very funny parts . I enjoyed Evie 's visions as well as the cleverness of their son . A good movie that you will enjoy
 I really enjoyed watching this movie as well , and I thought it was just as interesting as `` The Mummy '' with less horror and more action . Again , this is more like a adventure-comedy-romance type movie , not at all horror like you 'd expect . I recommend this movie to people who just want to enjoy a movie and feel relaxed and happy after watching it . Lol
 Mummy returns is a pretty good movie but there are a few things Iwould change . Number one I did n't care for the way that they made Seti the First into a total bastard . Number 2 the ending was a little depressing . I think Imhotep and Ancksunamun should been able to have a happy ever after too . Also they should have made sure thatthe Princess was called by the same name through out the movie.On the up side using the ancient language of KMT -LRB- Ancient Egypt -RRB- was a wonderful touch . I also enjoyed the Ancient Egypt scenes . They did a good job bringing Ancient Egypt to life again.On a scale one to 10 I would rate this movie a eight and half .
 `` The Mummy Returns '' is a GREAT adventure movie . It is in my top 5 adventure/espionage movies , along with `` The Mummy '' , `` Raiders of the Lost Ark '' , `` Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom '' , and `` Goldfinger '' . `` The Mummy Returns '' is about Racheal Weisz and Brendan Fraser -LRB- I ca n't think of their character 's names -RRB- who have a son , named Alex. They are off on an adventure and when they come home , servers of Im-Ho-Tep come and kidnap him , because he has the Scorpion King 's bracelet . Im-Ho-Tep needs the Scorpion King 's bracelet to resurrect the Scorpion King , kill him , take over Anubis 's dog-monster army , and rule the world.This movie rocks . There are many thrills , explosions , and monsters , including mummies , dog-monsters , pigmy skeletons with little javelins , the Scorpion King who is half man , half scorpion , with huge crab-like pincers , and Im-Ho-Tep himself . There is also a fight between Anak-Su-Naman re-incarnation and Racheal Weisz , using small hand-held tridents.Though , not as good as it 's predacessor , `` The Mummy Returns '' is GREAT !!!
 Where `` The Mummy '' was impressive `` The Mummy Returns '' is a highly impressive movie that is stunning and extraordinarily breathtaking in its non stop action , superb plot and innate comedy ! When director Stephen Sommers put `` The Mummy '' on the silver screen he set a very high standard for himself and those involved . In `` The Mummy Returns , '' he not only exceeds that standard , he raised the bar to an entirely new level that a third film will have a hard time measuring up to . Given how magnificent the first two films are though , I 'm sure that all involved will certainly raise the standards even higher should they decide to make a third movie.Where `` The Mummy '' had `` some '' amazing CGI provided by ILM , `` The Mummy Returns '' is stuffed to the gills with their fine work ! To say that the CGI in this film was amazing is simply an understatement . Adding to the allure of this movie is the fact that all of the actors from the first movie returned to reprise their respective rolls . The ever beautiful Rachel Weisz and the adventurer Brendan Fraser are nothing less than spectacular in their roles . Oded Fehr , having had a much smaller part in the first movie , easily steps up to the much larger role in this movie.Of the many movies over the years that have attempted to portray ancient Egypt , this and the first movie are tops as far as their realism and overall feel of the movie , bringing the viewer `` into '' ancient Egypt through such highly detailed realism.The premise : We flashback five thousand years and see `` The Rock '' as The Scorpion King leading his armies across Egypt only to run into resounding defeat and the humiliation of being sent into the sacred desert of Ahm Shere to die along with what was left of his Army . Seeking revenge upon those who defeated him , The Scorpion King offers Anubis , God of the underworld , his soul . Anubis accepted the offer and gave The Scorpion King his Army ... It is now nine years after the events depicted in `` The Mummy '' and the Mummy , played perfectly by Arnold Vosloo is about to be resurrected by none other than a woman who appears to be Anck Su Namun , but without her spirit resurrected from the dead . She plans to resurrect Imhotep and then he can bring back Anck Su Namun 's spirit into her vassal . They then plan to find The Scorpion King 's resting place , defeat him and take control of the Army of Anubis and take over the world ! This is all a great plan of course , except for one small problem ; the Bracelet of Anubis , which can lead them to The Scorpion King , has recently come into the possession of the O'Connell 's . What follows is as stated above , one of the best films to come out this millennium that combines intriguing Egyptology , non stop action , superb humor and a well matched cast to make it one of the most enjoyable and fun movies to watch.I highly recommend this film and its predecessor as they 're both extremely entertaining ! -LCB- ssintrepid -RCB- Widescreen Collector 's Edition Special Features : - An Exclusive Conversation with The Rock - Unlock the Secrets to `` The Scorpion King : '' DVD-ROM Link to the movie production - Spotlight on Location
 I saw the first one and loved it . so i decided I just had to see this one . And I was n't disapointed . Well , I was a little . But , only a little.Like when Evie and Rick go off and try to rescue their son who has been kidnapped , Evie remembers a past life of hers , which is kinda strange , but really funny all the same , because her husband , Rick , thinks she is crazy.So , the main plot of this is that the Mummy from the first one returns and get 's together with is girlfriend from the past who has been reincarnated and together they are plannin gto take over the world . again . but , they need the scorpian braclet , which Evie and Rick 's kid , Alex has.really good . it has a good sound track , adventure , rommance , and great special effects .
 I enjoyed this movie and watch it over , as well as The Mummy . The humor in the movie was n't forced . The little boy who played Alex did a fantastic job and was very humorous . There could have been less kissing . But a very good movie .
 The Mummy Reutrns ... One of the very FEW sequels I can watch over and over again . It 's not as funny as the first one and Johnathon should have played a bigger role , but other than that , It was a quality movie and worth seeing .
 This movie has it all . It has fun , suspense , and action . There are the same characters as the original -LRB- with a few new ones thrown in -RRB- . The movie is a lot of fun to see . Anyone who has even the tiniest smidgen of interest in Egypt -LRB- or anything related -RRB- will want to see this film .
 If you liked Mummy one , you will certainly have to add Mummy too to the collection . Other reviews give an idea of the plot etc. , but to my glee there are two . . count 'em two Packards in the flic . That 's worth the price right there . If you are not into Packards , just enjoy the movie . A keeper , in my ` umble opinion.Aloha ...
 After the phenomenal sucess of The Mummy what else would you expect . However this time around they almost equaled themselves . For the Mummy Returns the people bring back the entire cast for romance , danger , suspense , death , reincarnation , and discovery of past lives . We also get to see more of the mummy 's girlfriend , and the Rock as the Scorpion King . -LRB- Who gives us just another reminder that you should never bargain your sole to gods -RRB- The charisma and humor of the first movie also has not left , and like the first one Mummy Returns offer another mind twisting plot . -LRB- The whole reincarnation mini plot blew me away . -RRB- In conclusion The Mummy Returns is a solid popcorn flick , and offers an excellent sequel to The Mummy . For movielovers everywhere !
 If you are a DVD lover or liked the first one then this would be a movie worth your money . Dont watch it thinking that it will be the best movie ever cause it isnt but is worth 20 some bucks if you are a DVD fan like .
 The special effects were better than the first . There were far more action scenes . The storyline was more in depth . The Scorpion King was a great villain . This was just a better all around movie than the first .
 For all of you people who have not seen this movie then shame on you.This is possibly the best movie of the last 10 years -LRB- yes i know i have just angered all you star wars fans but please let me finish -RRB- . The original left you thinking that there would be a sequel and they did ` nt dissapoint us with this.The cast were very good because they never changed any of the original characters and it went along on a variable joyride of thrills and spills.This movie has something for everyone and is no doubt the platform for bigger things for world wrestling federation star The Rock who was only in there a short while and was very good at hamming up his role as the scorpion king.All in all a great film with laughs , scares.thrills and spills a definate classic.Ronnie Birmingham England .
 To suggest that you would only watch this film if you did n't have a brain is a little unfair . We all need to sit back and just enjoy some good unadulterated fun sometimes , and this movie dishes it out in spades.Why is there a problem with films with special effects . The moment someone has make up on it is a special effect , no?Yes , it would be a lie to say that the film has some deep meaning or is historically correct -LRB- there is much debate about the current accepted history of Egypt , anyway -RRB- and the film makes no attempt to take itself seriously . The first movie had the pyramids on the banks of the nile AND at Thebes , but is aimimg for a `` look '' rather than accuracy ... was there a `` Private Ryan '' , a `` Judah Ben Hur '' ? I could go on.Obviously , we all have different tastes -LRB- imagine how boring films would be if they were all the same because we all liked the same thing ! -RRB- So , yes , if you want a thoughtful few hours watch Gandhi , Cry Freedom , Mississippi Burning , all brilliant films , but if you have had a hard day at work , and want to just crash out , then watch The Mummy Returns . Just do n't let anyone make you feel guilty about it .
 This movie is `` AWESOME '' Stephen Somers is a great director in this film . This movie is better than the first one , ithas more twists and turns action to this movie . You should see this movie , and it 's a great one , to your DVD collection . It 's a very fast paced action-adventure horror film .
 THE MUMMY RETURNS -LRB- 2001 , PG-13 = Adventure Action , Brief Mild Language , and Some Disturbing Images -RRB- The Cast
 To put it simply , this is a great movie ! The Mummy Returns is a fast-paced , action-packed , thrill ride with great special effects and an exciting story that will keep you on the edge of your seat the whole time . One very important piece of advice ... for anyone who has n't seen the first movie ... please watch IT before trying to engulf yourself in its sequel . The writers wasted no time at all in throwing the viewer into the action . There is no time for introduction of all the marvelous characters in this story so you 'd better be familiar with the `` Mummy 's '' history before you try to see this . My wife and I loved the first movie , and purchased it on video the first day of release . Now that we have a DVD player we are hoping they will release a boxed set so we can purchase them both together . This one is a definate buy ...
 Like `` The Mummy '' in HD-DVD , the added depth of color and resolution make this HD-DVD one to own -- and one to show off assuming your HDTV is up to it . The contrasts and colors are spectacular and there is detail everywhere.Not to mention it 's just a fun story -- well told , well acted , well directed and certainly made with more than enough production money . And Brendan Fraser/Rachel Weisz are just so cute .
 ADVENTURE IS REBORN.The year 's biggest action-adventure is coming home ... with a vengeance ! Brendan Fraser and an all-star cast reunite with Stephen Sommers for explosive,non-stop thrills in `` the ultimate rollercoaster movie ride!An ancient legacy of terror is unleashed when the accursed mummy , Imhotep is resurrected-along with a force even more powerful
 Great film . Not as good as The Mummy but still good . Buy DVD after you buy Mummy . Then buy this then Scorpion King . The Rcok is great actor but better wrestler .
 The second adventure of this series is set eight years after the first . This time the affects are better and we get to see more of supermodel , Patricia Velasquez , wearing only gold paint as well as toting a machine gun . The most popular scene in the movie is the chic fight between Velasquez and Weiss , no doubt the pause and shuttle buttons will get a work out ... As usuall Brendan Frazer is at his silly best with his now on screen wife , Rachael Wiess a still overly beautiful adventurist . This time they have an equally inqusitive son who simple ca n't leave things alone ...
 Mummy Returns takes the characters and story from the first film and develops on them in a big , big way . The situations and set-pieces are wilder , the odds even bigger and character arcs more complex.Set 10 years after the first movie Brendan Fraser and Rachel Weisz have made a rich living out of plundering tombs and pyramids . Who could have predicted that their old nemesis Im-Ho-Tep would return faster and stronger than before.But I 'm still having trouble seeing Im-Ho-Tep as a villain . Surely it 's the scheming , lying , conspiring supplicants that are the real villains . The look in his eyes at the end , when his lover betrays him , is heartbreaking . I ca n't root for him as a bad guy when he never really does anything bad . Sure he wants to rule the world and all but who does n't ? The effects are not the best -LRB- Star Wars Episode 2 used up all the space at ILM at the time -RRB- but there are loads of them and they 're all lavish and imaginative . I HATE movies that are carried by SFX but Mummy Returns incorporates them into the story in a seamless way . How cool is the big balloon ? Or the approach of Anubis ' army?Most directors screw-up big budget , big scale movies -LRB- AVP , King Arthur , Sky Captain , Exorcist Prequel , Catwoman -RRB- but Stephen Sommers knows where the heart of this kind of movie is and delivers , once again , a cheeky adventure with loads and loads of action and enough story and character to back it up.Filmed in Panavision the 2.35:1 anamorphic picture is perfect and the Dolby/DTS 5.1 is very loud and thundering . A very good soundtrack indeed . The extras are total fluff and not worth the time .
 THE MUMMY RETURNS is a sequel to 1999 's THE MUMMY . It is an Indiana Jones wannabe crossed with a classic horror flick and flavored with a dash of cutting edge special effects . The combination works brilliantly , bringing forth a modern action-adventure franchise full of Abbot and Costello self-parody . THE MUMMY RETURNS takes place 8 years after THE MUMMY ended . Rick O'Connell -LRB- Brendan Fraiser -RRB- has married Evelyn -LRB- Rachel Weisz -RRB- and they have produced an extremely resourceful and witty son named Alex -LRB- Freddie Boath -RRB- . Most of THE MUMMY 's original cast is back including my favorite character , Evelyn 's hokey brother Jonathan -LRB- John Hannah -RRB- . Anyway , in this movie some really evil guys have dug up and resurrected mighty mummy Imhotep -LRB- Arnold Voslor -RRB- . The whole world is in danger because not only can Imhotep spew plagues from his mouth but if he gets his hands on a pretty bracelet he can control the dog-headed demon army of his former arch nemesis , The Scorpion King -LRB- The Rock -RRB- . Then he will be invincible and can conquer the world . Since O'Connell has defeated Imhotep before he 's the only one who can stop him this time around.This is a mind candy movie equivalant to a week-long sugar high . Therefore , most of the acting is cheesy . However , Fraiser pulls off a remarkable performance considering he 's second billing to the real star of the movie . That star belongs to the special effects . There is something to amaze you every five minutes
 For a sequel to a movie that I thought did n't need a sequel , this was wonderful . We meet up again with Rick and Evelyn who have returned to England now have a child , Alex. In Egypt , a band of `` bad-guys '' search for Imotep once more , the leader , the reencarnated Anuk Sun-a-mun ! Bum , bum , bum ! : oBrenden Frasier does an excellent job , still portraying Rick as a heroic quipster . Ready to kick some butt when anything threatens and at the same time provides a very amiable and enjoyable character.Rachel Weisz is perfect as Evelyn , still extremely adventurous and unintensionally mischievous . Something I found improved her character from the 1st movie was how much stronger she was depicted . She could take care of herself and kick butt too!Jack Hannah , Jonathon -LRB- Evelyn 's brother -RRB- provides the comedic relief amd does it well . You see the unintensional mischief with him as well , and why should n't you , the Jonathon and Evie are siblings . He gives off a sort of cowardish aura , but you see how strong and brave he really is , when needed.Fredie Boath , Alex , was very enjoyable . In many movies , when I child is introduced , they seem in the way or annoying , but Fredie Boath is cute as Alex and I thoroughly enjoyed his performance.Oded Fehr , is very believable and gives a wonderful performance as the mystical magi , Ardeth Bay . He is a much more prominent character in the sequel and backs up his larger role with great acting.Arnold Vosloo , Imotep , is , like before , the best for the mummy . I found him the perfect bad guy . Vosloo 's performance is shockingly scary at times , but so good it gives you shivers.Patricia Velasquez , Anuk Su-na-mun , is focused on 10x more in this movie than her short but very memorable performance in the 1st movie . Velasquez 's performance , is excellent . She makes the reencarnated Anuk-Su-Na-Mun , seem more evil and devious than Impotep . She 's a wonderful bad-guy and I applaud her performance.I found that smaller characters in the 1st movie became very important in this movie . I found that very clever and much more interesting . One thing I wish had been focused on MUCH more was the flashbacks with past lives . The best scene , I think , is Evelyn and Anuk Su-Na-Mun 's flashback of their pasts and how they had been connected . I thought that was so interesting and should have been focused on much more.The Rock , of whom I almost left out , gave a wonderful performance as the Scorpion King . I expected a struggled performance but it waqs excellent.I would love to see a 3rd movie focusing more on Anuk-Su-Na-Mun , Neffirtiri , and Imoptep 's connections.Overall , this was a wonderful movie . Excellent sequel for a movie I thought did n't need a sequel . Definitely recommended .
 I have to say that I was really excited when this movie hit the theaters . I thought the first one was lacking a little in the storyline , but the second one came through with flying colors . I loved the special FX -LRB- effects -RRB- and loved the costumes . I recommend this movie to everyone , young and older .
 I love the Mummy Series , and this HD Transfer of the Mummy Returns is all I could have hoped for and more . This is what HD is all about the visuals on this transfer are cracking and the sound pumps too , if you enjoy this movie as much as me and have HD buy this as its about as close as your going to get to perfect ! A must have for showing off you HD TV and HD Player !!
 If you want a review on the film then visit IMDB or the other amazon page for this.Video Quality
 All the effects and vistas look absolutely vivid and stunning . I was really impressed with how the film appeared in this format . I 've owned this movie in regular DVD and the difference is like night and day . Every grain of sand as well as all the detail present in the Scorpion King , the wall of water , and of course the Army of Annubis were all realistic -LRB- looking -RRB- ... and who could argue seeing Rachel Weisz in Hi-Def ? Although both `` Mummy '' films look the best they ever have , the second one wins the unofficial clarity contest . Oh yeah , the sound ROCKS !!
 Funny , entertaining , worth the price of admission , rental , or adding it to your library . A worthy sequel . The DVD has some nice features too . The only bad thing about this movie was the lousy CGI on the Rock at the end , should 've just left him as he was . Other than that , a good watch that does capture the magic of the 1st .
 The Mummy Returns is one of the few sequels that is actually better than the original . It is more exciting and funny than the original , and well , those were the only two things that made the origanal.Brendan Fraser gives a rock-solid performance and Freddie Boath does a fine job as a child actor.The action is more intense than the first with mummies crawling up the sides of buildings and legions of jackel-headed men charging into battle . One of the best scenes has little pygmy men slowly killing people off one-by-one in a jungle . The humor remains funny throughout the movie . I laughed plenty of times.If you like The Mummy or if you like action movies you 'll like this .
 THis movie is a great DVD package . A lot of extra features and fun stuff . The movie and its commentary are fun and educational.The behind-the-scenes and special effects shorts are very well done.The movie itself is a great sequal to the first and if you did enjoy the first film - you should get this too!Thid DVD is the best !
 I loved the first movie . I liked this one . The 4 stars are for the special effects , which far outweigh the story , or lack thereof . The skeletons chasing the double-decker bus were excellent , as were the dog-warriors , and although I thought they were quite silly as a plot device , the pygmies were nicely done . My gripes
 This movie is not without problems . The main hero , played by Brendan Fraser , was a likable wise-cracking swashbuckler in the first movie , but has been reduced to a mere cardboard mythical warrior that all but destroys the original character of the first installment of this series . Also , the character played by the Rock , appears in the first five minutes of the movie and returns at the end as an incredibly poor special effect . I 'm sorry but this is one of the few times where I did n't like special effects taking the place of the actors . On the bright side , this movie does have exciting moments and Oded Fehr , Shaun Parkes who playedIzzy the dirigible pilot and the guy who played Loc-Nah are all scene-stealers .
 The Mummy Returns is the first Earplug Movie of the official summer season . You &#65533; ve been warned.Roaring armies of the undead , clanging sword blades , chitter-clicking hordes of scorpions , thundering waves of water &#65533; it &#65533; s enough to make you bleed from both sides of your head . This is the kind of Dolby movie where evil-hearted theater projectionists will , in the words of This is Spinal Tap , turn the volume up to 11 . Buried among all that noise and visual confusion is some good old-fashioned matinee serial entertainment , the kind of fun Indiana Jones brought back to the marquee for a while . This sequel to the smash-and-clash summer blockbuster of two years ago delivers exactly what you &#65533; d expect when you fork over your money at the box office . If you &#65533; re looking for a cerebral , thought-provoking two hours , then Memento is two doors down in Theater No. 6 . But if it &#65533; s a white-knuckled , computer-generated adventure you &#65533; re seeking , you &#65533; ve come to the right place.There &#65533; s nothing new here &#65533; unless , that is , you haven &#65533; t been the movies in the last four years and seen what computers have done to the medium . The Mummy Returns is predictable , dependable and , if you put yourself in the right frame of mind , enjoyable.These new millennium Mummies , both directed by Stephen Sommers , bear no resemblance to the classic Universal picture of 1932 starring Boris Karloff . Not even a passing resemblance.The other night , I happened to catch a few minutes of the Karloff classic . There &#65533; s a scene early in the picture where the wrapped and age-caked mummy is unwittingly brought to life by the over-excited archeologist who &#65533; s reading ancient Egyptian texts aloud . Cut to the mummy in the background . Close-up on his bandaged hands . Slowly , ever &#65533; so &#65533; slowly , a finger moves . Then , ever &#65533; so &#65533; slowly , one eye cracks open . Believe it or not , it &#65533; s the most frightening moment of the movie.The Mummy Returns has its share of frights -LRB- parents , be warned &#65533; this is not one to take nightmare-prone children to -RRB- , but it aims to thrill more than it does chill . It doesn &#65533; t have time to waste on slow-motion , creaking-finger horror . Karloff shuffles , but these undead dudes gallop -LRB- and leap and scamper across the sheer walls of buildings -RRB- . Slow motion is for sissies.But one wishes that Sommers and company would slow the pace every so often so we could catch our breath . After all , there &#65533; s only so many swordfights , attacking waves of scorpions and double-decker bus chase scenes that one can take in one sitting.The Mummy Returns is on full throttle from the first scene onward &#65533; that &#65533; s when we meet the Scorpion King -LRB- played with Oscar-caliber emotional depth by that great , great thespian The Rock -RRB- . Courtesy of a tedious narrator , we learn how the Scorpion King makes a deal with the evil god Anubis
 My kids do n't get tired of watching this movie , over , and over again . I love it too . It has good family values , humor , and action . A great movie !
 Awesome ! Even though I have not seen the first one I can already tell that this one is going to be much better . The special effects are AMAZING !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Also Imhotep is really cool !!! I Highley Recomond it !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 I have Mummy 1 & 2 . In my opinion I think this is a good sequal to the Mummy . I went to see it at the movies with my family and we all loved it.I new there was going to be a sequal . The two couple Rick O ' Connell -LRB- Brendan Fraser -RRB- and Evie -LRB- Rachel Weisz -RRB- are married and have an 8 year old smart son named Alex.In this sequal there is another villain besides Imotep named the Scorpion King.Aside from all the negative reviews from this movie it had more action and was funnier than the original . The little boy gets kidnapped because he has something valuable to the scorpion King , Evie has flashblacks about her previous life , there are alot of new and old characters , There is a three-person battle between Rick O'Connell-Imotep-Scorpion King , and much more.I really liked it as much as the first film and there is alot new stuff in the movie . I hope there is a third sequal .
 This is a great action movie ; we already know the characters from the first film , why not just jump right into it ! If you liked the first , you 'll like the second - and what about that next movie , hollywood guys ? No , the Scorpion King does n't count - I want to know what Rick and Evie tackle next . By the way , you can double your pleasure from this film with your family by adding the nifty A&E Egypt double-dvd - Mummies And The Wonders of Ancient Egypt .
 This was a very fast paced , exciting movie . Although I liked the first one better , this second mummy movie was pretty good . I liked the story line . All the actors were wonderful . I think you would enjoy this one . Go ahead and see for yourself !
 Excellent movie with high adventure and good acting and made with a high amount of American money , given it higher qualities
 The Mummy Returns -LRB- Deluxe Edition -RRB- -LSB- Blu-ray -RSB- The price was good and the arrival time from ordering was fast.The quality is great .
 This movie is very good a bit long but keeps you riveted every minute . Not a dull moment.I like it so much I purchased rather than rent . I highly reccomend this movie .
 I caught a sale from ComicCon 2012 on the Mummy movies and picked up this one andThe Mummy
 We watched this as a family and felt it was better and more family oriented than the first movie that was darker and grosser in its mummy character . The character of the son makes this more of a family pick . He was cast well and was a good mini hero . We loved seeing the famous Egyptian sites and will use this as a good excuse to look them up to learn more . It was a little long for our Saturday evening movie but it was good enough that we did n't mind relaxing the bedtimes . We did n't particularly like that there was so much skin showing but I guess this makes the movie appealing to wider audiences . We plan to watch the Scorpion King movie soon .
 Loved this movie . Usually sequels are not as good as the first show , but this is an exception . I enjoyed it as much , if not more than The Mummy . You learn more about the characters ' history in this show and their characters are fleshed out . The story itself is as good as the first , with new evils and characters to keep you on the edge of your seat at times , and the mix of suspense and humor is there . There are no dull spots it the movie . It keeps your attention from beginning to end . The bad guys are marvelously wicked . It 's worth the price , you will watch it more than once and each time you watch it you 'll notice something you missed the last time you watched it .
 hey enerybody i got this video its cool it even shows a cool war in it I think Its a Must See Movie .
 If you love The Mummy - you will love this release in all it 's HD goodness ! Go , buy it now - listen to the voices in your head : -RRB- Excellent picture - Excellent sound !
 The best thing about this movie was that they avoided the pitfall that most sequels make
 Unlike many bore a minute flicks we all seem to see lately ... i 'll name no names . The Mummy Returns is a brilliant and well scripted movie . When i saw this in theaters i was blown away ! I am devout fan of The Mummy but truthfully The Mummy Returns is even better ! There was never a part in the movie were i was bored straight out of my mind . The action is phenomenal and even better they have a well thought out script to accompany it . The part i enjoyed the most was there was n't a scene i wished would hurry up and move along . The dry wit they used is so refreshing from the `` typical '' slap stick comedy that most movies rely heavily on to keep you interested . If you do n't enjoy this film ... my deepest sympathies , go catch the latest clich&eacute;d gross out comedy at the movies theater .
 THE MUMMY RETURNS is exactly what a good quality sequel should be ! It 's what we true movie goers have been waiting for
 As far as sequels go , no , it does not have the depth of the original . I would actually place the first movie on par with the Indiana Jones movies . However , the sequel does contain all of the fun and excitement of the original . Sit back and relax . In these troubled times , this movie is exactly the kind of escapist fun that we need . It has characters we care about , tons of laughs -LRB- the pygmies towards the end just about made me fall out of my seat with laughter -RRB- , and really spectacular special effects . Turn your brain off , relax , and enjoy the ride ! More of a renter than a keeper , unless you 're a die-hard fan of the first movie .
 I loved this film - the action , the effects , the cast and crew - everything was marvelous ! And the pace was perfect - exactly what you expect from an action film . It was fast and furious , but it made me want to come back for more ! And I guarantee you , I wo n't be the only one lined up in October to buy this DVD . It 's a real treat !
 `` The Mummy Returns '' came in close behind the original `` Mummy '' movie . Sure the little pigme people running around where hard to buy but it was the special effects that had me captured . At the end of the movie is the `` Rocks '' staring role , but there is a shock to see the `` Rock '' at the end . Will I tell you what the shock is ? No go out and rent it if you want to find out . The DVD version is awsome . It has behind the scenes features , cast outtakes and even a feature of a new attraction at Universal Studios in Hollywood , CA . However if you want the full `` Mummy '' experience be sure to catch the first . The Munny Returns filled the vacant shoes of a good action packed film with a puch or two .
 I do n't know what is wrong with some of you wet blankets but I thought this film was great . One of the best sequels I have ever seen , and it gives the goods ten fold . Action , Special Effects , and good clean fun . With a year of extremely bad films , this was one of few exceptions . If you want to cry and morn about how it did not move the earth of film making then that is your loss . If you lighten up and get a life , you would see what this film is truly about . A great , fun , and exciting film that really puts a smile on your face .
 This movie was amazing . It was so good . This is now my favorite movie . The child is a very good actor . I used to think The Patriot was my favorite movie ... not any more . This by far everyone should see . It is not very scary . IT IS SOOOO GOOD . Even if you are young it doesnt matter . It is very good and I recommend this to anyone who loves Eygpt or is 9 and over . It is not gorey at all . It is wonderful . I believe tha parents shouldnt be so strict they should at least let there children see this one movie . It is very interesting how the lady has visions . I do n't want to give anything away .
 This was a film I keenly wanted to see after the first installment and I must say that all the hype about the Rock was somewhat amusing given his minutes of airtime -LRB- most of that as a computer-generated figure -RRB- . However , the film plays with the gusto that you come to expect from Fraser , Weisz , Hannah and co. . A delightfully watchable action film that has breathed a new generation of life into the Indiana Jones theme . I can only hope they produce a third film.The only disappointing aspect to this film -LRB- and thus why it does n't get five stars -RRB- was that there were too many threads in the plot , most of which got dropped at various points in the film almost as though the director realised the disbelievability of them and sacrificed script for special effects -LRB- much like Tomb Raider -RRB- . Without giving anything away the descent into ` we 're actually reincarnated from powerful Eygptian gods/heroes ' brought a touch of the ridculousness to an otherwise excellent film of the genre .
 Okey dokey , * cough * The Mummy Returns DVD ! One of the most anticipated DVD 's of the year . I bought it -LRB- but can tell that they 're going to make an ultimate edition DVD DAMN IT ! -RRB- and was quite impressed by the features . Outtakes -LRB- Hilarious -RRB- , 3 behind the scenes featurettes -LRB- although I ca n't find ' A special message from Oded Fehr ' . Why do they have to hide it ????? -RRB- Behind the scenes documentary -LRB- quite good -RRB- and of course what made the movie ` The special effects ' 15 minute look in on how they did it . You know like ` Behind the magic ' and the guy with the mask on or else he 'll be hunted down by the magicians for revealing their secrets . But the damn special effects documentary is so annoying as it dos n't play it all at once you have to like choose 3 icons before seeing about 2 minutes of footage then you have to move onto the next icon and see more . * Breathes in and out * I 'm calm now . And what I bought the DVD for ... The Rock . I 'm a huge WWF Mark -LRB- Fan -RRB- and this made me get the DVD -LRB- also ` The Mummy ' Ultimate edition contributed as well -RRB- . They have a nice and tidy interview with the Rock and show you snippets of ` The Scorpion King ' , Sooooo worth it!The Movie itself ai n't so crash hot , it is a very cliche storyline of resurrecting the mummy and taking over the world -LRB- Although Stephen Sommers does make a joke about it ... Good for him -RRB- but who can escape the charms of the lovable characters and the humour that they all contribute to the movie . I must say a great DVD . But can tell , they 're going to do what they did before -LRB- as I mentioned above -RRB- and release an Ultimate edition . I will buy it when it comes out and sell this one as the ultimate edition will have so many more features and way more audio commentary , hopefully the Rock will do one . Well , there is my overview and thoughts -LRB- however annoying they may be -RRB- . Now I will play the waiting game and reserve my ticket for the spinoff movie ` The Scorpion King ' !
 It is quite rare to find a sequal that surpasses the original . I saw this film in the theatres and was overwhelmed , then I got the DVD and the same happened . The Mummy Returns is a wonderful adventure movie that truly has something for everyone . The cast and crew acheived their goal by taking what made The Mummy so much fun and adding unforgettable charcters , drama , a killer score , `` blink and you 'll miss it '' action , and of course jaw dropping special effects . This is definitely a jewel in my DVD collection .
 Folks , if you say bad things about a movie like this , you need to get a life . This is what we call a `` popcorn movie '' . It 's in theaters in the summer , when most people are off from school and are on vacation . That means they want to have FUN.F ... U. ... NAnd that 's EXACTLY what this movie does . It 's thrilling , it 's exciting , funny , scary , and fun . It 's bigger , better , and louder.And the best part
 I thought that this was a great movie because it had a lot of action and i just really really liked it . -LRB- Brendan Fraser is hot and my mom thinks that Arnold Vosloo is handsom . -RRB- When it first came out in theaters i wanted to see it but i didnt see the first one so me and my friend rented it and really liked it so maybe a week later i went and saw it thought it was awesome and at the theaters i saw it nine times . I bought the first one and i watch it over and over again . I cant wait untill October second , my dad even said that he would watch the Mummy and right after that the Mummy Returns . The thing thats bad though is its on a Tuesday so I 'll probably have homework , and then four hours of movies . So for everyone that has n't seen this movie I think you should its a very good movie and the kids would like it too , but there is violence and swearing depends how young they are the might be scared . So i say go and see it . They are my two favorite movies .
 While there are those who said that The Mummy Returns was not as good as its predecessor and thus the original Mummy with Boris Karloff , rate things to strict . The Mummy Returns , in my mind , was a great summer blockbuster film that had all the elements , romance , horror , humor , and quite a lot of action . Personally , I think it is a number of steps above The Mummy -LRB- 1999 -RRB- , since it devoes more into the history of the main characters more so than the first one ever did , and what actually led up to the teaser in The Mummy , the action scenes actually blend in quite well , and even if the movies were only made less than a year and a half apart , the special effects are double the amount and work than the first one . This was a great 2001 movie , and I 'm hoping that the DVD version of the film is going to great as the film itself with its added bonuses .
 This is probably the best sequel after it 's predecessor . It has two times the effect , two times the laughter and two times the action . And this movie certainly live up to it 's name . I must say that this movie is a must for those who ca n't get over the Mummy from the first movie . Brendan Fraser reprises his role as the good old Rick O'Connell , handsome as ever , and Rachel Weisz as the feisty librarian and wife to Rick , more graceful and beautufulful as ever . Not a bad entrance by The Rock either . This movie is a best-seller in Singapore on DVD ! So , I 'm sure it would be a big hit over there , too . Two thumbs up ! Great movie with great special effects , penned by a great storyline ! For those movie buffs who wants to `` test '' their home theaters on DVD and have n't get over the horror-adventure movies , this is one hell of a movie NOT to be miss !
 Like the first Mummy I saw this one in the theatre aswell and I liked it.The video and audio quality are excellent on this Blu-ray version.This movie is good , I really enjoyed it . I liked the first one better though , but that 's just me.I recommend this Blu-ray for your collection aswell .
 Came very fast damage free kind of hate that shipping is 3 times what i paid for dvd
 Another DVD for my grand daughter 's collection . She loved it . Thanks for prompt service .
 DVD came on time in the shape that was promised , would buy again from this seller
 I love this movie . I 'm into the B-movies of the world , and do n't be fooled by the cool special effects and whatnot , it is a B movie . It 's well done . All of the performances are very good . For what the movie is about , I mean a mummy comes back to life and tries to take the army of Anubis to take over the world . Honestly . It 's kinda silly . But if you suspend belief for like 2 hours , you get trapped in the rather good looking Brenden Fraser and all of his friends . And personally , I think without John Hannah as Rachel Weisz 's -LRB- I ca n't spell , do n't mind me -RRB- brother , the movie would be good , but not half as much fun . So go see the first one first , then rent this one .
 The mummy is a great action flick . . If you 're looking for suspension of belief though , this is n't it . Its a fun movie , but not overly believable . I however loved it !
 Lots of action and adventure . If you liked the first you will like this . Has all the original actors . Holds on to the suspense . Surprise ending . I smell a Mummy 3 .
 Lots of action and adventure . If you liked the frist you will like this . Has all the original actors . Holds on to the suspense . Surprise ending . I smell a Mummy 3 .
 I found this to be a great and very interesting movie overall . -LRB- ... -RRB- Brenden Fraser did an excellent job . I do n't remember his name but theat guy that played Adabesi in Oz was on the movie . He is real funny . But as usual in just about every movie he 's on , he has to die . The production itself was great . The fighting scenes rocked . Everybody did their parts well and in the end the whole product was lovely . -LRB- ... -RRB- Imteop was a lot better in the first movie . Even though he proves to be OK here . the one thing I did n't like was when Imotep 's gurl came up and stabbed the other gurl . How they did it was stupid . Those little guys in the forest seemed entertaining to me . The fight scene between Adabesi and Oded was pretty cool . Well , both of the times they encountered each other it was pretty good fight . All in all I found it to be entertaining and a great solid movie overall . And a `` MUST GET '' for the family .
 This movie contains all of the ingredients that made the first so good ! I was laughing throughout at the non-stop action and the constant stream of jokes/quips . Most entertaining ... If I was to put my serious hat on I would say that the last fight scene would have been better with The Rock ` in person ' rather than a silly computer animated scorpian -LRB- more realistic -RRB- . Also I did n't like the fact that the Mummy 's ` other-half ' deserts him at the end -LRB- seems a bit strange after already sacrificing her life for him the first time ... -RRB- Anyways , I enjoyed it !
 This movie was impressive . I liked how it was still pretty easy to understand when I had never seen the first movie . i thought they could have shown the Scorpion King more but I guess that 's why they are making a movie for him . This movie had a lot of characters especially the fact that it had Brendan Fraser go up against two enemies
 I loved the first in the series , so eagerly awaited this one , and went , yeah , well ... not as good.And in many ways it is not , the quiet character development that so was so charming in the first one is rather pushed aside in this head long rush into a pace that never stops for breath . You are nearly exhausted by the end !! However , after the initial grump about it not being as good , I have since viewed it several times . And the more I view it the more I like it . The humour is there , brilliantly delivered by Brandon Fraser , like after rescuing his wife from being killed by the resurrected mummy , they are escaping and she pauses to pull a bench to block a door , and he gently said in his typically comic Brandon voice , `` Honey , what are you doing ? Those guys do n't use doors . '' The kid is precious without being TOO CUTE . Especially fun is his interplay with his kidnappers - ala Ransom of Red Chief , bugging them with `` are we there yet ? '' so typically bored kid !! Also , with the female captor when she tells him to behave and he replies , `` I do n't behave for my parents , so what make you think I will for you ? `` You get eye candy in the female fight scenes , wonderfully staged . A whole returning crew , the the minor leads in the first one playing much more prominent roles , and with reason !! So if you enjoyed it , just not as much , trying a few repeat viewings and you might be surprised . I was . I found I liked it more each time !!
 I absolutely loved the first movie `` The Mummy '' . The storyline was different than the old black and white film adaptation . I thought the writing was a lot better than the original black and white movie . Anyways , after loving the first movie , I knew I had to see the sequal `` The Mummy Returns '' . I loved the sequal even moreso and had to own a copy of the movie on tape . Most movies , the sequals -LSB- stinks -RSB- unless it is Star Wars or Jaws . I must say that I found myself enjoying `` The Mummy Returns '' even more . Arnold Vosloo as Imhotep was made for that role . I was extremely excited to see Oded Fehr return for the sequel as the dashingly handsome warrior Ardeth Bay . Oded and Arnold are two of the handsomest acts I have ever laid eyes upon . There is an unspoken intensity in their abilities that made their characters more believable . Although his role was relatively short in the film , I thought The Rock did a believable job as The Scorpion King which laid the foundation for the prequel `` The Scorpion King '' out now in theatres . The computer graphics of The Scorpion King was cheesy as velveeta but I ca n't really complain . I absolutely loved Patricia Velaquez as Imhotep 's love interest the deliciously wicked Anck Su Namuth . I think my favorite scene with Patricia and Arnold was when Imhotep was bringing his long lost love 's soul . Without giving too much information away , it broke my heart to see Anck 's true colors revealed , that she was more concerned about herself than Imhotep himself . Frankly I thought Rick 's and Evie 's song Alex was a bit on the annoying side as was Evie 's brother . I also thought it was very corny tto see that Evie was the reincarnated soul of Anck Su Namuth 's stepdaughter Nefertitti . Cheesy but it was entertaining to watch Evie 's visions of her as Nefertitti . Purely fictional , I thought both `` The Mummy '' and `` The Mummy Returns '' did a superb job at not patronizing or disrespecting Egyptian culture with stupid stereotypes which often happens in a lot of movies . Yeah there were a lot of velveeta moments in `` The Mummy Returns '' but overall I thoroughly enjoyed this movie . It is a good popcorn movie . Pure bliss in terms of escapism and fantasy . Excellent special effects and graphics and of course the presence of Arnold Vosloo , Patricia Velasquez , and Oded Fehr really made this movie for me .
 I saw this movie right when it came out it was way better the the frist one by far and i really like the features on this DVD one of them is a video of the walk thourgh ride at california 's universel studeos just watching the walk thourgh is not nearly as fun as the ride but if you have been on it before then you can show people what it is like and the background intro is very cool the way they do it i think this one is much better then the first this one has a much better plot it is more fun to watch and i thought the first one was very boring i saw this one a few times in theatre and then got it right when it came its the best so i give it five ***** YOU SHOULD BUY IT !
 I have to wonder what was going through Stephen Sommers ' mind when he started writing this movie . Certainly it must have been something perverse , because Sommers pulled an amazing fast one ; he got Universal to lay out a fortune to make a spoof of big-budget , effects-laden action flicks.Of course , Sommers does deliver the thrills . If you want to see this as a straight action movie , go right ahead , it 's certainly quite enjoyable that way . One of the things I like about Sommers ' satire is that you can take it or leave it , a very generous thing for a director to do . But the cinemaphile in me gets a charge over the fact that Sommers is mocking every convention in the blockbuster with this flick.It 's pretty hard to miss . Sommers visually refers to just about every major epic/blockbuster , especially if they had to do with deserts . There 's the obvious `` Indiana Jones '' jokes , but there 's also `` Lawrence of Arabia '' , `` Star Wars '' , `` Titanic '' , `` E.T. '' , `` The Seven Samurai '' , and a whole bunch more . About the only one he missed was `` Cleopatra '' and I suspect I 'll catch that one when I see it again . He also drops in other pop culture touchstones ; that blimp looks suspiciously like a certain dirigible from MAD Magazine , for example.Then there 's Sommers ' take on the formula . He blows absolutely everything up to ridiculous size . I do n't want to blow any plot points , so I wo n't offer any examples , but one viewing should make it obvious.And then there 's that wonderfully godawful big special effect at the end . I imagine the only reason Sommers did n't take out every third frame to make the motion jerky was because he did n't have the time ; otherwise , it 's a hilarious nod to Ray Harryhausen -LRB- only , of course , not as realistic . -RRB- If you want straight action , this will be most satisfying . But as a rip-roaring spoof , it 's even better .
 Video arrived fast and in good condition , played with no mishaps . Still a bit too scary for grandchildren . wish the duo had made a 4th film , great chemistry together .
 Fiction , comedy , If you enjoyed the Indiana Jones movies you 'll like this one . Kids under eight might be scared by the excellent special effects .
 Anaksunamun is gorgeous , so it Nefertiti , and the rest of cast , I love this kind of adventure movie , so I thoroughly enjoyed it !
 What 's not to like ! Mummies running amouck . Awesome CG effects . Drama , comedy and a great story line all in one . The first two Mummy movies are among my favorites but the third one , not so much . It was okay , but just okay . Did not keep it in my collection . The first two Mummy movies I will watch over and over , so if you are looking for a couple of fun exciting movies , you ca n't go wrong with these . Except for the scarab beetles that periodically eat someone , kids will also like these . -LRB- The beetles might give younger ones bad dreams so I recommend screening prior to letting them watch . You know your kids best . -RRB-
 A perfectly marvelous continuation of Mummy 1 of ancient Egypt . The Graphics and special effects truly enhance the story and are not a substitute for a Story as we see far too often in other movies with second third and etc additional follow up versions of the original . Graphics are truly stupendous and Mr. Fraser does a great job in portraying quite a charachter . this is one movie Im sure youll enjoy as much as the Mummy 1 .
 This one has very much the same feel as the first one , which is great . It 's a very good follow-up to the first movie without feeling like they 're retreading the same ground the whole time.At the end , when Dwayne Johnson 's character appears , there is a bit of a problem since CG human faces are still rather hard today , but definitely imperfect back in 2001 , but on the whole , the special effects do n't distract and do their job quite well . The characters are charming enough and the action fun and frenetic enough that you can forgive a little slip-up in the special effects from time to time.A good watch and a fun movie . -LSB- slight spoiler -RSB- I do find it a little forced that they decided to make Evy the reincarnation of an ancient Egyptian princess . Largely I think they were trying to find a way to give her character more importance in the story . I do n't have a problem with wanting to do that , but this reincarnation thing just felt a little kludged . Not so much , however , to make the movie unenjoyable .
 if you are a brandon fraiser fan and you enjoyed and own the first one then you need to purchase this dvd . i enjoyed the first one when it was in the theaters and purchased that one as well . thought that this one might be better but is was just as good if not better than the first .
 The Mummy Returns is an awesome movie . and it brings the start to The Scorpion King . this is an awesome Movie . I Recommend This Movie For Everyone . If you liked this movie check out the other two Mummy MoviesThe MummyThe Mummy 3
 While the story is original , the villain is not . Again , we have people -LRB- though this time intentionally though , besides to raise the Army of Anubis , why they really want him to kill the Scorpion King , except for the reincarnated Anck-su-namun , is never explained -RRB- . And again , he must suck the life out the people who opened his chest , though again intentionally compared to the first film and it is n't as long and drawn out . Though I must say , in the end , I feel a little sympathy for Imhotep as his love , the only reason for him to live , abandons him . Kudos to Arnold Vosloo for that little moment . Brendan Fraser and Rachel Weisz are back again as well and still have an amazing chemistry -LRB- which you can tell when Evelyn dies and Rick is heartbroken over it -RRB- . This time , they 're married and have a son named Alex , whose not as annoying as some of the other kids in movies I 've reviewed . Must be something about the new millenium that all of a sudden , kids can act . John Hannah is also back and is still the comedic relief but the character comes into his own I think when he fights Anck-su-namun for his sister and recreates the scene from the first film while Alex reads from the Book of the Dead . Oded Fehr and Patricia Vel&aacute;squez also return from the first film though I find Vel&aacute;squez ' character a little annoying at times though she is a legitimate threat towards her enemies and then loving towards Imhotep -LRB- until the end -RRB- , so the actress really knows how to switch emotions when called for -LRB- unlike some actresses I could name -RRB- . The action sequences are executed really well . The double-decker chase/fight , the pygmies -LRB- a scary yet funny scene at the same time -RRB- and the fight with Anubis ' army being my favorite sequences as you can hardly tell that CGI is going on . The music is also handled really well , I think even better than the first film , with the rousing action cue being my favorite .
 Great fun watching `` The Mummy Returns '' , as good as first one `` The Mummy '' . Everybody back & fun again is a ride to world of endless dreams.A trip , I 'll take again & again on my wide screem TV .
 I ca n't decide whether this movie is better than the original . What I CAN decide is that this movie can be described as pure escapism . Brendan Fraser , Rachel Weisz , Arnold Vosloo , Patricia Velasquez , and -LRB- even -RRB- The Rock have given fine performances . The special effects may be a bit too over-the-top but it 's still marvelous to look at . Fast pace , fast adventures , and a different music score -LRB- this time it 's Alan Silvestri and not Jerry Goldsmith -RRB- give feast for the eyes and ears . Watch this movie . It 'll help you escape far far away.A -
 The original Mummy was an incredible film , mixing suspense , horror , action , and comedy . This film is nearly as good , though with much less suspense , and a whole lot more action.I wo n't sit here and tell you that this is better than the original , or even as good , but it comes pretty darn close.I would NOT say that character developement lacked . On top of the first movie , this film had just what it needed . What would films be like without characters like these ? We have Jonathan , the comedy relief , Rick , the hero who doubles as comedy relief and Evie , the hero 's wife who plays an adventerous role . The others are great too.All in all , this movie is a must see .
 After viewing the Mummy , it is usual that the sequel not rate as well as the original but in this case it is not so . The Mummy Returns is a very well done production with lots of action and a good plot . Fine reprise acting is given by the original members of the cast and very good performances are turned in by the new additions . This could be watched as a stand alone movie but I would advise watching the first movie before hand as it certainly helps lay the ground work for the second .
 The original `` The Mummy '' had scary moments , a great story line , enough humor to keep the tension level manageable , and plenty of action . All combined to make `` The Mummy '' thoroughly enjoyable . Of course , one incredibly successful movie begets a sequel ; thus we have `` The Mummy Returns '' . This time we figure out how to tie together Evelyn Carnahan O'Connell -LRB- Rachel Weisz -RRB- and Anck Su Namun -LRB- Patricia Velazquez -RRB- . They knew each other ! Of course ! How could we have not known ? This relationship is used to tie together the parts of the story to the end , though it felt a touch contrived in places.The beginning of the movie starts off with some of the best action in the movie , as the Scorpion King 's amulet is found , Imhotep is brought back to life and there is a goodly amount of chasing around and fighting as various characters are introduced . However , from this point forward the movie seems to lose its way . While the general concept of needing to be at the Scorpion King 's oasis to gain his power is pretty straight forward , some of the journey to get there is a bit of a stretch , falling almost into comedy rather than a serious movie . The best example is the balloon used to travel to Africa . I admit I liked the balloon . However , this balloon just did n't seem to fit with the tenor and quality of the original , and I was a bit disappointed.There were other places where I was a bit disappointed with the movie as well , but my biggest disappointment was that there was so much potential from the original that was left unexploited , and the ultimate effect was that the movie seemed more of way to make some quick money versus trying to create a worthy successor to `` The Mummy '' . Though I felt the movie could have been better , there were parts that shine through as successes . The train was excellent . I am a fan of trains , and the train used in this movie was perfect , with superior detail . The Scorpion King digital effects were very good . Most of the portion of the movie inside the pyramid at the end was well done . There are other places that were also well done mixed in with an occasionally slow story that does n't hold a candle to the original.Had this movie not had such a good predecessor , I suspect that I would have enjoyed it more . However , the comparison is automatic . In spite of my complaints and the down sides of this movie , it 's still a decent movie . Not great , but okay . While I may be in danger of wearing out `` The Mummy '' DVD , it 's unlikely that `` The Mummy Returns '' will get much more than an occasional playing . This could have been a 5 star movie , but the occasionally cheesy story and the lack of a serious scare factor for most of the movie pushes this movie back into the realm of a very low 4 stars .
 Even though the comedy was lost with Alex 's parents , Alex was the one that had me laughing most of the time , first when he ` could n't find ' the key to the `` Bracelet of Anubis '' -- but swears he has n't lost it . Then when he threatens Imhotep to ` get lost ' on his way back to the desert oasis . Imhotep 's response made me quiver ! What made it more scary was that he got down at eye level with Alex and kept his voice even when he spoke.Evy 's visions were a great tie-in overlapping the first and this movie . At first , I thought these were a little long , but as the move progressed , they got more detailed , which helped me understand Evy 's connection to her fascination with ` all things Egyptian ' . In the first movie , she does say that her mother was Egyptian . I do like when she tells the person who is about to spear her brother to pick on someone their own size . I love the cat fight between Evy and Anuck-Su-Na-Mun . The new move she used was a classic ! And it certainly was a surprise.The special effects made some of the scenes at the oasis work . The pygmy scene in the jungle had me laughing so hard I hurt . The water scene was over the top . As for the two guards , well , they deserved Imhotep 's wrath ! Incidentily Imhotep was no fool , except when it came to underestimating Alex 's intelligence . He knew what he was doing when he got to the temple.Anuck-Su-Na-Mun knew what she was doing too . What she did actually hurt Imhotep . I mean , you can see the pain in his face when she says no and turns away from him.I recommend that you watch both `` The Mummy '' and `` The Mummy Returns '' so you can understand the big picture .
 Let 's face it , all sequels suck . They are only a small few that really cut it as good follow up , and The Mummy Returns is One of them . The Whole Cast is back in a rip roaring spectacle than even out does the original in many ways and still manages to give thrill and laughter a long the way . A great Film Deserves a great sequel , and this is it .
 The Mummy Returns is another roller-coaster ride , just like TheMummy was , an action-packed thriller chock full of derring-do asour hero Rick and his wife Evie search Egypt for their kidnappedson , the obnoxious Alex. -LRB- Why would they want this kid back ? -RRB- The highlight of this film is the cat-fight between the two babes , Evie and Anck-su-namun , both scantily-clad and wielding swordsand staves . The special effects are again awesome . Image qualityand sound are excellent.This DVD is loaded with bonus material , the most interestingbeing the feature commentary by director Stephen Sommers andeditor Bob Ducsay . in which they point out their mistakes as wellas their triumphs . There 's also a very brief interview with `` TheRock '' Dwayne Johnson -LRB- not being a wrestling fan , I had neverheard of him before ! -RRB- Plus much , much more . If you enjoyed thefirst Mummy movie and DVD , you 'll certainly enjoy this one aswell !
 In my opinion , The Mummy Returns is a lot better than the Mummy . It 's more fun , has more energy and is n't as scary . It even seems to get better every time you watch it ! The DVD has a lot of cool special feutures , like a blooper reel -LRB- hilarious -RRB- , a history of egypt -LRB- interesting -RRB- a tour through the Mummy Returns Ride -LRB- scary -RRB- and a special message from Oded Fehr -LRB- odd , but I really like Oded -RRB- .
 It 's a rare find that a sequel outshines its predecessor , but The Mummy Returns delivers . It 's a constant ride from beginning to end . The cinematography was better , the special effects were better , and the action scenes were better . Ooops ! I forgot , Rachel Weisz even LOOKED better than in the original Mummy ! Given , she 's a hottie anyway , nothing tops her fight scene in ancient Egypt with Anuk-Su-Namun ! Oh sweet joy ... A definite must-buy !
 I personally like the mummy 2 . I am a fan of brenden frasier ... and i just love wrestling more than anything ... mix them together ... you get great entertainment . Both men are gifted actors ... and cute ones at that . . but the only thing i did not care for in the movie was when the Rock ... . aka . Dwayne Johnson ... was formed into the scopion king -LRB- the actual scorpion thing ... it was so fake looking . . i personally thought that ruined some of the movie . . the shots were great and the views and the story line were too ... . but then u get to the `` scorpion Rock '' and it just looks like it was not for the movie . but other than that i thought it was a great movie and i advise people to seeit .
 These reviews are more heated than a political debate.This sequel is not as good as the original , but still good entertainment , which is what it is suppose to be . It has action , romance and good special effects . Also has an excellent cast . I bought it , and I think it is worth the $ 20.00 I paid for it . How can you not LOVE MUMMIES !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 Despite some poor techinical reviews , this movie is exactly what it tries to be ... a little scary and a lot of fun . Though the final scenes depict a rather silly looking evil entity , the movie is very entertaining . For those who enjoyed The Mummy for what it was ... . lots of humorous dialogue and special effects -LRB- not to mention a good looking hero ! -RRB- then you will not be disappointed . Okay , so it is not a award contender ... but it is fun to watch !
 pure brilliance ! funny , exciting , loadsa action , romance and sexy ladies in gold bikinis ! what more do you want !? if you liked the mummy you are going to love this sooooo much ! the plot was extremely good ! it connects to the first film and does n't get boring . if you dont add this film to your collection your missing out BIG time ! the film will suit any age person . the effects , stunts and sound are unbelieveable ! this is the best film ever ! and thats saying something ! : -RRB-
 This is one of the best movie 's I have ever seen . Unlike some sequels , this movie brought back all the originals , amazing effects , and a not-to-bad storyline . This movie explains a lot of things you may have wondered about in the first , like how the Medjai knew the Pharaoh was under attack . I 'd most definitely buy this the DAY it comes out . I can hardly wait until October 2 . With captivating sets and masterful special effects , this movie will amuse and keep you wanting more .
 I LOVED IT ! It was cool . The special effects were good and the storyline was just the way I like it !
 I saw this movie several months ago , and I waited a longtime expecting the DVD release of this wonderfull movie ; lots of action , excelent actors and actresses , incredible scenarios !! I love this movie !
 It lived up to what I had Expected.It was almost better than the first one.There are so many twist and turns it keepsyou on your toes .
 I DID like this movie . However , I did n't think it was quite as good as the first . There were definitely a few `` stretches '' in this one . However , the special effects were really good , as was the overall story and acting . I do n't want to give anything away . I DO remember saying `` oh give me a break '' a couple of times , but for the most part , I really DO like this and do n't regret buying it . I DO wish I had rented it first though .
 At first , i loved the first one so much , i was wishing this one wouldnt be that bad . But after the first few minutes i was a little iffy . The beginning was sorta dumb . It 's 5 minutes into the movie and theirs already people finding lost treasures . So yeah . The beginning and the middle is just a little bit of plot . Dont look for a mind boggling plot or nothin . It 's mainly great special effects and action . The action is 1000000 times better than the first . I thought the first was pretty action packed , this one will leave you smothered in destruction . The rock does a good job for a major role . Although he 's only seen in person the first 2 minutes . and the last 10 . But yeah , all the characters beside 's the dead ones return in this one that were in the first one . The dark desert type dude from the first one is pretty kewl in this one . He has a better part than before . He 's in almost the whole movie . If u want a movie that is more action packed , and has better special effects , and more stuff involved -LRB- more action scenes , places , characters , everything -RRB- , then try this on for size sometime .
 I saw this on the big screen , and I loved it ! The fantasy elements are great and there 's so much sword fights and gunplay it 'll knock you silly ! However , this does get cheesy at times and the computer-generated effects do tend to get really fake -LRB- especially the Scorpion King scene at the end , which looks like something out of `` Ants '' -RRB- . The first one is definetly more realistic and is way better as a horror movie , but this wins over as a fantasy action-adventure . I like them both the same , maybe the first one a teeny-weenie , itsy-bitsy bit more , but I still love this movie .
 This is a anction packed movie from beganing to end.The Rock as the king.Very good Movie should buy .
 Even with all the hype the Mummy Returns is a great movie.The action is wonderful , the story is great but , it 's the heroes son Alex who takes the show.Anyone who has children or has been around them can appreciate the way he taunts his captors.Just about the best scene is when he tells on captor `` I wo n't behave for my parents , what makes you think I 'll behave for you . ''
 Judging by some of the really ridiculous reviews written on this board , I could honestly say that they are good deal of people who should be put into mental intuitions . It 's a Fantasy movie for heaven sake ; nothing in the film is surpose to be real . Only an extremely uptight people would find any fault in this film . It 's a popcorn movie , nothing more , nothing less , and if you want reality in a movie like this then you have serious mental problems . Take it for what it is and enjoy . It 's really a great movie once you can get pass your ego , and take it for what it truly was made to be . FUN .
 This file is very entertaining . This movie is n't deep but it 's fun , exciting and easy to watch . You can lose yourself in it for a little while . The only part of the movie I really did n't like was the diridgable , but the sets are great , the men are good looking and the women are strong . Arnold Vosloo runs around half naked most of the time and he 's not bad eye candy . I 'm ready for another Mummy movie with this cast .
 Awesome movie , but was I the only one who wanted that little kid to die ? Really it was all his fault , the Kid should of had his head cut off by the Scorpion Kings Pincers or one of the Anubis Army Guys , and What 's with Imenhotep ? In Love , get the hell outta here , I wanted to see him lay a little smack on the Rock but that never happened , they made the Mummy in the Wussy , but the movie still rocked . BUY THIS MOVIE , it 's worth the money , and it 's alot better than `` Ernest goes to School '' .
 Yes , the first Mummy was great . Rachel Weisz was so hot ! But in this version , they make her look older and more motherly , definitely not the hottie she was in part 1 . But Brendan Fraser ... that guy will always be a stud .
 THIS MOVIE IS SET IN 1935 , 10 YEARS AFTER THE ORIGINAL MOVIE . THE STORY IS EVE IS SEEING VISIONS OF A PAST LIFE AS THE DAUGHTEROF THE PHAROAH WHO IS MURDERED IN THE BEGINNING OF THE ORIGINALFILM , ANKSUNAMUN IS RENCARNATED AND UNCOVERS THE REMAINS OF IMHOTEP AND AFTER GETTING HIM TO LONDON RESSURECTS THE 3010 YEAROLD MUMMY . WHO WANTS TO BATTLE THE SCORPION KING , THE ROCK . RICK AND EVE HAVE A NOTORIOS BUT CLEVER SON WHO IS KIDNAPPED BY THE MUMMY AND THE WHOLE ADVENTURE IS REBORN , AS A BIG FAN OF BOTH THE MOVIES , I KNOW WHAT I 'M TALKING ABOUT , UNLIKE SOME/MOST OF THE NARROW MINDED PEOPLE WHO HAVENT SEEN THE ORIGINAL HIT TO KNOW THE STORY BUT JUST WENT TO SEE THE ROCK , AND AFTER SEEING THAT ROCK IS NOT THE MAIN CHARACTER , THE SAY IT 'S NOT GOOD . WELLI ADVISE YOU TO BUY THIS MOVIE AS IT IS A VERY COOL MOVIE AND YOU 'LL LOVE IT . AND TO TOP THIS OFF THEY 'VE MADE A GAME ON THE PS2 -LRB- AND OTHER CONSOLES POSSIBLY -RRB- OF THIS MOVIE , LETTING YOU BATTLE TO SAVE THE WORLD AND HIS SON RICK OR IMHOTEP , THE EVIL MUMMY WHO FIGHTS RICK AND THE SCORPION KING . THE DVD AHS ALSO GOT EXTRA FOOTAGE / OUTTAKES ETC .
 The family actually enjoyed the Mummy Returns better that the 1st one . It is action packed and worth the money .
 PLEASE just because I am 12 it is a GOOD review.I know what you are probably thinking this is another lame review . Well nope ! It might be another review but it is n't lame . I would hope that many people would enjoy this because I know I did . The child actor is very good and so are the adults . I would have to say that this one is better than the first . I am not reeally into gorey stuff ... The first one was sorta gorey but the second one was n't at all . I think a lot of people would enjoy this . . and I think people who are rating this badly are just trying to find something wrong with it but there is nothhing so ... Well I think this movie deserves 5 stars .
 I was quite pleasantly surprised by this DVD since , it seems reluctantly , the directors brought back Patricia Velasquez as the soul mate lover of the cursed mummy Imhoptep . Unfortunately , in the first mummy we only see her for a few flashback moments , but , in this release , she comes back with all her evil beauty ... . WOW ... The quality of the DVD both video and the soundtrack are of course extraordinary and the disc contains outtakes , commentary , game previews and even screen savers ... Wrestling fans are going to love The Rock playing the Scorpion King ... . The Rock Rules ... Considering that the theme of the movie is the opposite of Miss Universe beauty pageants in that an ` evil force ' is released and nothing less than the ` fate of all mankind ' now hangs in the balance , minute by minute , of course , you will not have to concentrate that much to follow the plot but rather enjoy the slam bam , back to back , eye candy action thriller ...
 This was a great movie along the lines of the Indiana Jones trilogy . The sequel was very cleverly woven from the first film . The film and its characters do n't take themselves too seriously -- this is a wild Egyptian adventure not meant for the faint of heart.I 'm hoping for a Mummy III movie to come out in the next few years ...
 It 's true that this movie comes nowhere close to even topping the first film , but it is still very good . Set several years after the first , Rick and Evie are now married and have a son . When exploring a tomb , they discover an ancient bracelet that once gave power to the scorpion king . Now , Imhotep and his reincarnated lover , Anak Su Namuhn , Are in search of this legendary bracelet so that they may defeat the Scorpion King and rule the earth with his army . The bracelet will show the wherabouts of the scorpion king only to the one who wears it . When Rick and Evie 's son , Alex , tries it on and ca n't get it off , Imhotep kidnaps him . Now Rick and Evie must save their son and the world ... again ! You wo n't regret buying this ! It 's not bad , It 's just not as good as the first . Lot 's of cool special features including a look at the new movie , `` The Scorpion King '' !
 If you are expecting great serious action then this movie is n't for you , but if you are like me an enjoy action movies this is one of them . While a typical script this movie offers non-stop action , it kind of reminds me of the Indiana Jones series . It kind of brings back the kid in me . A terrific film , I personally would recommend it .
 I personally enjoyed this movie . It was n't the greatest movie I have ever seen and it was n't as good as the first movie but I did find it very entertaining . I do agree with the statement that all the special effects were overkill ... they cluttered the movie up way too much and I found it difficult to follow the story because of it . Too much of a good thing ... what ever happened to leaving something to the imagination or affecting the viewer psychologically ? Still , the adventure was there , most of the characters were likable , and some of the special effects really did the trick . Those little guys running around in the jungle were pretty freaky . Some of the effects seemed a bit outdated however . Like when the Scorpion King shows up in the end ... the special effects looked so 1996 . Not a long time , true , but as far as new technology in computer animation goes that 's like 30 years ago . He looked so fake and computerized and generally left me unimpressed , to say the least . But this is a pretty good movie if you are just looking for entertainment ... I would recommend renting it before you bought it though .
 I loved The Mummy , and I love The Mummy Returns . It is as entertaining as the first , with more action and more wonderful places . Anck-Su-Namun and Imhotep 's story is described further , as well as some other interesting things about the O'Connells . There are some nice extras on the DVD , so if you liked the first one , your sure to like this one .
 I loved this movie ! Rick O'Connel is back in Egypt with his wife , Evi , and son , Alex. They find the bracelet of the Scorpian King , which awakens the mummy from the first movie . They are trying once again to get rid of him , but their son gets taken . Now they are trying to save the world and get their son back at the same time . Some others are trying to wake the Scorpian King -LRB- if they do , the armies of the Scropian King will defeat the world . The armies are HUGE ! -RRB- There are tons of mummies , more shriveled human bodies , and more of those beetles . Also , you learn about Evi 's past life and how it affects the story .
 Today low and behold the mummy returns dvd is brought ot my attention and see that its being called a collectors edition . Now if i remember the original mumy had the collectors edition , the widescreen version and the ultimate edition . I am personaly sick of large movie house companies going out of their way to screw us out of hard earned dollars because we end up buying a bare bones edition of a dvd , while they take thier sweet time getting thier Ultimate editions ready . The movie is good but will the dvd be really worth it the first time out ? Something tells me I should ` nt hold my breath .
 This was the best movie i seen in a couple yrs . After i saw it i said i must have this dvd when it comes out.Brendan fraser and rachael weisz , arnold vosloo , jon hyde and oded fehr back in their roles from the first movie . plus having the rock as the scorpion king and patricia velasquez as anck-su-namun just made the movie ever better . Plus the story was just like the idea i thought it should be if they ever made this movie . I 've seen it 3 times and I love it plus it also made more sence seeing more of the story that took place before the first one was made .
 This movie was a fun , exciting and sometimes dumb movie . It was never marketed as anything different and anyone who saw the first knew what to expect . I loved it . Ca n't wait for the DVD .
 This is a great action/adventure film . I saw this in the theatre , not expecting to see some great drama , and I was amazed by this film 's level of entertainment . It was billed as an action/adventure film and that is exactly what you see on the screen.The special effects were very good , except for one effect at the end involving the depiction of the Scorpion King which could have been done better . The action is fast and furious , the film is never boring , and the flesh eating beetles are back!So far , this is the only `` Summer Film '' that delivered the goods . I ca n't wait for the DVD .
 `` The Mummy '' is one of my favorite films . The effects were excellent , the music was good and the film was exciting and action packed , but most of all there was a special chemistry on screen between the actors and that made the film so much fun to watch.In `` The Mummy Returns '' I was expecting and hoping for the same magical chemistry that made the first one so much fun to watch and it just did n't happen . I ca n't help but feel that the special effects were enhanced and , it seemed , made more important then the story or the acting . Both of which felt contrived , almost as though the director felt as if he put the cast on the set together the same thing would happen on screen as did in the first movie and that just did n't work . The actors still need a script and some direction to recapture that same feel . Unfortunately , neither the script , with all it 's witty moments in the first movie , nor the screen moments and expressions were present , which leads me to feel as though the director did n't provide the actors with the right stimulus to draw out an equal performance.So why did I give the movie four stars ? Bottom line ... I still enjoyed the film and although I felt somewhat slighted compared to the first one , I only had to remind myself `` it 's a sequel , '' never as good as the original and take the movie at face value . See it just for what it was a special effects film designed more to push the technical envelope of special effects for sheer entertainment then for it 's acting and on-screen moments between the characters and at this they succeeded admirably.Whether you have seen the first movie or not , if you like special effects and allot of action you will enjoy this film . Buy it!This review relates to the cinematic release
 I enjoyed the movie very much although some of the computer bad guys were a bit over the top . The fact that Oded Fehr -LRB- Ardeth Bay -RRB- has more scenes helped alot . This film is entertaining and also answers many questions left over from the 1st film .
 The Mummy Returns starts out very slow and a little disjointed , but picks up pace after about 25 minutes . This sequel does n't shine as well as the original but it 's a fun adventure ride nonetheless . The fight sequences and special effects are much better than the original . I 'd recommend viewing it first before deciding if you wish to add it to your collection .
 A little corny but good , I like the first one better ! Gives preview of next years Scorpion King , also looks like a good movie .
 Despite suffering from Rushed Sequel Syndrome , The Mummy Returns still manages to entertain in its own chaotically charming way . Stephen Sommers 's screenplay barely manages to string together the exciting action setpieces in a coherent fashion , but you can just forget about character expansion or motivation . What the movie delivers is wall to wall sword fights and rampaging mummies mixed with a good natured humor that does not irritate the viewer -LRB- a truly welcome talent that Sommers appears to be graced with -RRB- . Only viewers expecting more than a simple thrill ride entertainment will be disappointed , but then why would you be watching this movie in the first place ? Recommended Saturday matinee fun .
 I thought this movie was great and the best way to view all of the special effects and action -LRB- other than at the theater -RRB- is on DVD .
 It is true that the first movie of series edges this one . But , this tale delivers great run of events introducing small bit as the lore of the Scorpion King . I think Brandon Frazier is turning out to be the next Indiana Jones . He and his his wife pull off a wonderful marital combo . Ca n't wait to see next flick in series . The young son was interesting . Yet , if there is a third , I hope the movie writers age his son to sixteen or send him off to boarding school . Good movie , great sci-fi effects , truereflection of original loveable characters .
 Most sequels can never do justice to the original . Put all your doubts aside . This sequel does more than justice to its original and more . Of course , Brendan Fraiser makes it all look easy . Is he the next Indy Jones ? It 's possible . With the awesome special effects and the great script this movie should be a MUST OWN . It was for me .
 I did n't think the movie would be any good , like most sequels to good films they 've burned themselves out with the first one . But I was wrong . Alex manages to avoid being the standard precocious brat that you want to shoot within 5 minutes and adds a lot to the film . I particularly enjoyed the play between Anuk-su-na-mun and Imotep - in fact I felt almost sorry for him by the end . Great effects too , and the pace of the film is enough to keep you on the edge of your seat . In my view one of the few sequels that was actually better than the original film .
 If were to write a dictionary , I would have written the following on `` film sequel ''
 I was dragged to the theater by a friend to see this movie , and I kept thinking `` Oh dear , another stupid action flick . '' When I saw it I was surprised , It was n't that bad . While the plot was a little lacking , I 'm giving four stars , because it surprised me .
 this movie brings to life the oldest of mummy stories and uses appropriate humor to keeps things light . delightful subplots.I would rate this movie a 5 .
 love the movie and the picture and sound quality is even better in bluray , great work
 Sequels are tough to do because you know what to expect so filmmaker 's often have to give you that plus something unexpected . Bigger and better may not always translate to better but it often translates to a sequel that is the equal of the film that spawned it . I 'm going to assume that you 've seen it -LRB- if not there 's a critical bit at the end of this along with a plot synposis that is as sketchy as possible so as not to spoil the experience of the film -RRB- and focus on why you should buy the upgraded Blu-ray . As good as `` The Mummy Returns '' looks on DVD , the Blu-ray is even better looking . Colors are bolder and there 's signficantly more detail but , more important , the dark scenes look much better here . The lossless audio sounds terrific as well and will put you right in the middle of the action.You should be aware however that Edge Enhancement is more noticeable in the BR than it was in the HD-DVD disc or the DVD and there is a fair amount of digital noise reduction applied to reduce grain in certain scenes . What does that mean ? It means that we do lose some detail.Be aware , however , that the extras are in 480p and NOT in HD . Universal does port over U-Control -LRB- which was developed for HD-DVD -RRB- where you can customize special features on the BD disc . We get all the extras from the original single disc set plus the new extras from the 2 disc DVD ported over to the BD . `` The Mummy Returns '' is nicely packaged in a colorful slipcase -LRB- although I think they could have done without this -RRB- . At Best Buy and Circuit City -LRB- as well as select other retailers there is also movie cash included . You have to go online and register so you can print out your movie ticket -LRB- which is good only through 8/24/08 and the site which was up earlier for access to print your ticket now requires you to wait until 8/1/08 . I guess some people used their tickets early for other movies or Universal is doing this as a precautionary move -RRB- . `` The Mummy Returns '' is less of a scary horror flick than its predecessor and even more like a `` Raiders '' type of flick . A perfect popcorn movie , Stephen Sommers takes the same ingredients -LRB- evil mummy resurrected , adventurers seeking artifacts and fortunes , supernatural powers -RRB- and creates a film that is every bit as fun as the first film was . Like `` Aliens '' relationship with `` Alien '' , `` The Mummy Returns '' focuses on taking characters we knew from the first film and putting them in a slightly different context this time around.SOME SPOILERS : Rick -LRB- Brendan Fraiser -RRB- and Evie -LRB- Rachel Weisz -RRB- now have a 9 year old son Alex -LRB- Freddie Boath -RRB- and are still digging in dusty old tombs in Egypt . The year of the Scorpion has arrived which means that if Baltus -LRB- Alun Armstrong -RRB- and the reincarnation of Im-Ho-Tep 's -LRB- Arnold Vosloo -RRB- love Meela-Nais -LRB- Patricia Velasquez returning from the first film in a much larger role -RRB- can raise Im-Ho-Tep he can take on the Scorpion King -LRB- The Rock -RRB- Im-Ho-Tep can use the armies of the underworld to rule the world . Alex is taken prisoner and Rick , Evie and Jonathan -LRB- John Hannah -RRB- Evie 's brother must travel to Egypt to help Ardeth Bey -LRB- Oded Fehr -RRB- stop the creature , get their son and save the world .
 This is the first time I have bought from Amazon . It was a good experience . I received the merchandise in good time and in good condition.Thanks !
 Well it is just good fun . Not quite a horror movie , more action adventure with a bit of mummy wrapping thrown in , along with a more than a little precocious child . Same cast as `` the Mummy '' with a few more thrown into the mix . The mysterious guardians , the Mummy , our gun toting hero , and his very resourceful wife , her bumbling brother all combine to have a good time chasing and being chased through caverns and cobwebs .
 A good action packed movie , I enjoyed it more than the first one , also check out the Scorpion King .
 This is way better then the first ! It is so awesome Brendan Fraser did even better in this one than he did in the first . It is fun action packed amazing adventure movie ! THis is one of the best movies Ive ever seen !
 ... not all movies are academy award winners . That does n't mean that they are n't fun and enjoyable . Sit back with a big bucket of buttered popcorn . turn off the brain for a few hours and have a good time with characters you love already .
 well i must say i have never seen such an amazing film . there isnt a word to describe how absoloutely fantastic it is . i must be the biggest fan in the world of this film -LRB- the mummy returns -RRB- . after i had watched this film my chin felt like it was going to drop right down to the floor this is due to the fact that i couldnt believe what i had just watched . i have seen this film 6 times at the movies so far . the story line is amazing and as the effects well what can i say they 're absoloutely amazing . it is my favourite film in the whole world as u can probably see by my review of the film . the actors and actresses in this film are all extremely fantastic especially rachel weisz and brendan frasier -LRB- what a stud -RRB- rachel weisz looks so pretty in that film its a joke . i dont know what his name is but in the film alex the little boy in the film is also a superb actor especially for his age . i dont know what else i could possibly say i think this review sums it all up its absoloutely fantastic exciting adventures brilliant etc. a must see film . i just cant wait untill it comes on video il buy it the second it gets transported into a shop . written by michelle garner -LRB- age = 14 -RRB- from birmingham England
 `` The Mummy Returns '' is a great film to watch , especially on DVD because of its great script , wonderful plot , great actors and a great director . `` The Mummy '' was an instant cinema classic because of its orginality even though it was a remake of `` The Mummy '' made back in the 60s . Brendan Fraser leads a great cast yet again in this wonderfully scripted sequel . Stephen Sommers puts this sequel together beautifully with returning Imhotep -LRB- Arnold Vosloo -RRB- and Anuk-sun-amun -LRB- Patricia Velasquez -RRB- . Of course , Fraser returns at Rick O'Connell . After nine years , Rick is now married to Evelyn -LRB- Rachel Weisz -RRB- and they have a 8-year-old son -LRB- Freddie Boath -RRB- who gets into a lot of trouble . Then , you have Dwayne `` The Rock '' Johnson as The Scorpion King . That was a great move because they are making a `` Scorpion King '' movie which blasts into theaters next summer . Finally , you have Evelyn 's brother , Jonathan -LRB- John Hannah -RRB- and the warrioir Ardeth Bay -LRB- Oded Fehr -RRB- . With this cast and director , there are no limits . `` The Mummy Returns '' is a great movie and an excellent sequel . The box office proves it . This is a 200 million dollar blockbuster so you definently know that the thrills return .
 This made a fine addition to my HD DVD collection . Great Pic and Sound . Some feel this is better than the first Mummy movie . Ca n't bark at the price either .
 The sequel to the movie The Mummy . The story is set in 1933 , approximately 9 years after the events of the first film . Rick O'Connell is now married to Evelyn and the couple has settled in London , where they are raising their 8-year-old son Alex. The corpse of Imhotep is resurrected in the British Museum , and Imhotep returns to the world again determined to gain immortality . Although , this time another force has also been set loose in the world ... a creature of the darkest rituals of ancient Egyptian mysticism , who is even more powerful than Imhotep . When these two forces clash , the fate of the world will hang in the balance , sending the O'Connells on a desperate race to save the world from an unspeakable evil , and rescue their son before it is too late . Overall , I thought that the first movie was better how ever the plot was developed nicely in the second and the continuation of the characters is always a good thing .
 this is the first performance in the mummy series movies with the rock of the WWE . in 2001 , they had a preview of the movie on the WWE with goldust and booker t critiquing it . i thought the critique they did was pretty hilarious . this movie has non-stop action throughout . you want pretty ladies ? feast your eyes on rachel weisz . there is plenty of special effects throughout this movie .
 Some movies I can watch over and over again because they have the right combination of being well written , good acting , action , suspense and humor ; the mummy and the mummy returns are two such movies .
 I love this movie and I did not have any buffering when I watched it . I will use instant again : -RRB-
 Welcome addition to my movie collection . I love Brandon Frasier . He is one of my favorite male actors . Plus I love the adventure factor in these types of movies . Archeology is one of , y interests
 bought this for my pap cause he had been saying for awhile that he wanted to watch it . great movie . no problems with seller . arrived on time . deffinitly cheaper to order this online .
 I enjoy the Mummy Returns because I enjoyed the first one I would recommand this dvd to all action fans .
 wow , it is not often said that a low budget movie gets made into a trilogy . this is the 2nd installation and it was well done and the story was perfectly intertwine with the first movie . Great chemistry and wonderful technology .
 Had to get the dvd as my vhs had just worn out . This is one part of a series that just doe not let you down .
 This is the most marvelous movie i have ever seen , do your self a favor and watch it you wont regret it .
 Brendan Fraser and Oded Fehr again . More good storyline . The egyptian history behind the main storyline . I mean come on .
 Anyone looking for a `` great '' movie will probably be disappointed , but anyone looking for sheer fun will probably be more than satisfied . Director Steven Sommers took his enjoyable 1999 movie `` The Mummy '' and expanded it out to an epic scale . The action picks up 10 years after the original ; tomb raiders Evelyn and Rick O'Connell -LRB- now married , with 8-year-old child Alex in tow -RRB- discover another Egyptian artifact -LRB- the bracelet of the legendary Scorpion King -RRB- that unleashes yet another peril to the world , and once again , Evie and Rick have to stop it.A contingent of bad guys , however , want in on the action , and they raise Imhotep -LRB- the mummy from the first movie -RRB- because he 's the only one strong enough to take on the Scorpion King . The bad guys are led by a woman named Meela , who claims to be the reincarnation of Anck-Su-Namun , Imhotep 's long-lost forbidden love.Sommers cleverly adds an expanded backstory to the main characters from the earlier film , and while some of it stretches the imagination -- it seems like every character is a reincarnation of someone else -- it 's executed in a mostly fun and believable way . In particular , the development of an ancient rivalry between Evelyn and Meela is fabulously well-done , adding considerable dimension to the reasons for Imhotep 's horrible punishment in the first film . Arnold Vosloo was great in `` The Mummy , '' but now , teamed up with his long-lost love , he 's a thousand times more fun -- creepier , smarter , and yet at times endearingly vulnerable.Mystical warrior Ardath Bay -LRB- the very hot Oded Fehr -RRB- also has an expanded role in this film , and helps ground viewers when they are faced with things like multiple reincarnations and hoardes of screaming pygmy mummies . Fehr brings exactly the right touches of appeal , swashbuckling dash , and `` exotic '' Middle Eastern mystery to the role.A surprising amount of care seems to have been given to the supporting characters ; they have just enough depth but not too much
 This is not Citizen Kane Folks , It the Mummy for Pete &#65533; s sake . If you have ever seen the original , you will know exactly what you are getting yourself into with the sequel . A sequel in my opinion that is much better than the first film because it at least keeps you on the edged of your seat from the beginning to the end . The acting is very top notch , and the Special Effects are just breathtaking to watch . Brendan Fraser is Great , and so is Arnold Vosloo and John Hannah but the Real achievement in this film Is Rachel Weisz who literally steals the movie from every body with her performance . The fight scene with her and Patricia Velasquez is a sight to behold . If you want to ponder the fate of movie making , and it &#65533; s short comings , don &#65533; t see this movie . If you want to have a good time with characters you care for and villains you want to see defeated , See this movie , it &#65533; s worth a place in your DVD Collection . It &#65533; s that good .
 The upcoming release of The Mummy
 This is a razzle , dazzle , knock you out of your seat with special effects , kind of movie . It is non-stop entertainment , and a worthy sequel to its predecessor , `` The Mummy '' . Even though the plot is thin , and character development is almost non-existent , I still thoroughly enjoyed the movie.Archaeologists Rick -LRB- Brendan Fraser -RRB- and Evie -LRB- Rachel Weisz -RRB- have tied the knot since the original movie and have an eight year old son , Alex , adorably played by Freddie Boath . While on an archaeological dig in Egypt , they recover a special , golden bracelet which conveys special powers to the person who wears it . Alex , not knowing this , puts on the bracelet which had , at one time , belonged to the Scorpio King , played by wrestler , The Rock.Evie 's brother -LRB- John Hannah deliciously reprises his original role -RRB- is mistaken for Rick , as mysterious emissaries try to kill him in an attempt to recover the bracelet on behalf of the evil Imhotep -LRB- Arnold Vosloo reprising his original role -RRB- . As Evie and Rick continue to do battle against these evil , murderous emissaries , the mysterious and devastatingly attractive , Medjai warrior , Ardeth Bay -LRB- Oded Fehr also reprising his original role -RRB- , joins them in their battle against evil.In this sequel , past and present collide , and reincarnation adds its own interesting , little twist to the plot . For my money , Oded Fehr walks away with the movie , as Ardeth Bay is such a compelling character
 Even better than the first . Scorpions , actions , and a lot of hottie footage . Great special effects better than those in Ylopeze !! Better than Ylopeze in general . Yuh-BUH !
 This was a wonderful followup to the first movie `` The Mummy '' . It Has some great special effects . Non-stop entertainment.Brendan Fraser and Rachel Weisz are so good together . The young boy who plays their son is a wonderful little actorJohn Hannah is so great as the bumbling guttless brother . He is so hilariously funny . And the addition of Shaun Parkes as Izzy makes for some funny gags!Oded Fehr is awesome in the role and very handsome , dark and mysterious . Arnold Vosloo is so wonderful as the bad dark and evil Imhotep . And , Patricia Velasquez is a beautiful evil reincarnate love!It helps if you see the first movie before watching this one . There are a number of running jokes that would probably not get unless you had seen the previous movie.I agree whole heartedly that the animation of the Scorpion King at the end what horrible . Very rough graphics and bad likeness for that hunk , the Rock.Still , very happy with the movie . A great addition to the other two .
 The Mummy Returns has effects that will blow your socks off . I still do n't think it matches up to the original though . It follows the adventures of Rick and Eve again but this time they are in search of their child . From there the adventure begins and makes for a lively story . Is it better than that first ? No . But would I recommend it ? Yes , of course .
 I have to agree with most customer reviews , this is a popcorn movie and a damn good one . It 's clear the producers put a lot of time and expense into making this the biggest `` Mummy '' movie to date and it was fun to see all the original actors assemble again for the sequel . I have to agree that the ending sequence with the `` Rock '' was cheesy at best and could have been eliminated . The dvd is superb and gives your channels a great workout , especially in the in the rear and subwoofer channels . The image is sharp and clear , near reference quality but the extras for the most part are pure marketing on the part of Universal . The first film had better extras although you 'll find many of the same in this one as well , eg
 i watched that movie hundreds time and after i got it on blu-ray it was like watching for the first time . a must have in bd collection .
 Both '' The Mummy '' and `` The Mummy Returns '' were fantastic action , adventure movies , definitely along the lines of Indiana Jones . If you watch these movies with any expectations other than enjoyment , do n't bother . There is a lot of stuff implied in the sequel that could really make for a great third movie - did Ardeth Bay know Lochnar before ? When and how ? Had Imhotep been released from his grave between the ten year lapse ? I 'd love to have them fill in the gaps with another `` Mummy '' And - Oded Fehr is gorgeous and terrific as the mysterious Madgi - lots of laughs , good fun and great special effects .
 I have watched the original mummy over a hundred times . i love the movie , and i couldnt wait to see the sequel . While it isnt as good as the original , it is still a good movie full of action , and the humor that made the original so enjoyable . While a few of the special effects were a little cheesy , it is still a good movie , and well worth the time to sit down and watch it . I recommend buying this movie and watching it , just so you can keep the collection going .
 I loved the Mummy returns . For all the reviewers and critics moaning about the movie , what did you expect ? Rocket Science ? Have a little fun in your life for crying out loud .
 Excellent idea that probably came from the 1950 's attempts to put this kind of movie together . However , our era 's special effects makes this movie work wonderfully . Story is pretty good . There are some bumps in the telling of the story , but it all evens out . Good action sequences . Some of the characters you wish were smarter , but overall good job . I have watched it several times and will again in the future .
 If you loved the first offering , you 'll love this sequel . Not only does ALL the major cast come back , but they come back well . You get more of everything the first one had to offer . Suspense , comic relief , awe . By the time this one ends , you 're almost rooting for Imhotep . The only thing I found lacking was the cee-gee model of `` The Rock '' as the Scorpion King .
 With the gigantic success of `` The Mummy '' , Universal Studios and director Stephen Sommers believed that they had a budding franchise on their hands . With both the movie studio and the director wishing to see this possible franchise come to fruition , little time was wasted in getting Stephen Sommers busy at work on crafting the sequel . With a bigger budget , an already established backstory for most of the characters , and the entire cast returning , things were definitely looking good for an even bigger box office return for this sequel.Set in 1933 , `` The Mummy Returns '' takes place approximately 10 years after the events of `` The Mummy '' . Rick O'Connell -LRB- Brendan Fraser -RRB- and Evie -LRB- Rachel Weisz -RRB- are now married and have a young son named Alex. After a devasting chain of events leads to the resurrection of Imhotep -LRB- Arnold Vosloo -RRB- in London , before they realize what 's going on Rick and Evie find themselves in a fight against an army of mummies , and their son ends up getting kidnapped by Imhotep . Now that Imhotep once again walks the Earth , determined to fulfill his quest for immortality , another force has been loosed upon the world ... one born of the darkest rituals of ancient Egyptian mysticism , and even more powerful than Imhotep . With the fate of the world in the balance , Rick and Evie must race against time to save not only the world but also rescue their son from Imhotep before it 's too late.As I stated earlier , this film received an even bigger budget , and had the fortune of getting the entire cast back together , `` The Mummy Returns '' succeeds in being even bigger , more extravagant , and better than the original film . With the backstory for the majority of the characters out of the way in `` The Mummy '' , director/writer Stephen Sommers was allowed more freedom in exploring more of the world of this franchise without having to get bogged down on origins . An interesting segment in the movie happens at the beginning of the film when WWE 's Dwayne ` The Rock ' Johnson makes an appearance as ` The Scorpion King ' -LRB- the public liked the character so much that Universal spawned him off into his own feature film -RRB- in an epic battle that is awesome to watch . The special effects provided by ILM are once again top-notch , all except for the final sequence with a digital hybrid of ` The Rock ' and a CGI scorpion , this scene looked a bit weak on screen . However , it 's forgiveable since this would be an extremely difficult sequence to create , and with that ILM still manages to make the scene appear decent . The only other complaint I have regarding this movie would have to be that the movie seemed to focus a little too much on the 8-year old son Alex , his character is way too annoying and he 's always present since he is partly responsible for the events in this movie . Aside from those complaints the rest of the movie is really enjoyable , and a very strong sequel to `` The Mummy '' . I strongly recommend seeing this movie , but to fully enjoy the movie make sure you have seen the original film first . `` The Mummy Returns '' is rated PG-13 for violence , language , and sensuality .
 Seems like a lot of people were down on this film , but I found it enjoyable , kind of a lite fare . Makes me think of watching movies on Saturday afternoon as a kid . This is not a definitive work of art , what it is , is entertainment , that 's it . No deep meaning , messages , points , just a quickly moving story and some actors that are generally appealing .
 The sword fights , the `` save my wife '' the addition of a kid to the cast make this a family favorite for the adults , my sons and my daughters . I am constantly in search of movies that i can share with my whole family . This one qualifies . As with the first movie , we have to skip one scene of near nudity but otherwise this is now one of our favorite movies.Way to go stephen sommers !
 I like The Mummy and I really loved The Mummy Returns . These reviews that talk about no character development , story development , blah blah blah , the movie is suppose to be entertaining and it delivers that hands down . All of the original cast returned and you could see the chemistry between them which was great . Brendan and Rachel were great so was Jonathan and bringing back Oded Fehr as Ardeth Bay for the sequel and giving him a bigger role was pure genius . He is fabulous , incredible not to mention gorgeous . And Brendan Fraser is as adorable as ever . The movie kept me hooked from start to finish and was pure fun .
 I like this DVD because it follows the DVD `` The Mummy '' . It seems to stay on the same track as the prequal . It does n't jump around or loose you like some sequals do.It also has great graphics , and sound quality .
 This movie holds up well as a sequel to the first `` popcorn '' movie . I 've seen it twice in the theater and plan to buy the DVD as well . There are plenty of reviews here to tell you what the movie is about so I wo n't reiterate . I 'll just add my voice -LRB- and stars -RRB- to those who also believe it 's a thoroughly entertaining ride and I disagree entirely with many of the criticisms below . What did these folks think they were going to the theater to see anyhow ? Let 's rate movies based on their own merit and not some high-minded notion of social redemption or academy award potential .
 This is a really fab film , it 's light-hearted , silly and fun , just what I like ! The film was fantastic at the cinema with great effects and the cast really work well together . All we have to do now is wait for the release date , I will be sat by the Postbox !!!!!
 I have to say that I highly disagree with the critics . The Mummy Returns was better than the first one . How to start ... Okay , there was a lot of action , but instead of being exausting , it keeps you on the edge of your seat . Another thing
 Bigger , Better , Louder , More Exciting , Better Effects are all words that could describe the Mummy Returns . The plot of the storyy continues where our heros are married and have an 8 tear old child . while on an excepdition they come across a braclet which unleashes all mayheam , involving themselves their son and and loads of computer generated mummies . John Hannah is also back playing the wimmpy brother who somehow always manages to create but escape danger . The effects in this film are bigger and more frequent in this film which will make it more appealing . If you were a fan of the first then i would recommend that you buy this one
 This movie was way better than the first one ! The action was outstanding , the visual effects were awesome , them being a combination of Indiana Jones and Star Wars , and it was quite comical ! If anybody has a taste for action , comedy , and very well done visual effects , I recommend this movie to any kid -LRB- above the age of 5 or 6 , since there are a few fighting scenes and a few swear words in it . -RRB- Anyway , I hope you enjoy it !!
 First off I would like to explain to most critics out there that if you compare this movie to the first one you will find that it is a peice of junk . However , if you just watch the movie for what it is by itself , you will find that it is a well and enjoyable movie . Do not try to compare the humor , the action , or the special effects to the first one . And if you think its cheezy or hokey , ITS SUPPOSED TO BE THAT WAY ! Certain movies in this world are supposed to be like that because that is what makes them fun to watch . I know it may not flow like you want it to , but give it a chance and you might come to like it .
 This is a high speed , special effects driven , tongue in cheek action thriller and a total no brainer . But that does n't stop it being a huge amount of fun , I love it roll on Mummy 3 .
 Entertaining and better than the original . More action and more fun . It 's good . Score
 Great movie . Full of action . Great special effects . It 's as funny as the first one . There are a few points I thought were poorly done . Brendan Fraser 's character sports a significant tatoo that he did n't have in the first movie . His wife suddenly recalls a former life as Nefertitti . And one can not forget a certain flying balloon attached to a ship ! These things are none too distracting and it 's a very enjoyable film . Well worth watching .
 This is much better that the original . All the original characters with some great additions return for even bigger adventure . Better legend , better story , and even better visual effects . Even The Rock could not spoil it.Definitely worth seeing .
 i think everyone should buy this dvd ... so you watched it at the movies did you ??? well that is no excuse at all ! the dvd deatures all HELLA COOL + lets now forget the video clip by LIVE ... . and the like 2 zillion hours of behind the scene and a preview of the scorpion king . .
 5,000 years ago , a bad dude known as the Scopian King , played by the WWE -LRB- Get the `` F '' Out -RRB- Superstar , The Rock , wanted to rule the known world . But , he was betrayed by a certain god . We only get to see The Rock for about four minutes.The Year of the Scopian has come . The Scorpian King shall raise again with the armies of the underworld to take over the world . But , The Mummy gets back to life and wants to rule the Earth with the armies of the underworld . The Mummy is the only guy tough enough to take out the Scorpain King .
 In the before time , in the long long ago -LRB- pre-DVD -RRB- , movies came out for rent on VHS and we had to wait three months to a year for a widescreen or special edition VHS copy to be released at sell through prices . This was a way for home video distributors to make money and be able to offer good versions of films for the home video market . Then DVD came along . In an effort to help it become the standard format , they started offering DVDs at sell through prices right away . But how do they continue to make money . Maybe if they offered versions of films on DVD at first , then later , released better versions , they might be able to stay in business.That being said , as a consumer , I hope that they continue to give us movies on DVD right away . I hate renting a movie that I know I 'm going to buy eventually . But I also really enjoy all of the extras that are offered on DVD.Does it seem devious to release a movie on DVD twice ? Yes . But it 's clearly nothing new for home video companies . George Lucas is releasing Episode I on DVD now that he 's been assured that everyone who will buy the VHS , has bought it.But we have to remain grateful for the fact that they are offering these movies in this wonderful format with extras that offer greater insight into the film . If you told me ten years ago , that I would be able to get pretty much any movie I wanted in the widescreen format , I 'd have thought you were crazy . But here we are , and I while I do n't like the fact that I 'm waiting for the Ultimate Edition of The Mummy Returns , I 'm still going to love it when it gets here .
 I own the first movie on DVD , besides of the great movie , it contains tons of educational facts.I saw the second movie and is outstanding . I ca n't wait for the DVD to be release so I can own this great movie plus all the extra goodies they put in the DVD.I gave it 5 stars even without owning it yet , because if the 1st DVD was excellent , this one is going to be lot better .
 Well , this movie was nice . It had more action , was more funny than `` The Mummy '' , and was sad because that girl was killed . I keep forgetting her name . Her actress was Rachel something , was n't it ? Either way , this has more action , and you know what . But it seems like Johnathan is the only one that 's ten years older . Well , you have to see this , even though I may have some harsh comments .
 Awseome freakin ' movie ! There was actually a plot , an awseome story line , beautiful acting , and cool special effects . Now , I may be biased 'cause I already think Egypt rocks , but YOU MUST SEE THIS MOVIE !!! And the first `` The Mummy '' , and `` Stargate '' , and `` The Fifth Element '' , and `` Indiana Jones
 I liked to see the movie in HighDefinition , good sharp colors.It was my first HD movie so we will see how the others are.So far so good .
 The Mummy Returns was better than the The Mummy . It had more action and romanice than any other action movie that I had ever seen .
 I have to say the first one was okay but when i saw the reviews for the 2nd one i hesitated to see it , you know how movies that have eposides are n't really the best , but this is so much better then the first one . yes they do seem to ignore their kid alot but this is full of action , some romance , sad parts , and scary , also comedy ! If you have n't seen this then you are missing out ! yes there is tons of Computer Animations but it is still very good and the scoripion king looks pretty fake when he becomes half scorpioin but still you MUST see it !
 Add me to the list of those who enjoyed both `` Mummy '' movies.I 've seen The Mummy Returns twice , and I plan on getting the DVD as soon as it is available.The movie is meant to entertain , and that 's exactly what it does.It 's wonderful seeing much of the original cast back and seeing how they 've developed over a span of 9 years.What 's nice is that you do n't have to see the original to be able to follow this movie , but if you DID see the original , the second one answers questions you may have had about the first one.Both of the female leads are gorgeous , and the men are all a pleasure to watch -LRB- where are the guys who look like that in real life ? -RRB- The movie has lots of action , as well as comedy and romance.My kids and I really enjoyed this movie , as did my mother in law , who says she did n't think she 'd like it , as she usually does n't like action movies.You cheer for the good guys , but even the evil Imhotep is likable -LRB- hot too , as is Brendan Fraser !!! -RRB- I sincerely hope they make more of these movies , keeping the same cast.They have a wonderful chemistry , which makes everything work .
 If you do n't like the story but are interested in special effects , buy this DVD . I have the fist Mummy DVD and the special features are fantastic . The story is ok . Could be a little stronger but all in all its an enjoyable movie .
 It still puzzles me why people were calling `` The Mummy '' a surprise hit . Why ? They advertised the film right , they made it fun , they got actors that did n't have huge price tags attached to their names , and made really cool special effects . That signals to me a `` hit . '' What really surprises me is that `` The Mummy Returns '' turned out to be the giant hit that it was . Sure , it made a ton of money opening weekend due to the success of the previous film , but movies make money on good word-of-mouth and repeat viewers . When I saw this movie for the first time , I figured it would have neither of these factors going for it . Why , you ask ? Because , compared to the first film , `` The Mummy Returns '' is just dumb fun.I loved the character development and the story line from the first film -LRB- which can be compared to `` Raiders Of The Lost Ark '' -RRB- . However , `` The Mummy Returns '' can be compared to `` Temple Of Doom , '' in that neither spend an appropriate time on story development and focus mainly on action , as well as new characters that just show up with little explanation . Do n't get me wrong , I enjoyed this movie , but it 's just surprising that so many others did as well.Here 's my main point about `` The Mummy Returns : '' things happen and you just have to go with the flow , rather than ask questions every five minutes . How do Rick and Evelyn have a kid ? Well , it 's ten years or so after their first bout with the Mummy , they 're married , live in a luxurious mansion they bought with the sack of valuables they carried off at the end of the first movie , and the bad guys are now after the famous O'Connell family of explorers . Why is the Mummy coming back ? Just another one of your average bad guys wanting to rule the world schemes . How can there be so many Magi warriors ? They apparently live all over the desert in tribes , plus it 's also a movie about mummies coming back from the dead , so nothing is to be taken too seriously . And that is the most important thing , not to take anything too seriously with `` The Mummy Returns . `` Some personal highlights in my viewing experience were
 Good movie . The special effects arent as good as the first but they are still great . It would have been better if they their was more of that black guy show . It has some comedy in it . It still has Imotep as the bad guy . They should have shown more of the Scorpion Kings battles in the begining . But over all it was as good if not better than the first .
 The mummy returns is a fantastic movie with great special effects and an excellence history . This is best than the also good first The mummy .
 I went to see this movie twice and each time it got better . This was better than the first one and had better graphics . The only things I did n't like about the movie were those little creatures that were in the woods , the ones that shot the blow darts at the people . It looked too much at first like Jarassic Park , when the Raptors took the people under the weeds in the second one . It just looked really bad . My friend and I were laughing throughout that part ! The only other part I did n't like was when The Rock came out at the end as the Squirpion King -LRB- I do n't know how to spell it LOL -RRB- . It just looked so fake !
 Rick and Edie O'Connell are back , along with Edie 's ne'er - do-well brother Jonathan , the evil mummy Imhotep , foxy , deadly Ank-sanamun -LRB- Patricia Velasquez yay !! she 's back !!! -RRB- , and the handsome Arded Bey as the mysterious Medjai knight in this rollicking sequel that DOES live up to the first movie . The O'Connells now have a nine-year old boy named Alex. He is an archaeology whiz like his mom -LRB- even `` smarter than '' her , as Rick says -RRB- . Alex knows ancient Egyptian and hangs around the British museum.Unfortunately , someone else is hanging around the British museum . The curator has gathered followers of Imhotep , including the physical reincarnation of Imhotep 's true love , Ank-sanamun , to resurrect the mummy . There is a new player in this ancient battle
 What a great movie . from the beginning until the end it was always tense and thrilled . One of the best action adventure movie , must have the DVD too . Quality Audio and Visual it 's amazing !!
 The upcoming release of The Mummy
 This movie was an average movie , but even mor average as a sequel . I would call it a quick hollywood buck . Some of the speical efects are good , but some , such as the scorpian king himself near the end , are very fake and artificial such as a videogame.That said , this is not a horror movie as the title would suggest , but really an action and adventure movie.Overall , I would recommend this movie if you 've seen the first one , but if not , I probably would n't . < marquee > good overall , but not great < / marquee >
 Now this is what I call a movie ! Not one of these boring , no FX movies ! It 's pure action/adventure from beginning to end . The story is a lot better than the first Mummy , and so is everything . The story is a continuation of the first story . Archeologists Rick and Evie have found an ancient bracelet which the reincarnated Mummy wants to use to take over the world . Sure , the dialogue is thin , the effects are cheesy , and a two-year-old could have thought of this plot , but who cares ? It 's entertainment , pure non-stop action adventure entertainment , and that 's what it 's all about .
 I first saw The Mummy in 1999 in theaters . I was in eighth grade , and the spectacle awed me , but also kept me up all night long , covers pulled over my head , radio on and hoping to see daylight . The Mummy Returns is a Hollywood rarity in that it is as enjoyable as the first , if not quite up to parr as the 1999 predecessor . In the end , this film rocks .
 The Mummy Returns was an awesome movie ! It had loads of action , and was on-the-edge-of-your-seat exciting . The creatures were great , which included skeleton monkeys that eat people , and Anubis ' army of jackals . Rick was a kick-ass Indiana Jones type of hero , and Evie was an awesome chick who even used a sword . This is my 2nd favorite movie of 2001 -LRB- ... -RRB- THIS MOVIE RULES !
 This was a good action movie , if that was what they intended it to be . The other was more of an adventure horror film . And the other one had some pretty good comedy . Unlike this one where ther ` es a few one liners . But back to the sequel . It takes you to many different places instead of just egypt . It 's got sand elements , city elements , and now it 's got Jungle elements . Which make the movie very colorful , aside from the special effects . The action is really good . Their 's some very good gun fights , more explosions , and some pretty good fist fights/weapon fights . Their is more female action in this one too , with some dagger fights . 2 . Anyways , if you 're looking for a good action film , that 's feel good the whole way around , and a little bit of Indiana Jones in it , then this is the movie for you .
 The Mummy starring Brendan Fraser is an action-packed roller coaster ride . Great fun and some cute scares the kids willlove . My eight year old nephew loved it ! Let me just add that Arnold Vosloo fans will get a kick out of seeing him as the sexy bald Mummy and Oded Fehr is also easy on the eyes .
 Great photography and outstanding special effects . A move to see over and over just to enjoy the visual presentation .
 I realy liked this movie . I ca n't imagine why anybody would give this movie just one star . Brendan Fraser is a great actor and The Rock also did a great job . If you are a fan of Brendan you must see this movie . And when you love action and adventure movies this is a must !
 It 's even better this time around . Less gore , more fun . Of course it 's campy -- it 's supposed to be . But aside from the not-quite-there later version of the Scorpion King , this movie 's a romp from start to finish . Most of the main folk are back and there 's `` you know ... mummies ... pygmies ... big ... bugs . '' Give me this over any of those stupid dumb-joke popular flicks any day . Amusing , worthwhile characters and plenty of action . And thanks , Mr. Sommers , for bringing Ardeth Bey back . He 's got too much talent to waste .
 I thought this was an awesome movie . Not only did they keep the main characters from first movie together , but they had better and cooler special effects and tied the this movie together with what happened in the first one . This movie had alot more action in it and more special effects.Also on this DVD is many many special features like interviews with just about everyone and an egyptian type dictionary . This DVD is packed with hours and hours of fun and interesting entertainment.But this DVD and enjoy the ride .
 If you watched the first movie '' The Mummy '' , you will also enjoy this movie as well . It has the same great cast plus this one goes into a little more detail about each of the main characters.This movie is more action packed than the first , maybe just a little too much.There are two essential bad guys in this one , and at some points in the film there might be just a little too much going on at one time to keep track of.However , any fan of mummy movies will enjoy the visual effects , scenery , cast and I think especially `` the little pygmy mummies '' . Looking forward to the next one.Enjoy !!!!
 The first Mummy picture was much more of a horror/adventure movie with the human/love story thrown in almost as an afterthought . It was really pretty scarey and horrifying . The second Mummy story , albiet more special effects , is much more of an adventure story with more human focus . I was n't scared at all , and there was none of the suspense that was in the first movie . There was more of a plot , I loved them both , the focus was just a bit different in each .
 This movie is a perfect example of how a sequel ought to be done . We pick up with the same characters -- no changes , no retconning , and no disappointing surprises . Sequels like Men in Black II , Ghostbusters II , or Back to the Future II let us down because the sequels do not follow logically from the first movie . With MIB II , we expected to see Agents Jay and Elle paired up , with Agent Kay living happily ever after -- no such luck . Then the cameo of Michael Jackson was pure flatulence . And that is just the casting , not the script.The Mummy Returns avoids all of this . In fact , I was impressed to see Patricia Velasquez reprising her short role of Anck Su Namun . Yes ! Same character with the same actress ! This show the care and forethought that went into this film . And thought Ben Kingsly was a likeable character and a stellar actor , he was not brought back to life just for ratings . Yum!I ma impressed how the scriptwriter and the director are able to manage the smaller characters . We instantly connect with young Alex O'Connell or pirate-pilot Izzy Buttons , who replaces the equally charming Captain Havlock from Mummy I. BEST SCENE
 When I saw this movie for the first time , I thought it was cool , but not as cool as the first one . But then , a day later , I could n't get this movie out of my head and watched it again.Then I came to this conclusion
 I ca n't recommend both Mummy movies on Blu Ray more ! Awesome transfers for both flicks . But most of all , just good wholesome entertainment !
 This is a good movie and to add HD makes it even better . The clarity and sound is outstanding . HD is the best thing that has happened to movies in years .
 This Film And Shriek were the ONLY Great films we had this summer , and were the only films in general that delivered what it promise . The Mummy Returns is a super charge spectacular that surpasses the original In every way . The acting is great , and the girls are beautiful -LRB- Rachel Weisz is HOT -RRB- . The Special Effects are amazing , and the action is fantastic . It 's probably one of the best sequels ever made , and it 's definitely one DVD to own . If you are a dumb sad sack that has no sense of adventure , stay away from this film . If you like to have the time of your life , see this movie , it does deliver .
 well totally pissed at first as the DVD 's supplied were in the wrong region on all my diskes and this is not the first time evn all my other purchases were the wrong region , had so spend money to by a new DVD player so i 'm stricken to what room i can watch these in ... i ENJOY MY MOVIES and to have this restriction is a pain , other than this the movies are good ...
 This movie was perfect and great . This movie was special because the sport wrestling star playing in , that was good . I was exciting and I like it . This movie was making up well . This movie CGI was great . This movie so cool , everyone enjoyed this movie . My favorite movie .
 The Mummy Returns DVDThis time Evie 's and Rick 's son join the gang to battle the resurrected Imhotep , who 's battling the Skorpion King for world Dominion.Recommended for fans of the Mummy , Indiana Jones , etc.Gunner December , 2007
 The mummy returnsBy
 `` The Mummy Returns '' -LRB- 2001 -RRB- Let &#65533; s get one thing straight , I did not like the original Mummy film that much . I thought it lacked plot and was kind of boring . I didn &#65533; t hate it , but I did expect more . I was not really looking forward to The Mummy Returns because I didn &#65533; t like the original enough to take the second one seriously , but surprises come along occasionally . I &#65533; m very happy to say The Mummy Returns is definitely a good sequel that impressed me much more than the original film.The story , amazingly , was one of the strong points of this movie . There is a whole bunch of plots going on , while include the kidnapping , the parents going cross-country , the resurrecting of that darned mummy , the deal with the ancient warrior , The Scorpion King , and heck , the parents even get enough time to discover about their past lives ! Excellent!Most of the original cast returns to play their characters . Freddie Boath and Patricia Velasquez are new instalments , Boath playing the never-annoying and potentially hilarious child of Rick and Evelyn -LRB- Brendan Fraser and Rachel Weisz from the first movie -RRB- , and Velasquez playing Imhotep &#65533; s -LRB- Arnold Vosloo -RRB- lover before he died . Fraser and Weisz head the screen again , and return with their excellent chemistry and acting skills . Unfortunately Fraser isn &#65533; t given quite enough witty lines and funny scenes as in the first movie , but Weisz &#65533; s character has a big improvement . She &#65533; s no longer a geeky bookworm , but a make-up wearing , -LSB- guy -RSB- . Weisz looks beautiful and is clearly enjoying herself . John Hannah also returns , but unfortunately he just annoyed me in this movie . Arnold Vosloo is very good in this movie , he barely has any lines , but he connects with the audience excellently with his awesome facial expressions . Oded Fehr is back again to talk about destinies and fate , and kick some booty . He does exactly what the director instructs him and comes off as a fun actor but unfortunately he didn &#65533; t have a very believable character.The length and pace of the film was nice and I liked the way it started because it really got you into the mood for the &#65533; Indiana-Jones &#65533; way of things . The movie rolls along nicely and is able to fit many funny one-liners , neat and clever story twists and awesome fight sequences . I particularly enjoyed seeing the range of new beasts and sets in the movie . It &#65533; s good to see the mummy is out of Egypt and the atmospheric but boring temples and he &#65533; s come to London . Some very cool set pieces and chases revolve around the setting of the movie , which I really enjoyed.Unfortunately the movie is weighted down a little by a couple of flaws . The special effects at the end are absolutely terrible ! Things were going well until we saw The Rock &#65533; s version of a beastly Scorpion King ! The Scorpion King at the end looks like he &#65533; s crawled out of an unpopular , unwanted video game and inhabited himself somewhere through this movie . The Mummy Returns also doesn &#65533; t have as much charm about it as The Mummy did.Overall , I did enjoy this movie . It was an incredibly entertaining feast of fun , a really neatly made and intriguing popcorn sequel that mixes itself into every genre and does it well . Plus , there &#65533; s Rachel Weisz and Patricia Velasquez sword-fighting in only bikinis and gold body spray . Now , how can you possibly refuse?MY GRADE
 The Mummy Returns is practically on the heels of the first movie and is as good as the first one . The producers were smart and made this film with the first one still fresh in memory . For those waiting for another Indiana Jones movie , The Mummy and The Mummy Returns are just the ticket . Locations , scenery , and special effects are top notch , and the casting is excellent . The movie takes place a few years after the first one . Richard ` Rick ' O'Connell -LRB- Brendan Fraser -RRB- Evelyn ` Evie ' Carnahan-O'Connell -LRB- Rachel Weisz -RRB- are married and have a young son , Alex -LRB- Freddie Boath -RRB- . They are on another expedition in the Egyption desert ruins where , of course , they get involved with re-releasing the curse of the Mummy , Lord Imhotep -LRB- Arnold Vosloo -RRB- . We get to see the origin of some of the characters and introduced to a new menace , the Scorpion King , played by wrestler `` The Roc '' . From there , pandemonium is let loose and the adventure and mayhem begin . The audience is then inundated with great action sequences , escapes , monsters and some of the best digital effects . Sometimes in movies like this , the characters may get lost behind all the effects , but it 's done well here . Great supporting cast with the return of John Hannah as Jonathan Carnahan and Ardeth Bay as Oded Fehr . Freddie Boath 's character of Alex is done well in this movie . Most movies would take a child character and make them annoying . They have this child character as smart and not a smart-ass . Brendan Fraser once again shows his versatility and he and Rachel Weisz have very good chemistry as with the rest of the actors . Very entertaining escape , popcorn film . A good time is had at the movies !
 This movie is great . It is one that I will definately watch again and again .
 This is the 2nd time The Mummy Returns has been release in High Def , the first was on the Dtheater format and that was a very impressive video.Now Universal has release The Mummy Returns on HD DVD and like it 's Dtheater conterpart The Mummy Returns looks great in High Def.The picture is nice and crisp.Universal has done a nice job with this one.The Dolby Digital plus soundtrack is also nice.Now the whole Mummy saga is availible in High Def including The Scorpion King with The Rock.Great stuff .
 The backlash against `` The Mummy Returns '' has been loud and harsh , and I ca n't help but wonder why . What did everyone think this movie was going to be like ? The original `` Mummy '' was no work of art , no feat of great cinema . But it was fun . Lots of fun . `` The Mummy Returns '' is even more fun , dare I say the best film of its kind since the last time Indiana Jones cracked his whip . It 's brash , heroic , corny , cliched , overblown , overlong and loud . And I love every damn minute of it . Roger Ebert said that `` The Mummy Returns '' is a bad popcorn movie and that `` Tomb Raider '' was a good popcorn movie , and that it was his job to know these things . Apparently , Ebert is n't doing his job as well as he used to .
 This movie takes the characters from the first movie on an even grander journey ! For those of you who hated `` THE MUMMY '' , you 're not getting either . Both movies are supposed to be simple . They 're a throwback to `` Raiders of the Lost Ark '' , that kind of thrill-a-minute action/adventure stuff that Saturday morning serials were made of . Each bit of action is ` supposed ' to lead to the next , meaning
 This movie pulled through where most do not . I am always dissapointed when I go to the theatres by the lack of plot twists , music choreography and spiecial effects . Very few movies bring all these things to the screen , but this one did ! A lot of action and beatiful sceanery also make this movie one of the best I 've ever seen . The only thing bad about this movie is that if you compare other movies to it , everything else comes up extremly short .
 Ok I love this guy ... ever since his Tarzan thing ... I have beenhooked . But this movie is also very good ... when I take time to takemy focus off Brendan ... grin.Honestly , a great follow-up to the first Mummy flick.Bring em on !
 This Movie is Great . I loved it . sure there are some stupid jokes , and the CGI of the Scorpian King STUNK !!! ... but I loved the story line . I 've watched this film 3 times and I loved it all three times . So please people , stop womping on it . this movie rocks !
 The Mummy Returns toppled box office charts this summer , and why not ? It has the special effects , acting , story , and most of all the appeal to younger audiences . It grossed $ 201,950,275 ! It still ranks as # 35 of the highest grossing movies of all time.The adventure picks up ten years after the incident at Hamunaptra . And now Rick -LRB- Brendan Fraser , Blast From The Past -RRB- and Evy -LRB- Rachel Weisz , Enemy at the Gates -RRB- are now married and have a son , Alex. They then find the bracelet of Anubis , and with that the adventure begins . The library director then brings Imhotep -LRB- Arnold Vosloo -RRB- back to life , with the help of the reincarnated Anuck-Su-Na-Mun -LRB- Patricia Velazquez -RRB- . As good and evil fight for the bracelet , which will resurrect The Scorpion King -LRB- The Rock -RRB- . This film is packed with lost of action and special effects . If you liked the first , you will enjoy this movie as well.DVD Special Features Included : * Region 1 encoding -LRB- US and Canada only -RRB- * Color , Closed-captioned , Widescreen , Dolby * Commentary by director Stephen Sommers * In-depth look into the astonishing special effects
 If you want a deep story line that is completely believable this is NOT the movie for you . If you want to be entertained and dazzled by some great special effects then do n't miss it . After working a high-stress filled day at the office , plop down on the couch and slide this into the VCR and enjoy ! Some of the other reviewers state that not much character development exists from the first movie to this one , but I disagree . There is a tatoo that is significant -LRB- watch the movie to find out why -RRB- , as well as some past life regressions that further expand on one character . The recreation of the Scorpion Kings realm was absolutely awesome ! . Yes , the story line is a bit far-fetched , but was n't starwars , ET , Lord of the Rings , and just about every other great film ?
 This movie had so many special effects , it is overwhelming at times . They definitely spent more time on the effects than the storyline . This is a good movie to own and you will enjoy it , but do n't expect too much from the story .
 If you liked The Mummy , you 'll love Mummy 2 . Bigger , better , etc. . Outtakes are hilarious !
 I really had a good time with this film . Yes , it 's not the greatest film ever made but it does get the job done in the thrills department . I even think that it 's better than the first movie in some ways.Good Job to all the actors involved , and to the guys behind the special effects . Well worth a place in your DVD Collection .
 I personally do n't give a hoot what critics to the negative have to say . I enjoyed the movie because it was just simply fun . It is so rare to find a movie showing love , concern for family and friends , and no explicit language or sex.How can one not like the new talent of Oded Fehr , he is just great in this movie and I want to see more of him . I too was not impressed by the `` rock '' simply because they gave him too much credit , but it pulled in the kids and `` face it '' the movie did a huge business . For pure enjoyment , just watch it and have fun and do n't be so critical .
 Good action flick . Again , as in the first film , they give Brendan Fraser too many corny lines . But , he was much better this time around.I will not tell the story other than to say that the bad guy is back along with a bunch of his friends . The action goes from the desert to the streets of London back to the desert ... There will be a follow up film later this year to expand on `` The Scorpion King '' that was introduced here . That should be quite good.The special effects are great ! The creatures ! Wow ! The scenery ... Wow!The sound went well with the film . I had the volume relatively high . The sub-woofer was really felt during the action sequences .
 At first I did not care for this , but after watching it again , I have to say I love it , definately a fun summer movie , it is right up there with Indiana Jones as far as thrill rides go , Brendan Fraser 's Rick O'Connell could in all reality be a rival to Harrison Ford 's Jones , Director Stephen Sommers wanted to out do himself with this sequel , & for the most part he did just that , the film begins with the Scopion King -LRB- The Rock -RRB- who is out to conquer anyone & everyone , soon he is near death as he makes a last plea to his God for eternity , his wish is soon granted as he becomes immortalized for thousands of years , the film then progresses to 1933 , some 8 years after the events of the first film , Rick & Evelyn are now married with an 8 year old son & for the most part living a normal life , they still treasure hunt , but with caution , they soon discover the scorpion King 's wrist band that has the power to unleash his wrath upon the world , unknown to them , there are mercenary hunters digging in the City of the Dead , the first film 's centerpiece , the tomb of Imetopp is once again brought back to life as he is re-united with his love who has somehow been re-incarnated in the form of another woman who bears a resemblence , when they learn of the Scorpion King 's wrist band they go after O'Connell for it , that is when the fun begins , soon O'Connell & Co. are once again on the ride of their lives as ` Connell 's son who is wearing the wrist band is kidnapped , Imetopp , determined to acquire the Scorpion King 's powers proceeds to follow the path of which the Scorpion King dwells , what follows is one adventure after another , Everyone from the original returns for this one , somthing that is rare in sequels , Arnold Vosloo gives more depth to Imetopp , as does the protector -LRB- ca n't remember his name -RRB- Patricia Valesquez is stunning as his re-incarnated lover & Rachel Weisz is equally stunning as Evelyn ... & Brendan Fraser is comical as always as O'Connell , definately a thrill ride if you do n't take it so seriously , the locations are stunning to watch , Ancient Egypt is brought to life in a very realistic way , a little contrived , but a winner nonetheless , definately outdoes it 's original !!
 This movie is just plain pure fun . Yes , a bit scary for little ones , but very little bad language -LRB- wow -RRB- and no explicit sex scenes . This is a rarity anymore.I esp . liked Oded Fehr . He is very exciting and played his part to perfection . I certainly hope to see much more of him and also hopefully in this type of roll . . adventure and excitement . I was also impressed by the way that Rachel changed her character from a bit of a flip to a serious person.Whole movie was a delight and lots of fun ... Pooh to critics ... we need escapism and this is a good one . Check out Oded people , he is an exciting new talent .
 Loved this movie . However I did notice that Brendan Fraser has less screen time than in the first movie . I suppose that is to be expected when 3 new characters are introduced . The DVD version of the movie that has the Director 's Commentary is fascinating to listen to . The story is great . Wish there could be part III
 Now THIS is a great popcorn film !! After seeing the trailer on the Ultimate Edition of the original ` Mummy ' DVD , I knew this was one summer movie I could n't pass up . And you know what ? I was right . Even detractors of ` The Mummy Returns ' will agree
 Not quite as `` tongue in cheek '' as the first installment , but a definite good time nonetheless . Special effects are outstanding , although the CGI is somewhat obvious .
 Boris Karloff 's `` The Mummy '' was remade in 2001 into The Mummy , starring Brendan Frasier . This is the sequel and is so much better than the original . The basic plot
 I greatly enjoyed `` The Mummy '' when it was resurrected several few years ago . I can recall many late hours spent watching Zacherlee and Shock Theater , entranced by the antics of a whole slew of monsters , with The Mummy being one of the most memorable . In those days movies still had to have plots and spooky atmospherics to do what we do with special effects and a truckload of gore today.What made the new `` Mummy '' fun was not just the updated effects . It also had just the right tongue-in-cheek attitude . Let 's face it , mummy movies are high camp . Abbott and Costello figured it out first , but it took decades before Universal Pictures discovered the same secret . Now , as in the original film series , we are offered a sequel , once again called `` The Mummy Returns . `` Set 10 years later than the time of the first movie , Rick O'Connell -LRB- Brendan Fraser -RRB- and Evelyn Carnahan -LRB- Rachel Weisz -RRB- have married and have an 8-year-old son , Alex -LRB- Freddy Boath -RRB- . They have returned to Egypt seeking the Bracelet of Anubis , an ancient artifact associated with the legendary Scorpion King of Egypt 's fabled past . In doing so they trigger an adventure that will have them chasing all over the Egyptian map . For , not far from the O'Connell dig , a group of nefarious cultists are once again resurrecting the mummy of the evil Imhotep -LRB- Arnold Vosloo -RRB- , the real star of the first movie.Imhotep 's has plans for the Scorpion King -LRB- The Rock -RRB- and his minions which require the bracelet . He would also like to even the score with the O'Connells , who foiled his first return . When Alex inadvertently puts on the Bracelet of Anubis , and is kidnapped , he triggers a chase scene that stretches from England to Abyssinia . Imhotep and his beloved Ankh-so-namun -LRB- Patricia Velasquez -RRB- use every dirty trick in the book in their plan to conquer the world . Before Alex -LRB- and life as we know it -RRB- is rescued , our doughty heroes will be treated to every kind of adventure and mishap , including reincarnation , dirigible rides , pigmy zombies , and the Scorpion King himself.The actors are perfectly in character , capturing the thrill and fun without any sense of overacting . The effects are gorgeous . The DVD does a wonderful job of capturing the film , modifying it to fit the television screen without excess or glaring distortion . As on would expect , there is a host of bonus features , including interviews , outtakes and countless explanations of the effects . Several games and the required screen savers and wallpaper are all provided . Great fun for all .
 In The Mummy , we saw unlikely characters come together to face an unspeakable evil . You had an ex Legionnaire , played by Fraser , a clumsy but beautiful librarian -LRB- Weisz -RRB- , her gold hungry brother , and an Arabian holy warrior fighting to keep a mystical mummy from coming to full power . It was a great romp and we had a blast watching it . In my opinion , the best thing about the Mummy Returns is that not only does the Mummy return , so does everyone else ... well at least everyone who may not have died in the first one . It is great to see all the familiar characters come back . Once again , the believability and plot are stretched to their limits but also once again , the movie moves at a blinding pace . The action and story are well structured , and the script is solid , if not hokey at times . The story is more original , dealing with the reincarnation of Imhotep 's lover as well as raising the Mummy again as well . A chase begins , as Rick and Evelyn -LRB- and friends -RRB- pursue Imhotep and his allies across the desert . In the tradition of making a sequel bigger and better , the formula sometimes gets too big for it 's own borders , but director Stephen Sommers seems to know when to draw the line in most cases . He maintains control and still keeps the movie from going awry . The special effects are once again incredible , but in some places , too much CGI may have been used . The fight scene at the end would have been better if they had toned down certain aspects . I wo n't say more about it for fear or ruining it for those who may not have seen it , but if you liked the first movie , there is no reason why you would n't like this one . You may not like it as much , or you may like it more . But like the first one , take it for what is ; entertainment . Nothing more .
 This being the most sucssesful summer movie of 2001 , everyone is back for a bigger and better the second time around . In the dessert of Thebes 5000 years ago a war rages led by the Scorpion King played by WWF superstar Dwane -LRB- The Rock -RRB- , Jhonson who leads his army into battle only to be defeated and his soul taken and permanetly placed in the Oasis of Ohmshere to build the ultimute amy of Anuibus.Now some 5000 years later and we are in 1933 , Rick is 10 years older and married to Evelyn and has a son , but just as he is about ready to hang up the hat Evelyn convinces him to go on one last journey.But just as things look like they could n't go wrong they do with the reincarnated Ank Su Namun who is determined to ressurect Rick 's old friend the mummy when they do the film shifts into full gear while the gangs all here they find themselves dealing with more then just a mummy.Mummies , The army of Anubius , and the local natives the look like ancient figurines bigspectacular specal effects in this huge lavish sequel .
 Features a terrific cast , amazing digital effects and a very inventive take on the story of The Mummy . Not quite as clever as the original , but still very enjoyable .
 `` The Mummy Returns '' is the sequel to 1999 's `` The Mummy '' and made more money than the original . Starring hunk Brenden Fraser , the story deals with the resurrection of mummy , Imhotep , and his destruction on those he encounters , as well as the powerful Scorpion King , played with great villany by former wrestler The Rock . Rick -LRB- Brenden Fraser -RRB- is now married and it 's up to him and his wife to save their son from these forces of evil . The DVD comes with a ton of bonuses including interviews , commentary , trailers , outtakes , video , and much more . `` The Mummy Returns '' was followed by `` The Mummy
 The Mummy Returns is one of the best sequals in a long time ! Brendan Fraser and Rachel Weisz have great chemistry together on screen . I love this movie ! It has action , adventure , romance , and comedy all in one .
 My daughter loves this movie , and the first one . We purchased both . Picture and sound quality are excellent , even if it is a VHS tape .
 Although HD-DVD is now an unsupported format , this is still a excellent upgrade from the standard DVD version , and for those that already have a HD-DVD player , the price can not be beat .
 If you like Brendan Fraser , then you will like this movie . I see that some people classify this as horror . I would say it 's camp . An enjoyable reprise of the first movie . This edition also contains a digital copy of the movie , so you can pop it onto your ipod .
 Great continuation to the story . It is a solid follow-up to the first movie . Again , super cast , solid story , and a fun ride . Quick comment on the Mummy 3 . Poor cast choices for the son -LRB- there was n't a teenager available from Harry Potter ? -RRB- and Evie -LRB- Rachel Weisz , the only Evie , would have come back if the story had been there -RRB- . Poor story , they should have gone back to Egypt . If you raised Imoteph 2 times , you could do it one more time , -LRB- still can ; have Imoteph fall in love with Evie , and come back from the underworld to claim her at any cost . His girl let him down and he saw the love that Rick and Evie have for each other . All he wants is to be loved , at any cost . Someone write a screen play and right the wrong the producers and writers of The Mummy 3 did to the franchise . -RRB- Brenden Fraser was too nice doing part 3 , ya 'll let him down big time ! I wrote my review of part 3 here b/c I wo n't be purchasing it .
 For any naysayers hexing this film , a pox upon you . This is Saturday afternoon matinee fare as it was meant to be , served up hot and delicious . Action , monsters , curses , liable heroes and heroines , flesh eating things , and more . A bowl of popcorn , what more could one ask ???????????? Get this one and it 's prequel .
 The Mummy Returns -LRB- Widescreen Collector 's Edition -RRB- is an entertaining blockbuster that is thin on plot and charachter development but heavy on special effects , one liners and many many action scenes . Do not expect great acting or a plot that remotely makes sense since if you do then you will be very disapointed since it has neither . I expected an actionpacked popcorn movie and this is what I got . 4/5 .
 Another great adventure with lots of action and computer generated visuals . You can always count on Brendan Fraser for a great performance . Another winner .
 I enjoyed this movie as it is fun and easy to watch without being so serious . Lots of action , and the mummy is cool too !
 The Mummy Returns -LRB- Widescreen Collector 's Edition -RRB- This one is worth seeing . The characters are enjoyable -LRB- both the good and the bad guys -RRB- and Patricia Velasquez finally gets to do some serious acting . I 'm not going to give away anything but let 's just say if you 're hoping for a chickfight between her and Rachel Weisz you probably wo n't be disappointed.A lot of reviewers were negative on this film and I can understand they felt let down a bit . They 'd already been stunned by the computer generated special effects in the first film and you wo n't see anything new in that way in this film -LRB- variations on a theme but nothing really NEW -RRB- . But we DO get a decent story , fine acting , great on-screen chemistry between our two stars -LRB- I did n't realize how great until I saw the third movie where they replaced Rachel with someone else as Evie and it just DID N'T work at all . Mummy 3 is a clunker in a LOT of ways but without Ms Weisz there was none of the enjoyable interaction between her and Brendan Fraser that made this and the first one so enjoyable . And that would have helped make # 3 more BEARABLE -RRB- . Together Brendan and Rachel have a touch of that on-screen magic one sees when William Powell and Myrna Loy are on -- or Humphrey Bogart and Lauren Bacall . Maria Bello , though nice to look at and a good actress just was n't right for the part . Bad casting ruined the last Mummy movie 3 . Well , that plus a lousy script by Gough and Miller who should have stuck to playing Gough -- and crappy direction from Rob Cohen.Sorry I got sidetracked but film three was just SO bad -- the Tomb of the Dragon Emperor -- it drags ON alright until the inevitable expected foreseen and unbelievably uninteresting by the time they reach it -- ending.THIS ONE is a CLASSIC buy it with confidence own it with pride display it with savoir-faire THE MUMMY RETURNS will never let you down.Amaze your friends with trivia not found on IMDB -LRB- for instance , that Boris Karloff was Imhotep in the first Mummy movie back in 1932 . But when he got his bandages off his name was Ardath Bey -LRB- here played by Oded Fehr -RRB- That in the Karloff film Ankh-es-en-amoun -LRB- loosely tranlated Life of Amoun -- or Amoun-Ra -RRB- was NOT evil and was played by Zita Johann who died in 1993 but in her last film role she played aLIBRARIAN -LRB- RAIDERS OF THE LIVING DEAD 1986 -RRB- . And , of course , that 's what Evie is when we first meet her .
 The Mummy Returns is an excellent movie and it was sent to me in record time . I have no complaints .
 I owned the HD-DVD version of the film ... not anymore . This Blu-ray is the definitive option . It looks fantastic and sounds amazing . Great special features also . Highly recommended !
 I will buy it the second it comes out : -RRB- This is one of my favorite movies !
 As the finale of this movie shows . Evie rescues Rick , but Patricia Velasquez 's resurrection of Anck Su Namun runs away from her ` true love ' , Imhotep.Brendan Fraser & Rachel Weiz are back once more , with their characters bratty little son , Alex -LRB- Freddie Boath -RRB- . Arnold Vosloo is also brought back , with a much bigger role this time , and for the guys , Patricia Velasquez is back as Meela Nais , the reincarnation of Anck Su Namun . The designs on Anuk Su Namun 's sleeves on her dress look exactly like her body paint in her previous life . John Hannah & Oded Fehr return as Jonathan & Ardeth Bey respectively.Who are the cast joined by this time ? The one , the only , Dwayne Johnson , otherwise known as The Rock , for all you wrestling fans . He shone so much in the TWO scenes , Stephen Sommers promptly gave him his own movie.There 's a lot of similarities between the first movie and this movie . When Alex is reading from the Book of the Dead , he has trouble translating a hieroglyph of a stork . His Uncle Jonathan reminds Alex what the symbol means . In the original , Jonathan needed help from Evie translating the same symbol . The dialogue is almost exactly the same as the first film , and in both movies , the person helping the translator with the last word , is fighting with Anck-su-namun while they speak -LRB- Evie in the first film , and Jonathan in the second -RRB- . Also , the title does not appear at the beginning of this film . The title finally is given at the end of the picture , after the headlining credits but before main credits roll . -LRB- That 's why I love this film
 I read a lot of bad reviews for THE MUMMY RETURNS and I serious do n't get you people ... . how can you say the first MUMMY is better than the second one ?!!!! For me , I loved the second one and bought the DVD the day that it came out -LRB- it 's that good ! -RRB- Here 's the REAL reason why the second one is better : - EXCELLENT SPECIAL EFFECTS ... . BETTER THAN THE ONE IN THE FIRST - INTRIGUING STORY ... . BETTER THAN THE ONE IN THE FIRST - PACKED WITH ACTION ... . THAT THE FIRST ONE LACKED - MORE REALISTIC ... THE FIRST MUMMY , CAMELS RAN FASTER THAN HORSES , COMPLETELY INSANE ! PS - JUST GET THE DVD AND YOU 'LL BE HAPPY FOR 2H AND 10 MIN , TRUST ME !
 Like the first movie , this is a great action/adventure film if you can suspend disbelief for 2 hours and 10 minutes . The special effects are incredible , especially during the huge battle scenes . The shear number of humans on horses or foot and enemy `` beings '' is staggering - It looks pretty real too.There is some slight pixelation during some dark scenes throughout the film when viewed using a progressive scan DVD player and a 16:9 progressive monitor . Overall , the transfer is OK to good in quality.The soundtrack is LOUD . Even though I wanted a DTS track too -LRB- it will be on the Ultimate Edition I 'm sure -RRB- , I 'll be happy with the current Dolby Digital 5.1 track until then . There is no raised dialog normalization offset here
 I must say that this is one of the best sequels i have seen in a long time.it 's great , but i would n't suggest taking a 6 year old to it . in my opinion , ages 9 and up if the nine year old is able to tolerate some creepy images .
 Well if you liked the first movie you will like the second . Imhotep woman is trying to bring him back and the whole world is in risk of being destroyed by evil . Throw in the Rock as the Scorpion King . -LRB- A soon to be released move , but it has little to do with mummies -RRB- and you get a great action flick . The CGI on the Scorpion King was well less than perfect , to be honest it stunk !! Well worth adding to you collection !
 This movie is awesome ! the story is great ! It 's helps to have seen the first movie , but it is not a must . The Mummy Returns surpassed the Mummy . When young Alex puts on Dad 's bracelet , a map is shown to him and a crazy adventure ensues with all the favorite charaters from the first movie and a few more to root for ! Has some suprises I never saw coming -LRB- and , of course , some everyone did -RRB-
 This movie will blow you out of the theater . The best sequal I have ever seen . I have seen a lot of sequals that should n't have ever seen the light of day . All I have to say is , if you have n't seen it you 're missing out on the best movie of the year . The special fx on this movie is great . The plot is awsome . The characters even better . This is a must own movie . Go now and buy it today . -LRB- So what if it does n't come out until October . -RRB- Pre-order it today .
 I personally loved this movie . Though it did have quite a bit of action , there were a lot of things in this movie that explained things from the last movie . I found that the reincarnation twist with Evelyn was very interesting . Though there did n't seem to be much character development , I have to say , was n't that already done in the first movie ? Most of the characters in this movie were recurring . There was only one person in this film who was truly significant and was not in the first film , and that is the young boy , Alex. Alex is a small child and did n't seem to have as much significance as Anuk-sun-amun , the Mummy 's dead girlfriend . In the first film , she was one character that I really wanted to know more about , but she was never fully explained . I was very pleased when I found her to be a more significant character with an actual history to her in the second film . For anyone who loves Egyptian myths and lots of action , this is a great movie to see !
 I loved this movie and went to see it 2 times . It was even better than the first one and it was a perfect sequel . I must say that what made it really good was the sad , but surprising part near the end , I wo n't say anything for those who have n't seen it . Jonathan was soooooo funny . I hope they make another !
 Okay , all you out there who want a heavy plot and more characterization , let 's see
 I 've seen this movie so many times . I loved it . I got to see it for the first time the day it came out in the theaters ! Usually the sequals stink but this one does n't ! It even has the Rock in it ! New villains , new characters , new story ! If you have n't seen it . You should!Rated PG-13 For Action/Adventure Violence , and Language.Running Time
 Even though The Rock only appears in the movie for about three minutes , his role is very important to the story . As the Scorpion King , The Rock is a leader of the people turned bad . Rick O'Connell -LRB- Brendan Fraser -RRB- and his wife -LRB- Rachel Weisz -RRB- are back for a new adventure along with their nine-year-old son Alex -LRB- an annoying little rascal -RRB- . Why spend your money to watch them though ? It 's all about the WWE star . The plot is thin reviving Imhotep -LRB- Arnold Vosloo -RRB- , the mummy from the first film , to capture the Scorpion King 's bracelet which will control mysterious Egyptian soldiers who merely look like dogs with staffs and hoods . Oh yes , if it was n't for The Rock , none of this would have ever happened . The Rock 's face is funny and he yells in a strange language . It was far out ! Talk about the birth of a new genius . He was the lone survivor after a huge battle -LRB- characteristic of a genius -RRB- and he destroyed many people . It was an honor to watch `` The People 's Champion '' kick some bootay outside of the ring . Please ! Hollywood Hulk Hogan and Triple H are nothing compared to The Rock . The `` People 's Eyebrow '' was missing in action , but thank you to the wizards who made `` The Scorpion King '' . The three minutes of The Rock is the whole movie and he made it worthwhile . Oh yes . Good job Stephen Sommers and cast , but I praise The Rock for being a new deity .
 Brendan Fraser and Co. are back for a second round with that nasty mummy with twice the adventure , special effects and even a 10 year old son for the two lead characters . While this sequel is lacking some of the charm of the first film , it is still a satisfying `` summer '' action film that you can sit back with a tub of popcorn and enjoy . Wrestling star , The Rock , makes a cameo at the beginning of the movie as the Scorpion King , a character whose story helps set the plot in motion . Fans of the WWF star may be disappointed as he is only in the film for 5 minutes or so . The dvd includes several extra features and any fan of the first film will more than likely enjoy this one too . Good film for a boring afternoon or to see with a group of friends .
 Excellent Action / adventure movie . Super special effects.Parts are incredibly funny . Better than Original .
 this is one of the best movies i have ever seen . I have watched this movie over 100 times and each time i watch it i enjoy every moment of it.Its a great family movie that everyone will enjoy . I rate this movie a 5 star .
 Oh , my Lord ! I am so tired of hearing people try to critique this movie as if it was taking itself seriously . It is almost enough to make one think that no one has ever seen the Evil Dead trilogy -LRB- Evil Dead I/II , Army of Darkness -RRB- . These movies are nothing but prime examples of directors poking fun at the entire action movie industry . From the moment Brendan Fraser 's character 's family returns home to England , it is immediately evident that the writers were cracking up as they cooked up more and more cliched and contrived scenes . The best example of this is -LRB- spoiler ahead -RRB- , when Fraser and the Rock are locked in combat , the action freezes the Amenhotep , the Mummy , rushes onto the screen to strike a dramatic pose and scream `` NOOOO ! `` Do n't ask for character development in a movie like this . You would n't in a National Lampoon movie . The Mummy Returns is exactly like those
 ANswer
 You know , this movie delivers EXACTLY what it 's supposed to - pure fun . Constant action , beautiful girls , handsome men , comedy , more action , great special effects ... What more could you want ? With eye candy like Oded Fehr , Brendan Fraser , THE ROCK ... come on guys , what 's with all the bad ratings ??? This movie does not set out to be an oscar winner , it sets out to entertain . Buy it , rent it ... whatever you choose to do , you wo n't be disappointed after viewing it unless you go into watching it with hopes that ca n't be met by a movie of this genre . I 'll say it again -- it delivers pure unadulterated entertainment .
 Okay , so this was n't the best movie of all time , but I think it was great ! My friends and I went to see it at the movie theaters in May , and it was rather exciting ! `` The Mummy Returns '' has lots of action and humor . I do n't understand why half of the people who wrote these reviews did n't like this movie ! I understand that you have your own opinions , though , so it 's your opinion . But in my opinion , it 's great ! Buy it if you like action !
 I thought it was a pretty good movie but there were somethings I did n't like about it . For instance some of the graphics were kind of cheesy but , overall I thought it was a good movie
 This Film And Shriek were the ONLY Great films we had this summer , and were the only films in general that delivered what it promise . The Mummy Returns is a super charge spectacular that surpasses the original In every way . The acting is top notch , and the girls are beautiful -LRB- Rachel Weisz is HOT -RRB- . The Special Effects are top notch , and the action is amazing . It 's probably one of the best sequels ever made , and it 's definitely one DVD to own . Get it and prepare to be blown away by it .
 This movie was definitly not the best of the first two films . They put to much love in the movie and you can not do that with Thrillers or Action Adventure movies . If you want a good movie that does not put love first , go see Jurassic Park 3 .
 Ok - first of all they could have casted the The Rock better in this . Overall a decent movie . Brendan Fraser returns and does a great job ... special effects were brilliant .
 THIS MOVIE IS SOOOOOOOOOOOOOO GOOD ! ALMOST AS GOOD AS THE FIRST!THE WHOLE PLOT IS STILL REALLY GOOD , SO I HIGHLY RECOMEND IT !
 This is a great movie with so much action . I think it is just as good as the first , even better . It has new characters and a cool new villian .
 `` Mission
 This was a very good movie . It was a little gory and bloody but it was n't too bad . The plot was sort of confusing but it all made sense in the end . Tom Cruise does a fantastic job playing Ethan Hunt -LRB- a secret agent that was disavowed -RRB- . He had to get a disc with a list of the secret agents and deliver it to Max , in order to get ... million . He gets help from another disavowed agent , Luther . Together with another man named Krieger the they break into CIA headquarters and get the NOC list . If you want to know what happens in the end you must whatch this awesome movie . -LRB- Rated PG for some intense action violence . -RRB- - John
 After recently viewing the very disappointing sequel to M : I , I took a look back at this movie , watched it , and thought how M : I 2 could have been . What if , instead of John Woo , Brian DePalma had returned , and we had actually gotten a decent story ! It 's a good question , but I 'm not reviewing M : I 2 . I 'm reviewing M : I.While the acting for the most part is sub-par -LRB- even though Cruise 's performance is pretty damn good -RRB- , the story is what really sets this movie apart from the usual Bond-clone . You do n't know who the enemy is until the end , which leaves you in suspense for quite a while . When you realize who it is , you find out that it all makes sense . The movie may take about 5 viewings before you can truly understand it , and even then it 's quite confusing . But the movie is always enjoyable , especially the last few scenes.But what really got me into this movie is it 's revolutionary impact on the spy movie genre . Instead of focusing on girls , guns , and gagets , this movie focused more on the stealth issue always apparent in the original M : I series . And you can not beat the CIA break in or the Train scenes . They are simply some of the greatest ever produced .
 This is a very good movie . It 's like a good piece of art , which at the time of viewing is very good . However after the viewing is done , there is not much one takes away from the movie . This movie relies a lot on suspense and emotion . It 's very stylishly made , and it 's excellent to watch in suspense.IT 's obviously much better in terms of plot and style than the farce of a movie directed by the overrated Jhon Woo . -LRB- trust me , he 's a very typcial asian director , just because you have n't seen others does n't mean there are n't any . -RRB- Remember Mission impossible is supposed to be a team movie , as is the first one . Not a trashy one man circus like it 's sequal.Watch this movie , and enjoy .
 Had watched this movie back when it was first released and enjoyed it . I was a fan of the old TV series and this was a good takeoff from that series , starting with `` Mr Phelps '' a chacter name taken from the TV show . By todays standards the technology was a bit dated but the story line was good . Worth watching especially if your a Prime member as its free for now .
 I 'm a fan of Mission Impossible movies . I wanted to add this great movie to my HD-DVD collection . I had an HD-DVD player before a Bluray and wanted a few of these HD-DVDs as these are now cheaper due to being obsolete .
 Great movie to add to the DVD collection and Tom Cruise is such a good actor which shows in the majority of his movies .
 I love all of the Mission Impossible movies ! I also like that this movie is is in Amazon 's Free Instant Play if you have Amazon Prime . Definitely a great movie that everyone should watch at least once .
 The original in the Cruise M.I. series and it does not dissapoint . Good casting and action sequences throughout . A good buy for your collection .
 I really love this movie , and Tom Cruise is always a hit . Strangely , though , the scene where he 's typing and nodding off at the computer puts me to sleep without fail ; it 's very suggestive . Who needs Ambien when you can sleep with Tom ?
 It 's really good , I liked it a lot , it 's swell , you know what I mean jelly bean ? I mean oh my god is it good , there was thunderbolts and lightning very very frightening .
 I had no problems streaming this video . The quality of the movie was great and I enjoyed watching this movie . I would use Amazon instant video again .
 I saw M : I in the theaters back when it came out . A sense of humor really sets it apart from the usual crowd of action movies . In particular , the scene at Langley , involving a true ` poison pen , ' is fantastic . Ving Rhames , Jean Reno , Emmanuelle Beart , Vanessa Redgrave , and Jon Voight actually get some character development . And Tom Cruise just has this twinkle in his eye the whole time -- you know he 's enjoying himself . He straddles the line between cockiness and arrogance perfectly . By comparison , MI :2 and MI :3 have paper-thin characters , recycled plotlines , and very little humor . Cruise is dark and edgy there , with none of the first M : I 's `` Ha Ha -- I pulled one over on you . '' It 's clear the sequels ' writers were n't nearly as talented . I have n't seen MI : Ghost Protocol yet , so I ca n't comment there -- hopefully it 's humorous and there 's some character development.As for the reviewers who feel this movie does n't do justice to the TV series -- you might be right . I grew up after the TV series went off the air , so I do n't have that lurking in the back of my mind as a constant source of comparison . FYI , I did n't think the Harry Potter films or the Lord of the Rings trilogy captured the spirit of the books , so I 'm not unsympathetic to your plight.Either way , though , the first M : I movie is the only one I 'd see again because `` I kind of miss being disreputable '' ; - -RRB-
 I always liked the first theatrical installment of Mission
 `` This mission will self destruct in five seconds '' . That is a classic line in movie history that everyone should know . Mission Impossible is based on the popular TV series that spawned 7 seasons . This motion picture adaptation is a wonderful treat indeed , it includes espionage , action , suspense you name it this movie hits the nail on the spot . The only thing about the movie that . . well is n't bad but troublesome is the plot which is quite confusing but then again that is what makes the film shine ; so yeah if I where you I would give the movie a couple of multiple viewings in order to comprehend the film 's plot.The movie 's plot surrounds Tom Cruise ' character of Ethan Hunt , IMF agent -LRB- Impossible Mission Force -RRB- Who looses his team of spies in a mission gone bad . It seems that there is a list known as the NOC list , which contains the names of all the agents working for the agency , if stolen or obtained by the wrong source it could jeopardize every agent in the force . So without ruining the movie it 's all about Treason and it requires a lot of thinking and observation ... In a way the viewer must behave as a spy in order to understand it and notice the tiniest important detail . So as I said it may require second viewing , in my case I had to watch it 4 times in order to understand it completely.The only thing that I found a bit silly is the last action sequence in the train ; it feels out of place as if the movie out of nowhere changed genre from espionage to action . Also the film is kind of dated but it wo n't ruin the movie 's plot which is phenomenal . Last thing make sure that when you buy it that it is the special collectors edition . I say this because of experience ; the standard version is presented in a letterboxed format . Which means that if played on a plasma HD screen it will look horendous , due to the fact that it is not enhaced for 16:9 screens . If you have a regular 4:3 screens then I guess it 's okay to buy the cheaper standard one , the special edition does n't include many special features anyway . So yeah great movie , a bit confusing but phenomenal . Definitely a must have.MY PERSONAL RATING
 Great action and story line ; it really keeps you guessing ...
 I enjoyed this film not only because of the great action but because you get to try to figure out a mystery . While I was watching it with some friends I jokingly guessed who the `` mole '' was and who was in on the scheme with him . Little did I know that I had guessed right and it was exciting to watch the plot unfold . Although I was not completely blown away by the special effects , it could be because I only saw this movie on video and not in the theatre where it should be viewed . Lots of action , good intense scenes , got ta use your head a little -- a good flick .
 Nitpickers be warned
 This movie is BEYOND WORDS . The plot is sophisticated , and at the same time incredibly well structured . I own the movie , and have seen it at least 30 times , and still learn a couple things i did n't know every time i see it . The cast is made up of , well , the best . i could n't think of ANY actor who could play a better part for the character each of the actors played . this movie is so far ahead of any other movie created , the more you see it , the more you grow to love it . it does take a great deal of thinking , the plot takes many twists and turns , and it 's hard to follow , which is a big reason why i love it so much . the finale of the movie is just incredible , gets your adrenaline THROBBING . the music fits in PERFECTLY with the action . i HIGHLY recommend this movie , and do hope that you enjoy it .
 Tom Cruise and Director Brian De Palma breathe life into and put a foot in the rear of the original television series . I tried watching the popular television series , starring Peter Graves and Martin Landau -LRB- among others -RRB- and I just couldnt keep with it . I admit it had intrigue and interesting plot but hardly any excitement to keep you glued . I found myself ready to take a nap after 20 minutes of an episode because it was so slow moving and had several gaps without dialogue . The action scenes in this stylish and explosive remake are sometimes over the top , but who cares , thats what makes it fun and exciting in the first place . I also recommend the sequel , MI :2 , directed by action genius , John Woo -LRB- Hard Boiled , Broken Arrow , Face Off -RRB- in theatres now ! The stunts and fight scenes are choreographed in operatic Woo style and the film itself is at least as good as the orginal . `` Your mission , should you choose to except it -LRB- and you should -RRB-
 a good film when considered as a stand alone . some of the , errr , let 's call them ` changes ' -LRB- or ` liberties ' ? -RRB- taken with the GospelAccording To TV cause problems with fans of the original show -LRB- some of whom not unreasonably ca n't get over what was done withMartin Landau 's character -RRB- i would say that the casting of Kittridge -LRB- Henry Czerny -RRB- whohad recently cropped up in Clear And Present Danger , was a smartmove
 First of all , there is a reason why this film is so great . Brian De Palma directed it ! De Palma is a master visualist and this movie looks like none other . De Palma makes complete use of depth within the frame and his visual style is unmatched by any director working today -LRB- Scorsese being the exception -RRB- so this film -LRB- unlike MI2 -RRB- holds up and is still interesting & riveting after repeated viewings . MI2 is a stupid , cliched plot with lotsa action and explosions I have already seen . This one really makes you think when you watch it and the way the spy/action/suspense scenes are directed & handled are wonderful . Also , a great script from David Koepp & the legendary Robert Towne
 `` Mission
 Most movies in this catagory go like this , Bad guy trys to take over or destroy something , Good guy stops Bad guy , Good guy gets girl , the end.Mission Impossible takes a very different approach , and it works !
 it was a really good movie . it really keeps you on the egde of your seat . the ending is quite surprising . the movie was action packed and pretty good .
 I LOVE THIS MOVIE ! The first `` M : I '' I ever saw was `` M : I-2 '' which I liked of course . But this movie is better as far as plotting . The second one is a straight forward action movie . This is a true espionage thriller with great acting to boot . The special effects were amazing also . The train sequence was truly a sight to behold . The scene in which Etahn Hunt -LRB- Tom Cruise -RRB- breaks into a high security CIA vault is nerve-wracking to watch . I reccomend this movie with high regards . As the theatrical trailer says `` EXPECT THE IMPOSSIBLE '' .
 This is BY FAR the best action movie of the 90 's . A fantastic epic film , with the sites becoming more and more exotic until we reach the climax in the -LSB- UK-France -RSB- Chunnel . This last chase scene by itself is better than most action movies of this decade.I 've seen this movie more than 10 times and I see something new each time.Highly Recommended .
 It is action packed and nothing is what it seams . For some it might be a litle hard to follow . Cruise does an excellent job in the movie . I loved it !
 Tom Cruise goes to action mode in this confusing , but entertaining remake of the show . It is filled with stunts , traitors , explosions , and questions . After buying it , I finally figured out the plot , which is n't bad . A good cast is the icing on the cake .
 This movie has lots of actions ! It 's one of the best.You have to see i
 This is a great movie ! It has a confusing plot , I 've watched it about 5 times and there are still some parts that I do n't get . But , it 's still a cool movie and it 's cool how Jim Phelps dies !
 This movie is action packed . They have secret agents looking for a noc list . It is worth a lot of money . They use lots of tecnolgy to find this noc list . It is a very good movie !
 Great movie and fantastic quality . First time buyer from Amazon . Only 9 days to deliver to the U.K. and E-Mails to show progress of the order . Well done Amazon.Colin
 fanki faki maki boy
 I love the movie . An excellent suspense/thriller the first time you see it . It 's a little hard to grasp at times , but you 'll get it after seeing it a few times . My advice is to buy this movie right here , right now , at amazon.com !!!
 Nothing is impossible ! But the movie was great and I kinda enjoy some part of the movie and I hope that they will make part 2 of mission impossible .
 The only reason this movie does n't get 5 stars is that it is a little hard to keep up with . The complicated plot takes so many twists I had to see it twice to follow them all . Otherwise smart , excellent fun !
 A great vision of the old versions , comes with a tom cruise , that hardly move the face but the act is very good .
 I had a VHS version before , but this one comes with some extra features . I am very satisfied .
 I have always loved this movie and wanted it for my collection . My feelings are the first movie made is always the best . I am very pleased with this movie every time I watch it .
 Its really a collectors edition . All the 1st part of the movie series are the best , like wise ...
 I have the standard DVD which was good but the HD DVD is super ; highly recommended.As for the movie , it is good but the main point is that it is one of those few movies which allows repeated watching without becoming boring.One of the reasons why it is so , is that it will make you go back to ` CIA break in ' and wonder how they did it ; being a SINGAPOREAN , I think they made it look too easy to infiltrate the CIA.Thanks
 Shot in Prague before it became synonymous with cheap labor and tax breaks for runaway productions , the initial signs were less than promising for Mission
 This film is a mixture of suspence/action and mystery . It can get a bit complicated so I really recommend a 2nd viewing to catch everything . Though this came out a while ago , the movie does n't feel dated . And the action scenes are just as great as they were when this film first came out . Especially the wire act . Really tense stuff . Tom Cruise really carries this film , he 's very spot on and engaging in this . Its a great role for him . All in all , a real solid film .
 Ethan Hunt -LRB- Tom Cruise -RRB- and his team go to Prague in an effort to stop someone from selling a list of all the American covert agents stationed in Eastern Europe . Unfortunately , the mission turns into an ambush with virtually the entire team getting killed . The brass figures that Hunt is a traitor who set up his team , so Ethan goes on the run to try and clear his name.The plot of this movie is somewhat convoluted , though perhaps that is reasonable for a film about espionage and counter-espionage . Things move along pretty quickly for the and there are no major lulls in the action . The characters have at least a little depth to them , but this is not a drama built on deep characterization either . The action sequences mostly work well and the highlight comes halfway through the movie when Ethan and crew break into CIA headquarters in what is easily the most memorable part of the film . Unfortunately , the big climax at the end involves a train scene that is so unbelievable -LRB- even by action movie standards -RRB- that it can only be described as laughable.The other flaw in this movie only counts if you have seen the original TV show or believe that the film should respect the source material in any way . By turning one of the original characters into a traitor , the producers betrayed everything that character ever stood for . The only thing the traitor had in common with the original is the name , so the film could have used the exact same script with a different character name to honor the old show but that would n't have had the same shock value . It 's a shame that they chose to spit on the show even as they traded on the name recognition to get people into the movie theaters.If this film is judged on its own merits , setting aside the television series , it 's a pretty good action movie . The ending was a farce , but the movie was solid up to that point with some scenes achieving true excellence . I would recommend it to those who never saw the original show or can set their knowledge of it aside and just take the movie for what it is .
 Mission Impossible is full of intrigue , espionage and amazing effects . The best in the MI series . A must to own .
 It was fun to watch this again after so long . Lots of violence though .
 Mission Impossible
 I do n't quite get the bad reviews for this film . Its one of my All-Time favorites , and sure , it takes brains to follow the storyline . Yeah ? So ? I think that you have become to accustomed to action movies with no stories , just people getting blown up . This movie centers around Ethan Hunt -LRB- Cruise -RRB- an IMF agent sent on a mission in Keiv . The mission goes wrong and its up to Ethan to figure out what happened . He soon finds himself trying to keep a IMF NOC list from getting into the wrong hands . But whose hands are those ? This movie does involve some thinking , and you may have to view it a few times to truly appreciate , but is n't that what a great movie does ? You pick up new things every time you view . The movie stars Tom Cruise , Ving Rhames , Jon Voigt in a great role and other well known actors and actresses .
 a reviewer below me called the storyline to this movie `` a jumbled mess '' . oh my , how wrong he is . although , i will admit ... i did not fully understand the storyline to this movie for TEN years . that does n't mean it was a jumbled mess , though . it only means that my feeble mind was n't able to comprehend the depth , detail and layers to it at first . so , TEN years later -LRB- 2006 -RRB- i watched it for what was probably the 20th odd time , and i FINALLY understood all of the twists and turns in the storyline and it all came together so beautifully . it was like poetry . it was one of those moments where you sit back and say to yourself `` how in the hell can someone write something so ingenious ? '' . so anyways , my point is
 Many of the special effects are classics in their genre , and seem somewhat cliched after being copied -LRB- or improved -RRB- by numerous other films . Tom Cruise was still a credible actor when he did MI-1 . Something weird happened to him on the way to the top , but when he did Mission Impossible 1 , it had n't occurred yet . The plot is typical cloak-and-dagger stuff , with a few twists , updated for the early computer age . The technical quality of the DVD is excellent , and the movie is very entertaining , even if you barely recall the storyline a week later . If you like action movies , you NEED this one !
 `` Oh , there 's no plot , '' they say . Then they obviously did n't watch the movie , and have no clue as to how the real spy world works . Sure , the plot may not involve the destruction of an entire city -LRB- `` Goldeneye '' -RRB- , but rather , the plot is much more clandestine , which makes for a better spy film anyway . Cruise , unlike the other people say , did a remarkable job acting , and had a good supporting cast . There is very good action and suspense . -LRB- Ok , the tunnel scene at the end is questionable on the reality scale , but it made for a good movie . -RRB- The music in the film is very fitting and suspenseful . `` Mission
 I 've owned this DVD for almost two years now . i probably watched this five or six times . Every time I watch this movie , I notice it again and again , how skillfuly pieces are put together . First of all , nothing that comes up on the screen is accident . That means , every little action or even just slight passing of an object gives the viewer a piece of information . Director De Palma did a superb job of implying what 's going to happen , without being too obvious . for example , in the beginning of the movie , you see a Russian couple walking around , drunk , out side of the embassy . Screen focuses on them just for two seconds . You would n't normally guess that they would have any connection with the storyline . Well , it later turns out that the couple was another IMF team working in a mole hunt mission . Another very subtle part is where Tom Cruise is obtaining the NOC list at the headquater of CIA , in Lanley . When Tom Cruise copies that list from the computer , while hanging on a rope from a ventilation , he takes out two blank writable CD 's . I mean why the hell would he want to take out two CD 's for . Well , little bit later in the movie , that small , subtle scene plays a role . Mission Impossible I has a lot of subtle scenes . Watch carefully , then things will make sense . All pieces fall into one great piece . As far as DVD is concerned , it has low video quality . But I think it worths spending money on DVD .
 With the sequel realeased at thre moment , this is a must be watched movie . If you like action movies with great effects and storline you will love this movie , Tom Cruise fits the role like a glove , if you like James Bond , secret agent movies as I do then I would say this is one of the best non-bond movies around . The story line invloves Tom Cruise as typical secret agent on a mission , suddenly the mission goes wrong and all his team get wiped out , Tom is accused of sabotaging the mission and needs to find out what really happend . This is an ideal opening to a superb mystery action film . If the sequel comes close to its predecessor then your in for another thrill ride . The DVD is superb , both formats and awsome dolby 5.1 sound , if you have seen the movie on video , buy the DVD to experience it as it was meant to watched .
 Mission-Impossible , the 1996 stylish thriller directed by Brian DePalma and starring Tom Cruise , is a fun and engaging movie that is a joy to watch . The movie clocking in at a very fast paced one hour and 50 minutes , features incredible stunts and some excellent supporting actors . The stars include Jean Reno , Jon Voight , Kristin Scott Thomas , Ving Rhames , and Vanessa Redgrave . This former summer blockbuster , the successful film that inspired to sequels , is well-worth revisiting . It is an enjoyable and complex romp that is very memorable . A four star thrill ride!Also check out : Mission - Impossible II -LRB- Two-Disc Special Collector 's Edition -RRB- Mission Impossible III -LRB- Widescreen Edition -RRB-
 This is most sertainly one of the best movies ever ! Such an atmosphere ! And the music !! * aaah * I love it . Ving Rhames is in it as well , and that 's always a plus !
 Lots of people -LRB- including some reviewers -RRB- do n't care for this film , but I must say I love it . I do n't really know why , but I just find it very intriguing . Hard to pick up the first time around is an understatement ; it probably took me 3 full viewings to understand everything completely . Personally I think the script and acting are great , and De Palma 's camera angles and direction add alot to the film . Only dissapointment
 It has been four years later since the first movie with the second movie now out in theaters . The first movie is available via DVD through Paramount and it is still overpriced compared to other DVD 's . I must admit that DVD buyers will spend a lot of money but this is one time where I just did n't buy it immediately because I 'm hooked on a DVD being a full package . This DVD is not . No extras at all . In fact , I should give this DVD an F for extra 's but it did have the trailer and although I usually do n't count trailers as extra 's , in this case I did because without it , it would be bare bones for a DVD.If you watched the movie , you either liked the old series or you liked the new movie with Tom Cruise . Personally , I do n't mind both and I enjoyed the movie , maybe not tremendously but I 'm still disappointed this DVD is lacking . I 'm sure that Paramount could of released an awesome DVD but they did n't . No deleted scenes ... nothing.This DVD was also not 16:9 enhanced but the video colors were very good . The thing is , I have to be truthful about this , I did n't hear so much from my 5.1 system in terms of great , outstanding sound . The sound is good but nothing in terms of hearing great sound ala `` The Fifth Element '' or `` Godzilla '' . In fact , the final scene , I was hoping to feel that blast all around me and I did n't . I do n't know , perhaps someone else may have experienced something different . The reviews I read talked about great sound , obviously I 'm missing it.The movie is good and yes , it 's on DVD , so of course , I 'm going to say get the DVD instead of the video but the thing is this DVD deserves a special edition re-release . Perhaps when the second movie is released on DVD , they will re-release this as a special edition and DVD fans will get what they want . Again , I 'm not dissing on the movie . The movie is very interesting and keeps you thinking and that action does keep you glued to the set . But to score the DVD as a whole , I 'm not dissing on the movie , I 'm dissing the DVD for having hardly anything .
 the movie was entertaining for an action flick but the DVD quality is pretty bad . Constant pixel crawl along edges was very distracting and the dialogue was behind the actors lips on numerous occasions .
 I saw `` Mission
 Yes , this is an excellent film . And although right now M : I-2 is heating up the theatres , I will say that the first film is superior to the second . No , it does n't have the amazing John Woo running the action , which I have to admit is better in 2 , but the overall package is better . Tom Cruise actually LOOKS like a spy/government agent ; he 's got the crew cut , he 's professional and not too flashy , unlike in the sequel where it 's difficult to take him seriously . There 's an actual plot , and an incredibly involving one at that . No , you ca n't just try to absorb the plot , you have to think about it . It 's not hard to follow if you just pay attention . The supporting cast is EXCELLENT , and they are actually used to good effect , unlike in M : I-2 where Ving Rhames and Anthony Hopkins are merely props to propel Cruise along his merry way . DePalma keeps the tension high almost the entire way through with very few lapses . And as a huge Bond fan , I will say that this movie surpasses many of the Bond films in spy entertainment . This movie will not disappoint , unless you want to sit in front of a screen and be spoon-fed the movie .
 This is one of the best movies with tom Crews a lot of action just the way we like our movies
 wanted to see the movie again it was good to see . the special effects do get better in the later movies
 Very exciting movie as this one layed the ground work for the next MI movies . Great buy and can hardly wait to view the next onew
 this is an awesome movie . tom cruise is at his best in this action packed thrill ride . i belive tom cruise was made to play the part of ethan hunt . this movie is full of wonders and it has you at the edge of your seat all the way through the film . this is a great film . if you have not seen this movie then i recommend you do
 One of my favorite Tom Cruise movies , the action in this film set the stage for future action movies . Steller performance by all the actors , this movie keeps you on the edge of your chair until the end .
 If you 're looking for the perfect ` brain-candy ' movie , this is it . A thrill-ride from start to finish , with Tom Cruise well-cast as Ethan , the key player on the MI team -LRB- aside from Jon Voight -RRB- . The cast is quite strong , and I only wish Reno had more lines -LRB- he 's a great actor -RRB- . No , there is very little logic and you have to suspend disbelief most of the time , but if you 're willing to accept everything on the screen as plausible -LRB- including the ridiculous finale on the train/helicopter -RRB- , you 're really in for a treat.My only major complaint is the female lead -LRB- Beart -RRB- -- she is the only case of miscasting here . Yes , she 's extremely attractive and an experienced actor , but her perpetual pout and vulnerability take away from the toughness and grit that the character ` should ' have . But I digress ... Regarding other DVD features , not much to speak of -- depending on the version you buy . The special collector 's edition contains some additional scenes and shorts , but nothing to really warrant a higher price.All-in-all , a great movie-going experience . Cruise at his cocky best .
 The first movie of the Tom Cruise trilogy is also the best , for one reason
 For some reason , I was a bit surprised to find Mr. De Palma involved in recreating a television series for the screen . Then , again , why not ? Many of us fondly remember Peter Graves receiving his assignment , which we know he will not refuse , though being offered that option . The team which then took over was pretty ingenious but had none of the technology which was to be invented by the mid-nineties . With the help of these devices available when the film was made , DePalma directed a tricky production in which the interrelationships among people are as important as those among hardware . The result is interesting . Jon Voight has the heft to play the senior team director while Tom Cruise seems a bit lightweight to be the team leader -LRB- though he emotes adequately -RRB- . Other members of the cast meet their specifications as good guys -LRB- of either sex -RRB- or villains sufficiently well to meet the limited demands put upon them.All in all , a good theatrical conversion of a television show more limited in time to rehearse and time to fill with action . Motivated me to get the two sequels which I have not yet seen .
 Brian De Palma 's Mission
 Despite the disc I received -LRB- with 2 scratches on the back -RRB- I think this is the best of the series that lauched Tom Cruise career -LRB- which had other sucesses -RRB- . I 'm a bit dissapointed about this Special Edition.No making off are in the disc only some featurettes focusing Tom Cruise and the story of Mission Impossible in the last 40 years since it 's first TV series.Just a few trailers and tears focusing mostly on MIF 3 . I really wanted to see the rolling of the film and how the stunts and FX were created -LRB- ILM , Blue screen shots and at -RRB- . Anyway a very entertaining film that will make u watch many times .
 `` Mission Impossible '' is one cool movie . It 's a movie forA . Those who like non stop actionB . A movie with a cool plot line -LRB- but be aware the plot can get kind of confusing , I had to watch through two or three times to completly get the whole plot . -RRB- C. Tom Cruise lovers , This is one the better Tom Cruise movies , and it 's also a good movie for those who like Ving Rhames , and Jon Voight , they both played great roles in this movie as well.This truly is a good movie , and for all the action in it , you will notice very little if any language , and no nudity or sexual refrences . So it 's a great action movie for adults and teenagers .
 Mission Impossible is one of my favorite movies . I have already watched it numerous times and will probably watch it again before too long . Some buffs of the TV show were n't too pleased with a certain defection , but without it the movie would n't have been half as cool.The basic story here is a winner . I wo n't give it away , but it made perfect sense . -LRB- Not a plot to take over the world or blow up a major city , etc. -RRB- The special effects were just a bonus to the script , although there were a couple incidents of being a little unrealistic . There have been much worst in past movies , so I do n't really hold it against Mission Impossible.The characters were well represented by their actors . Cruise may have overacted a touch but nobody seemed out of place in their role . Just like in the show of old , they were always cool under pressure and had the cool little gadgets to get the job done.When I heard there was a sequel in the works I knew it would not live up to the first . They should have let it be . It 's a rare occurance that a sequel can top an original , especially when the original is as good as this one .
 This is a picture that pitifully , promises much more than what it gives . At the end , when you sum , you feel something did n't fit , despite the frenetic narrative rhythm.Visually the film is stunning , plenty of action , but the script is extremely weak , the dominant presence of Cruise along the film , shadows the ominous presence of figures as Jon Voight , Scott Thomas , Jean Reno and Vanessa Redgrave who are pitifully wasted in insipid lines.To win in a thriller you have to think in the evilness of the characters too . It is not enough to shine with bit nails sequences . I mean ; there is a balance problem in the dramatic environment . And the presence of the enemy is so diminished that it is reduced to a simple cartoon.The final sequence crossed the line of the credibility to convert itself in a funny joke.That 's what it happens when you loss the dramatic equilibrium and the abuse of the special effects domains the balance .
 I 've seen the movie . And it was good . The first time I saw it , though , was what put the movie on the negative side of my thoughts . But ever since I got the DVD , I 'm all over it . I still wish that Paramount put on more extras on the DVD . All it has was a teaser trailer . -LRB- I like the teaser trailer -RRB-
 I 've viewed this classic over and over , and it continues to amaze me that Ethan Hunt never killed one person in this version , `` Zero body count '' nor did he ever fire a gun . Excellent scenery in the always BEAUTIFUL Europe . Excellent story , excellent excitement , excellent entertainment . Enjoy !
 One in an endless series of cinematic translations of famous TV shows , MISSION IMPOSSIBLE , based on the classic 1966-1973 series of the same name , is , however , one of the better ones , thanks to a fairly solid cast and the high-power direction of master filmmaker Brian DePalma -LRB- CARRIE ; SCARFACE -RRB- . Tom Cruise stars as Ethan Hunt , a member of the Impossible Mission Force -LRB- IMF -RRB- , an ultra-secret arm of the CIA that takes on the assignments that the CIA 's regular staff would n't touch with a bargepole . Their newest assignment is to catch a traitor in the illegal act of downloading a secret CIA Noc-List from the U.S. embassy in Prague . But when things go horribly wrong there , and Cruise is -LRB- seemingly -RRB- the only one left alive , he learns that the operation was in fact a molehunt designed to catch a turncoat inside the IMF 's midst . The result is a fast-paced , suspenseful rocket ride of a film with many brilliant set-pieces , all under DePalma 's concise direction and with a fine script by David Koepp -LRB- JURASSIC PARK -RRB- and Robert Towne -LRB- CHINATOWN -RRB- . Though , like many espionage-oriented films , it can be confusing on occasion , MISSION IMPOSSIBLE scores thanks to the sheer skill of the way the story is laid out for us . Jon Voight essays the role of Jim Phelps that Peter Graves had on TV , but the rest of the roles are all new -LRB- nobody from the series even has a cameo role -RRB- . However , despite the casting changes , some things remain the same , like the opening title sequence and Lalo Schifrin 's tense and taut theme music , adapted by Danny Elfman -LRB- EDWARD SCISSORHANDS , `` The Simpsons '' -RRB- . Cruise does a very good job under DePalma 's supervision , as does Voight ; and Henry Czerny , who had played the CIA heavy in CLEAR AND PRESENT DANGER , basically reprises that role in the guise of CIA director Gene Kittridge with unctuous exactness . The scene of Cruise downloading the NOC list from the IMF mainframe computer at CIA headquarters while suspended from the ceiling is one of the most tension-filled sequences in cinematic history , thanks to DePalma 's crafty decision to film it using only natural sounds ; and the final sequence in the Chunnel is just as hair-raising . With so many twists and turns , MISSION IMPOSSIBLE , despite some flaws , is never dull for a single moment . It is a great `` blockbuster '' film -- entertaining and well-crafted all at once , and vigorously recommended .
 5 Stars hmmmmm . Seems a high rating for a movie that generally has had a somewhat mediocre reception . I rated M.I. accordingly because it 's a movie I have revisited on quite a few occasions and have always thoroughly enjoyed it . Tom Cruise is a very talented actor , but it is the twisting story-line , exciting climatic action sequence and theft of the NOC list scene from the CIA that sends this movie into my 5 star rating category . The DVD version I have , has no special features , aside from a theatrical trailer . If I were rating this on the DVD itself then it would certainly rate very low . All in all , a favourite movie of mine , with action , suspense , espionage and a twist . Highly recommended .
 Brian DePalma 's big-screen adaptation of the long-running T.V show is flashy , action - filled and with a plot that 's extremely complicated but thankfully so , as it raises the film above standard fare . DePalma 's trend for wild camera moves , excellent action and a sharp screenplay from David Koepp -LRB- Jurassic Park -RRB- and a great performance from Tom Cruise -LRB- as spy Ethan Hunt -RRB- all combine to create one wild , exciting ride , with some unexpected twists to keep the audience guessing.This , in what would be DePalma 's last good film of late -LRB- Snake Eyes and Mission to Mars were way below par -RRB- is an exciting adrenalin-pumping action fest with the smooth Cruiser making the coolest spy since Sean Connery in Dr NO . Also along for the ride are Jon Voight as Hunt 's boss , Jean Reno and Ving Rhames as the disavowed agents and Vanessa Redgrave . Cool action , a great story , and a flashy look from the man who gave us the excellent `` The Untouchables '' . One of the greatest action films ever made . And then some .
 We 've seen James Bond , the Man from Uncle but Mission Impossible is the only spy film that shows how to create a real world of espionage and action.Based on the successful 1960 's series , it starts off with the impossible missions force -LRB- a group of specially qualified agents -RRB- doing a simple job of catching a traitor , who is stealing secret files of every undercover agents real identity . The team is wiped out except for Tom Cruise who becomes the number one suspect for their deaths . Using all his skills he has to prove his innocence , find the real culprit and keep one step ahead of the authorities.The set pieces are truely dazzling , the finale on the Channel Train tunnel is absoloutly stunning and the possibly one of THE best action sequences in cinematic history.The story never slows down for a second and although at first viewing a little confusing its still gripping stuff.The supporting cast is fantastic from Jon Voight to Vanessa Redgrave it 's very hard to criticise a film so well-thought out.The best action-orientated espionage film since You Only Live Twice . Shame De Palma would ` nt stay for the sequel.The DVD extras are few but who cares when you 've got a film this good !!!!!!
 Some people thought that this movie was confusing , and like any good Mission Impossible it is a bit mis-leading . Unlike the sequel MI :2 , Mission Impossible is a very thickened plot with many twists that leave you thinking ; what is going to happen next?Tom Cruise plays Ethan Hunt , a point man for the US 's version of the British special services -LRB- 007 's group -RRB- , called IMF . When a mission goes bad , Hunt -LRB- Cruise -RRB- is the only one left from his IMF team that is stays alive . Hunt later finds out that the entire operation was a plot to uncover an IMF leak.In a desperate attempt to prove his innocence Hunt recruits disavowed agents to help him . Mission Impossible is a great suspense and you never know until the very end what exactly is going to happen .
 This movie stars Tom Cruise as Ethan Hunt who 's Covert Team have all been assassinated . . And everyone thinks he 's done it . . So he 's on the run and trying to find the real killer . . This movie has great special effects and gadgets that u would only dream of . .
 This DVD is really great . That 's just about all there is too it . You can choose to watch the widescreen or standard versions of the movie , and both show up beautifully . There 's not much more to say . Sound is awesome , video quality is awesome - and the Mission is Impossible ! Get this DVD if you liked the VHS version , or if you wan na try it , or if - if ANYTHING !!
 The movie is definetly a five star movie ! It was awesome action and lots of spy work .
 overall i really enjoy this film . i went in thinking this was going to be just another run of the mill action film . i was pleasantly surprised . sure the movie has some faults and a couple of plot twist were not that great . but overall i enjoyed it . i thought there was some very clever ideas in this film and the low body count was unusual for a action film . the effects are quite good and the sound not bad . the dvd could have used some extras . but many dvd 's released by this company have next to nothing on them . definitly worth a watch .
 It 's strange , but most reviews tend to compare this movie to the TV-series . This is n't wrong , however , since it 's based on the TV-series , but you ca n't really judge this movie by comparing it to the series . Some reviews are simply about hardcore MI-fans who give it one star because they believe this movie is n't like the series one bit , and some work the other way around . Five stars because they believe it 's exactly like the series . Give it a rest people!This movie has the excitement and the thrills every good action movie should have , but very few reach this level . Sadly , I might add . The movie builds towards the ending , and then it peaks , and boy does it peak ! My hair starts to crawl when the Mission
 This is the best action movie ever and it has great actors and it has great acting and special effects . It has a great plot that keeps you on the edge of your seat ! I hope Mission Impossible 2 is as good .
 woodchucks rul
 When I first heard that Brian dePalma had to direct a movie produced by Tom Cruise , I was a little bit astonished and when it appeared that the project was MISSION IMPOSSIBLE , I really expected the worse . How a personality like dePalma would cope with those virtual chains ? As always with dePalma movies , the critics were divided ; the scale was zero to ten . I think that we should see this movie by always having in mind that the director did n't have the liberty he used to have in his precedent movies . So , let 's search Brian in this blockbuster . Tom Cruise receives , in the first minutes of the movie , a few red and blue chewing gums whose function is to help him to open rebellious key-holes . Cruise uses those tablets twice in MISSION IMPOSSIBLE . To open doors ? Not at all , he uses them to destroy glasses , mirrors . How curious is n't it ? And you begin to realize there is very much glass in MISSION IMPOSSIBLE
 For those of you out there who read the reviews that said it did n't have much or a plot or was poorly written , do n't believe them . This movie is very well written and has a very good , yet , clandestine , plot . Do n't believe that is unrealistic , either . The only part that might fringe on the `` unrealistic '' side is at then end , and even that is pretty close to realism . All in all , a fantastic film . Good acting , good plot , good action , and highly entertaining . I recommend it to anyone .
 The match is lit . Tom Cruise , Jon Voight , Emanuelle Beart , Ving Rhames , Jean Reno , and Henry Czerny star in a suspenseful film from Paramount Pictures and director Brian De Palma . It all starts when super agent Ethan Hunt 's -LRB- Cruise -RRB- I.M.F. team is dramatically killed in a mission in Prague . When he discovers he was framed , he dives into a whole new level of action with a new I.M.F. team , with Luther -LRB- Rhames -RRB- and an Italian -LRB- Reno -RRB- . Then he finds out in the center of it all is his former boss of his illflated original team , Jim Phelps -LRB- Voight -RRB- . Fleeing from government agents and C.I.A. assassins , Hunt springs into action in an attempt to stop his former friend and now evil nemesis Phelps . Suspenseful and well-done . Produced by star Tom Cruise himself along with Paula Wagner . This hit produced a sequel , Mission
 In the style of my favorite DVD site , IGN.com , I 'm going to review this movie based on four areas
 Sleek , stylish and bathed in rich hues , the movie based on the popular TV series far surpasses it 's predecessor . Helmed by Brian DePalm , whose resume is a monument of inconsistentcy ranging from the great -LRB- Blow Out -RRB- to the not-so-great , he 's the definative hit-or-miss director . And this one he knocks out of the park . Tom Cruise takes on the leading role of Ethan Hunt -LRB- adding to his credibility as more than a pretty face -RRB- and does a convincing job with a role that in less suitable hands could be viewed as one dimensional . Things get rolling early and often as the team of C.I.A. agents prepare an elaporate sting of a computer pirate looking to cash in by selling a list of undercover agents to the highest bidder . Before long the plan falls apart and Ethan finds himself the only surviving member of his team and in turn is suspected of killing the others . Though the plot is more intricate than it seems , do n't be fooled -LRB- after all this is a popcorn movie -RRB- . All in all it 's a rip-roaring adventure with assets that far outweigh it 's faults .
 DePalma directing Tom Cruise , the biggest actor in Hollywood , in a Summer blockbuster . You would n't have believed it could happen . Well , it did , and Mission
 Because the movie did n't feel like the show is irrelevant . In case some have forgotten , we 're in the 1990 's . I will admit that I had to watch it twice to get the story right , but that does n't take away from the movie 's intrigue . I bet most people who watched this movie never saw the show . Good . Mission Impossible 2 is in the works and I ca n't wait .
 Like `` The Untouchables '' -LRB- another film from a classic tv show that DePalma made for Paramount -RRB- , producers Tom Cruise and Paula Wagner hired Brian DePalma to direct this espionage/action/summer popcorn fest for Paramount , and once he did , it became a ` Brian DePalma film ' , filled with lots of psychological profiles , deceptive characters , and a whole host of other mind blowing craftmanship that only he can deliver . Working from a script by Robert Townshend -LRB- `` Chinatown '' -RRB- and David Koep -LRB- who worked with DePalma on `` Carlito 's Way '' and `` Snake Eyes '' -RRB- , DePalma delivered a tour-de-force of psychological/action/espionage that is just as mind blowing today as it was when it was released to great acclaim 11 years ago . Yes , still a classic , if not more so , after all these years ! His trademark touches are throughout the entire film , swirling camera work , altered camera angles , slpit screen , split dioptor , et al. . I have n't seen a film in this genre of such magnitutde since Hitchcock 's `` Topaz '' ! And , even though Cruise was a producer of the film , he and DePalma butted heads over budget -LRB- Cruise was concerned about going over , and DePalma said `` F**k it , who cares ! '' -RRB- , and it 's obvious Paramount knew who to listen to about that matter -LRB- plus , we ALL know what an egotistical/arrogant/ignorant a ** hole Cruise is anyways -RRB- , letting DePalma make the film HIS and not Cruise 's . My mission here , dare I accept it , is to explain the very simple plot of this film -LRB- way TOO many people have declared and/or criticized the plot being too convuloted -RRB- because a LOT of people -LRB- for God knows what reason -RRB- just did n't understand it . No offense!The film opens with a typical DePalma ` bait and switch ' scene -LRB- where you see one thing , but it turns out to be something entirely different than what you expected it to be -RRB- , where we are introduced to the first team of spy agents , led by Ethan Hunt -LRB- who we all know by now was played by Tom Cruise -RRB- . They return to base headquarters , and their boss Mr. Phelps -LRB- Jon Voight in a superb performance -RRB- returns from vacation and sends them on a new mission on a mole hunt to recover a stolen NOC list , a list of spies ' names that matches another disc with their code names , and this list of names CAN NOT get out in the open . Emilio Estevez turns in a wonderful uncredited performance as Jack , one of the team members -LRB- he did it just for the opportunity to work with DePalma -RRB- who is first to meet with a sinister fate when this mission goes horribly/horrorfyingly wrong . The rest of the team is killed , Mr. Phelps is shot , so Ethan is the lone survivor , making him the lead suspect as the mole . He is then disavowed as an agent.Enter Kittridge -LRB- Henry Czerny -RRB- , the head of the whole operation , who is now on the trail of Ethan with -LRB- almost -RRB- a vengeance , so Ethan goes into hiding . That 's when Ethan discovers the trail of ` JOB ' and Max , and proceeds by internet to meet with Max -LRB- the awesome Vanessa Redgrave in one of her best roles ever -RRB- . Claire -LRB- Emmanuelle Beart -RRB- , one of the previous team members , and Mr. Phelps ' wife -LRB- and thought dead -RRB- finds Ethan and lets him know that she is alive after all , leading Ethan to be suspicious of her , even as they rebuild a new team of spies -LRB- Jean Reno and Ving Rhames , who worked with DePalma in `` Casualties Of War '' -RRB- from a list of other disavowed agents.Then , out of the blue Mr. Phelps returns in a pivotal scene that DePalma plays for all it 's worth , with Jim -LRB- Phelps -RRB- telling Ethan his version of the failed mission , him getting shot , and how he survived , all the while Ethan is having flashbacks of how it REALLY happened -LRB- very reminiscent of Hitchcock 's classics `` Stagefright '' which opened with a ` false flashback ' , and `` I Confess '' , which featured pivotal flashbacks that revealed more than what was being told -RRB- , letting the viewer in on who REALLY set up Ethan 's team for the assasination.Ethan and team break into Langley in one of the most memorable exhilerating/breathtaking scenes in cinema history to steal the real NOC list so it can be delivered to Max in return for Job . This leads to one of the most awesome set pieces in espionage/action movie history , setting the most climatic scene of all -LRB- the film is full of them ! -RRB- on a train moving at high speed . Ethan saves the NOC list from getting into the open , exposes Job for who he really is , and he and his team are re-avowed back into the spy business . See , simple plot!DePalma employs a very old technique
 Mission
 the original and the best one in the series . Jean Reno is one of the bad guys in the movie . this is full action pact from start to finish . a great film .
 I am a fan of the Cruise-MI franchise . The first one is the best for me . This is as far as depth of relationships go . It is action and thrilling , but does n't rely exclusively on fancy effects -LRB- which do n't look that fancy anymore :--RRB- -RRB- but still are fun to see . I love the Prague set and this film is what first put Prague on my list of places to visit -LRB- I have since had the pleasure -RRB- . Obviously , it 's not epic , but in this category of film , I think it 's great and have enjoyed MI :1 about a dozen or more times over the years .
 I do n't know why I like this film as much as I do . Looking over the reviews here and seeing a lot of the rather mediocre reception , and lauding of such scenes as the CIA breakin and Chunnel chase as the best in the film and ` reasons for buying ' , I wonder , what IS it I 'm so fascinated by ? Because for sure , even though the aforementioned sequences are definitely ranking high on a cool-level , they 're not my favorites by far . They 're not close to why I like the movie.So WHY ? Let me examine . Ethan Hunt - he 's not the flashy , trigger-happy action hero that ` gets the girl ' in so many modern blockbusters . In fact , the guy only picks up a gun once in the entire movie , and does n't even fire it . -LRB- Too bad this all went down the drain in M : I-2 , a sequel which felt like a parody of this . -RRB- The top of his class in the IMF - Impossible Mission Force - Ethan likes to be quick and effective . He does n't like needless killing . As a plus , he resists his love interest , Claire , because he respects her marriage to his boss -LRB- Jim Phelps -RRB- ... is this unheard-of ? The movie is free of any sex . -LRB- ! -RRB- As a result of all these traits , and the complete gut-wrenching mess Ethan is put in for the duration of the film , he ends up as quite a likeable character . And that 's the heart of it.The plot - I hear over and over about how it 's ` so confusing ' , but it 's not . You only need to be an attentive viewer . This movie was n't made for people with short attention spans seeking a few thrills and wowzer action effects . It requires you to PARTICIPATE ... what a concept ! - and one I greatly appreciate . Every piece of the story unfolds perfectly onscreen , but if you 're being lax , you 'll miss it . It 's almost as if you 're going on a detective mission WITH Ethan , and you 're just as surprised as him when things start clicking.So what are my favorite parts of the film ? The vault infiltration and Chunnel ending sequence get so much recognition that I sometimes wonder ... am I simply nuts for absolutely loving the way Ethan 's final chat with Phelps goes ? ` It was Kittridge , ' Phelps says , trying to sound convincing -LRB- and he will to the nonattentive viewer -RRB- ... but Ethan knows better , and it shows as he replays all the events of the Prague mission out in his mind . And it 's no fun either , because Phelps is his boss and friend . Then he asks the encrypted question ... ` Why , Jim , why ? ' Assumed to be ` Why would Kittridge do it ' , it 's really ` Why would YOU do it ? ` It 's stuff like this that makes the movie work on a personal level for me , and I have no idea exactly how it pulls off . I 've heard over and over the ` all style no substance ' criticism plastered on and it just goes right over my head . But oh well . I 'll enjoy my Mission
 Scientific study shows that people who are stupid are too stupid to know they are stupid .
 Tom Cruise stars as Ethan Hunt , a member of an elite espionage team headed by Jim Phelps -LRB- Jon Voight -RRB- . What was thought to be a routine survellance assignment goes all wrong and leaves Ethan framed for the death of his team . Desperate to uncover the truth and find the mole he goes on the run . But will Ethan want to believe the truth when he discovers it?This is a clever movie that has it all , plenty of suspence action and a great plot . This is by far superior to the sequel . The director Brian De Palma is a genious and shows it with breathtaking shot after shot . The supporting cast is perfect including Jean Reno and Ving Rhames . This is a movie I can watch over and over . I highly recommended . The film is presented in wide and full screen , DD 5.1 and has a theatrical trailer .
 I 've heard from so many people that the main problem with `` Mission Impossible '' is its plot , that it 's `` impossible '' to inderstand , when in fact it is very easy to understand . In short , Tom Cruise is trying to clear his name by finding the real traitor of the team . Redgrave knows who that person is and promises to tell Cruise , but in return , he must get her the noc file , that 's what that whole `` acrobat '' seen is about . They plan to meet on the train , and the rest is history . Okay now ?
 This is one of my very favorite movies , and it 's a toss-up whether I like this one or Ghost Protocol best in the series . Tom Cruise is wonderful , and the rest of the cast are also brilliant . The plot is very complex , and I 'd say it 's a pretty unique story . The action sequences and stunts are phenomenal , as always ! Highly recommended .
 Okay , If you have n't seen the latest mission possible series , your way behind.Great remake of the classic , good for the family.Great Action , Gadgets , Mind Games.See this movie .
 Great action , awesome plot . I really enjoyed the twists and turns . The cast was well chosen . Love streaming from amazon !
 Pros : * Some of the most memorably heart-stopping scenes you will ever see in your life . * Star-studded movie -LRB- and the stars give you your money 's worth of brilliant performances -RRB- . * Ving Rhames is one of the coolest actors around -LRB- if not THE -RRB- , and he 's here ! * John Reno is always creepy and scary . * The movie of Tom Cruise 's career , plain and simple . * VERY cool gadgets , tricks and plans . * John Voight!Cons : * THE most complicated and confusing plot you could possibly see.I 've seen the movie about 5 times , and still have n't figure it out completely.Nevertheless , the movie rocked so , so , SO hard !
 4-1/2 stars for 1998 's Mission Impossible . I 'm not a particular fan of Tom Cruise or action movies , but I do love a good thriller . MI fit the bill perfectly . You must watch MI with careful attention to really savor all it has to offer.Unlike too many action films , MI has a solid script , a smart plot that fits together like a well-made puzzle , gorgeous location photography , dry humor , not a dull moment , and even some top-drawer acting in Jon Voight and a scrumptious -LRB- the only word I can think of that quite captures it -RRB- turn by Vanessa Redgrave . The two show-stopping action set pieces still thrill 14 years after the release date . MI makes a terrific movie night . The only reason I docked a half-star is I figured out the plot twist early on . My family liked it so much we watched it twice in two nights , and picked up more clever plot details during the second viewing.Parent note
 De Palma with M1 was given a very ordinary screenplay and applied masterful visual planning to a so-so script . No one assembles shots and moves the camera better then De Palma . The premise to M1 is n't convincing . Of the dead IMF agents at the Prague embassy recovered would have been Jack , Sarah and Hanna . Obviously the audience knows Ethan is not the mole . The only 2 unaccounted agents would be Jim and Claire . The CIA would have had a team trying to recover the missing bodies and another team trying to find the missing agents . The CIA would not have implicated Ethan that quickly without Jim and Claire 's dead bodies on a morgue slab . The CIA does n't work that way . When the big scene came as to who the traitor was it became extremely anti-climatic . Turning Phelps into a post-cold war murderer and villian is paying disgusting disrespect to fans of the vintage tv show !!! The film also needed another huge action set-piece . The scene where Ethan had the black hood removed was building to a huge clinical gun battle and when nothing happened something was badly missing . There should have been a shoot-out at that point leading into a hi-tech , hi-octane car chase sequence !! Still I 'll give this film 4 stars because of De Palma 's masterful visual planning .
 Finally the version we have been waiting for . All the DVD versions were really poor transfers . There is much to be said about the screwy screen version of super TV series.However my focus is mainly on the quality of the Blu Ray transfer which is quite good . The picture is crisp and sound is excellent . Some cool special features , wish they had the music video for the film . Overall a good buy if you want to see how Blu Ray works on old movies .
 I was amazed how quickly my DVD came and in such great condition . I highly would recommend going Amazon.Com .
 It keeps you guessing and figuring it out as you go . Just the type of mystery I like ! You ca n't go wrong with this Mission Impossible .
 Less an homage to the classic show , `` Mission
 Brian De Palma 's -LRB- Carrie ; Scarface ; The Untouchables -RRB- 1996 action film starring Tom Cruise and Jon Voight is a pretty good action film . Well , once you suspend all belief . But that is what this movie is about . Putting real life on hold and believing in the impossible , the fantastic . Cruise , an excellent dramatic actor , does a great job crossing over into an action star -- even with the bad haircut . Lots of cool gadgets and interesting scenarios and that great Mission
 This is a great movie through and through . I watched this one in the cinema , then again on DVD not long ago , and let me tell you , i thought i was back in that cinema all over again , the sound quality is great , and the picture is crisp , and the movie itself is mindblowing . Speaking of the actuall movie , it is a fast paced , thought inducing , twisted , tale of a traitor , and a hero , your classic theme when it come to the Mission Impossible series , but thats just the ticket to this adventure . I even believe this to be better that M : I2 which has just hit cinemas , buy it today .
 Tom Cruise is the super-spy of almost impossible glamour and agility in Brian DePalma 's bravura tapestry of international intrigue and false starts . Yes , this movie is a true labyrinth of twisting dead ends/suspense , and it requires you to think a little , double-guessing your own guesses along with the many twists provided by the plot . DePalma is in his Untouchables mode here ; the set pieces and action sequences have that dense , spellbinding beauty that draws you in . The sequence involving Cruise suspended by a single cord is nail-biting and cool , cool , cool . The international locations are gorgeously utilized , as are the chew-the-scenery acting skills of Jon Voight . Way cooler , by the way , than the over-the-top Woo gun-fest , which is stunningly shot , but empty-headed . Smart , stylish , sophisticated . Plus , Tom
 This is a great action movie . It is a well written script that keeps you intrigued . Tom Cruise and the gang does a good job on acting . But perhaps most importantly , the action scenes are easy to understand and exciting . The whole movie fits together very well .
 Mission Impossible has to be the best Action film of the nineties . For people who like intelligent plots , intrigue , great action , and style . After 007 has n't made a good film since Licence To Kill , this film took the throne as the spy movie to beat this decade . Highlights are the bungee scene in C.I.A. Headquarters , the recreation of events in Ethan Hunts head , and the helicopter/train scene . This ranks up there with great action/espionage movies like From Russia With Love , For Your Eyes Only , and Ronin .
 I thought this movie was confusing the first time that I saw it . Then I watched it again , and everything made sence . You ca n't just watch it once and judge it . Other people siad that this movie was terrible . I thought it was a great thriller . After I watched it a second time , all the pieces fit the puzzle . I would recommend a look at this one .
 Awesome movie ! One of the best I have seen . Although it does get alittle old after , like , the 5th time you 've seen it , it is still worth getting .
 The video of the DVD version is absolutely beautiful , especially through component outputs , and the Dolby 5.1 sound is awesome . But the video and audio , particulary dialogue , were sometimes jarringly out-of-sync . I 've seen the VHS version several times and never noticed this problem , so it 's apparently unique to the DVD version . Unfortunately , it 's a critical flaw in an otherwise perfect DVD .
 We received Mission Impossible Blu-ray edition in a timely manner and in perfect condition . Was new and had never been used and works like a charm . No complaints .
 excellent transactionthank youwill buy from againreceived in a timely mannerlook forward to doing business with in the future
 This is a high-tech spy movie that is very good . Cruise puts in one of his best performances and the other actors perform excellently . There is enough variety to keep some suspense going . There is certainly enough action , without having to resort to blow up everything in sight -LRB- like some other `` summer '' blockbusters -RRB- . The transfer to DVD is excellent and the other sound and editing are very good .
 Twists and turns comprise the movement of this film . Action , suspense , intregue and intensity make the movie go by fast . Could Cruise be planning a series like the James Bond series ? Certainly the Mission Impossible theme lends itself to a sequel . First rate film . A +
 Heart stopping action the whole way thru it kept me on the edge of my seat .
 Brian De Palma and Tome Cruise is a pretty good formula for a successful film . If you throw in the fact that it 's a clasic TV show with Oscar caliber writers then you have a sure fire hit . Mission Impossible is that and is one of the better spy movies to have come out in recent years.Ethan Hunt -LRB- Cruise -RRB- is an IMF agent . He 's good at what he does and likes it . He 's on a mission in Prague led by his mentor and friend Jim Phelps -LRB- Voight -RRB- . The mission goes all wrong and the whole team is murdered except for Ethan . He escapes death and goes to the CIA for help in Kittridge -LRB- Czerny -RRB- . Kittridge quickly informs Ethan on how the misson was a whole set up to see who the mole in IMF was . Ethan takes the blame and is disenbowed . He is now on the run trying to find out who framed him and to see if he can stop them in time.Tom Cruise is a perfect fit for Ethan Hunt . I 've seen a little bit of the classic spy show and Cruise is the man . I ca n't picture anybody else playing the character . This is a fun character for Cruise in what I feel is one of his more fun movies . He gets caught up in dramas and people really forget what kind of action star this guy is . You have to love a leading man that does his own stunts and Cruise work is incredible . The bullet trains sequence is awesome . The instant classic though is what he does in the vault supended from the rope on the pulley system . He had a lot of faith in this movie and the character and even helped produce the movie . Very few people in Hollywood get involved with a movie like Cruise and he is all over this one.This is a fun movie . This is what I wish `` License to Kill '' would have been like . It 's fun and pretty unpredictable , though they do give you some none obvious clues to who the killer might really be . I knew all along but still enjoyed it . If you love Cruise you have to pick this one up . If you like spy movies you 'll also get a kick out of it . This is a fun movie the whole family can enjoy , and you really wo n't want to miss this one .
 First , there are many things in this movie that make little sense . BUT it all comes together at the end . People who say this movie has no plot , and when I say this I 'm serious , can not have a very high IQ level . This movie , unlike its sequel , requires a sophisticated audience to watch it . What I 'm saying is that you ca n't be stupid and understand the brilliance of this film.Ever since the beginning of the show , it has always required smart people to watch it . It 's a mystery , mysteries do n't make much sense until everything is figured out . The movie itself is actually quite simple : Ethan Hunt is working for the IMF . After one of his missions goes bad and everyone is killed but him , the IMF suspects he is the mole they 've been hunting for two years . Ethan , being innocent , runs and hides from the IMF . He goes through difficult tasks such as breaking into CIA headquarters at Langley , making negotiations with arms dealers , and avoiding the law . In the end , Ethan finds that the mole is none other than his old boss , who had faked his death to frame Ethan.Overall , I give this film four stars . It did n't quite reach five , a few lines did n't clearer make sense or agree with each other .
 woodchucks do pretty much rule , dude
 Brian De Palma 's MISSION
 Forget that the sequels squandered true plot elements for generic action sequences -LRB- delightful as they may have been -RRB- . Forget that the reinvention of classic TV spy shows in modern cinema has been worked to death over the past decade . Forget that Tom Cruise has flown off the deep end and can not resurrect even a marginal amount of his preexisting talent to save his latest Box Office bombs.Forget all of that because De Palma 's 1996 underrated gem of a thriller is a borderline masterpiece.I want to lament for a moment at the tendency some viewers have of writing off this film or complaining that it does n't make sense or makes them ` think too hard ' . Maybe the frivolous complaints caused the producers to reconstruct the sequels to be more ` simple minded ' than this in-depth original . I do n't mean that to be rude or accusatory , and I understand that everyone has personal taste , but I ask you this
 Despite the fact I got `` lost '' several times on the first two viewings , the film was so intriguining I had to keep viewing . It was fun to watch , regardless . After three viewings I finally figured it out ! The point is
 My mission here , dare I accept it , is to explain the very simple plot of this film -LRB- way TOO many people have declared and/or criticized the plot being too convoluted -RRB- because a LOT of people -LRB- for God knows what reason -RRB- just did n't understand it . Yes , believe it or not , but a lot of critics -LRB- professional and on here -RRB- have cited the VERY simple plot of this film TOO complicated and/or convoluted . I have even heard it referred to as `` Mission Plot
 By the mid 1990 's Tom Cruise became the biggest box office star of his time . In 1996 he starred in the theatrical revival of the 1960 's and early 1970 's CBS TV series `` Mission : Impossible '' playing good-looking Ethan Hunt , an undercover spy working for the CIA . Many ardent `` Mission : Impossible '' TV show fans regard the filmed versions as stand alone stories as the only similarity between the series and films are the title and jazzy theme music . In the first outing Ethan is accused of killing his team of co-horts and it 's entirely up to him to find the culprit who framed him . `` Mission : Impossible '' was produced on an amazing $ 80,000,000 budget and it shows
 Ethan Hunt is a secret agent framed for the deaths of his espionage team . Fleeing from government assassins , breaking into the CIA 's most impenetrable vault , clinging to the roof of a speeding bullet train , Hunt races like a burning fuse to stay one step ahead of his pursuers and draw one step closer to discovering the shocking truth . `` Mission Impossible '' is a visual and cerebral treat . Tom Cruise is excellent as Ethan , Vanessa Redgrave makes a superb villian . Sure it 's not the T.V. series , but if you enjoy plots that put your wit to test , then Mission Impossible I is the right movie for you . II and III are also good .
 The Mission
 This movie is great ! The action scenes were filled with action , but were also very clever . The infiltrations were well thought out and daring . We get to see all the `` tricks of the trade '' for a mission impossible team that we love in spy movies . The story twists and turns to the very end , I will admit I was surprised a couple of times and that is not very common at all . Overall , this was a great movie .
 I was one of the people -LRB- it seems the minority -RRB- who understood the plot for this movie , and it was excellent . I was a big fan of the original series , and I expected a lot . Well-done , unlike # 2 which suffered from incoherence and a lack of intelligence , not to mention tremendous overstylizing . You will have to watch this brilliant thriller at least three times so as to get all of the plot twists down . The story is about a team of coverts deep inside the bowels of the CIA that can bring down any dictator , recover any object , and even assume the identities of celebrities and schmooze . Jon Voight takes the role of Jim Phelps , the only character returning from the TV series . Tom Cruise is an everyman , but he is most similar to the Martin Laudau character . Emilio Estevez is a techno-geek with creativity to spare , much like Greg Morris ' character . Both the women try to take over Barbara Bain 's mixture of sensuality and intelligence , and although Hannah appears little , Claire nearly steals the film . What happens is a plot to expose a spy and protect agents fails . All of the agents on Ethan Hunt 's team are seemingly dead . Who is behind it , and why ? The answer to who the traitor is lies with the enigmatic Max , who Ethan must entrap to clear his name . Throughout the movie there is some fascinating posturing as first Claire , then Jim are found alive , and all three must piece together what happened and expose the traitor . Several memorable scenes
 I often wish that Hollywood would make more movies that require an IQ above the third grade . The success of this movie , and many like it , exactly proves this point . There were parts that got a little bit confusing , but for the most part it was easy enough to follow.The action in this movie is pretty awesome . This movie , despite the `` smartness '' , remains an action movie first and foremost . So any action buff should be checking this movie out without a doubt .
 `` Mission Impossible '' is probably one of the best spy films I 've seen in a long time ! Different from James Bond 007 movies , `` Mission Impossible '' has a clever plot , lots of twists and turns , edge-of-your seat suspense , some parts where there is witty humor , and action which would satisfy any movie lover!Ethan Hunt -LRB- Tom Cruise -RRB- is sent on a mission with other IMF agents Jim Phelps -LRB- John Voight -RRB- , his wife Claire Phelps -LRB- Emmanuelle Beart -RRB- , Sarah Davies -LRB- Kristin Scott Thomas -RRB- , Jack Harmen -LRB- Emilio Estevez -RRB- , and Hannah Williams -LRB- Ingeborga Dapkunaite -RRB- . It 's a fairly simple job in Prague , their mission is to keep surveillance on the top-secret NOC list . But everything goes wrong as the list in stolen and one by one , all of the agents are killed , leaving only Ethan alive . He then learns that the list that was stolen was actually fake , and that the whole thing was a set-up to capture a ` mole ' . And since Ethan was the only one left alive , he is now the prime suspect for being the traitor . Now disavowed with a man-hunt going on for him , Ethan must find out who the real culprit is and to do that , he plans on stealing the real NOC list to bait him ! With help from Claire who had not really been killed and two other disavowed agents Luther Stickell -LRB- Ving Rhames -RRB- and Franz Krieger -LRB- Jean Reno -RRB- , they now have a ` mission impossible ' , to catch the traitor!This is certainly a 5 star movie since it has what I think all the ingredients that are needed in a good action movie
 Brian De Palma 's excessive cinematic style actually suited the larger-than-life nature of the show quite well . Aside from his inexplicable addiction to the I-camera , one of the most distracting and overrated camera techniques around , his visualization of Mission
 `` I understand your very upset . '' `` Kittridge , you 've never seen me very upset . '' `` All right Hunt . Enough is enough . You have bribed , cajoled , & killed & you have done it using loyalties on the inside . You want to shake hands with the devil , thats fine with me . I just want to make sure that you do it in hell . '' - IMF Director , Eugene Kittridge informs former team pointman Ethan Hunt he 's no angel in `` Mission
 Mission Impossible is the type of movie that can entertain you even if it does n't make much sense . It bugs me that they made it a total `` look at me I 'm Tom Cruise '' movie though . I mean the tv series was about agents working together and the movies turnt Jim who was the main guy in the series into a bad guy . With the whole team getting wiped out like not even 20 minutes into the movie . Hell I 'm not even sure if there was an Ethan Hunt in the original series.In the beginning it 's nice seeing Emilio Estevez getting a part as one of the team members . He 's entertaining and then he gets crushed on top of an elivator . Even the talented Kristin Scott Thomas is killed off in the beginning . With Ethan 's team dieing he becomes the prime suspect and has to clear his name . I think that works and this is n't a bad movie even if it does n't make sense . Still though Tom Cruise is such a pure ego actor . He produces the movie so of course the whole movie has to be his.He has them hack up the original show story and center everything around just one character ... that he just happens to play . I always liked the 2nd film too but that 's even more of a `` look at me I 'm Tom Cruise film '' . Look at Tom on a motorcycle with cool sunglases on , look at Tom do spin kicks , look at Tom think he 's James Bond as he chases a hot girl in her car , look at Tom climb a mountain '' , well you get the point lol . I 'm looking forward to the 3rd film but I still wonder what the movies would be like if they were more about teams working together and not just one super agent that likes to show off his teeth every 30 seconds with big stupid grins.What I do like about this original film is Danny Elfman 's excellent score which is faithful to the series . Brian De Palma 's direction since he trys to be faithful to the series by making us think instead of just throwing mindless action at us like John Woo does in the sequel . I also absolutely love the train scene at the end , probably mostly due to Danny Elfman 's score . It 's also a fun action scene . De Palma gives us a confusing story that leads to one fun and wild action scene . John Woo 's sequel is just a goofy and sorta fun mindless stunt show of a film and that 's why I like that one . This film is the complete oppostite , it has a brain and it 's brain is way too big for human life to understand . It was probably written by an advanced life form .
 ... and I 've seen a lot of them.What is so great about this film - beyond the acting - is how complex and multi-layered the story is . You have to see it multiple times to get everything , such as Cruise 's realization while looking in the Gideon Bible from Palmer House in Chicago , and you -LRB- or at least I -RRB- never get tired of seeing it again . This is because the story is so dense with detail and so perfectly executed . Thru it all , Cruise pulls it off as a totally believable actor , on a par with Sean Connery in the early Bond films . -LRB- For anyone with a taste for the authentic , their enjoyment of Bond simply could not tolerate the corniness of Roger Moore - that is the level of Cruise 's performance in this one . -RRB- Warmly recommended for connoissuer 's of the action genre . You can hardly do better than this one , with the exceoption of the early Bond or Matt Damon in Bourne .
 I hardily agree with the majority of reviews that rate this move as 4 or 5 stars . It is action packed and suspensful , and all the actors do an excellent job . My only comment refers to the DVD edition and the letterbox treatment . It is just awful . It 's a travisty that this film has to be seen on such a small scale . The black bars take up half the screen . This movie definately needs some special edition treatment . I 'll be waiting ...
 This movie is so easy to understand , I explained it to a three-year old . C'mon , for real . Jim Phelps ' attempt to retrieve a NOC list containing names is the easiest thing since making a peanut butter and jelly sandwich . Yes ! Ethan Hunt -LRB- Tom Cruise -RRB- is the leader of the pack , but the mission goes sourly wrong leaving him as the lone survivor . Even Phelps was taken care of . Or was he ? Throughout the movie , Hunt tries to establish a new team and sell a copy of the list to a secret buyer . When he does that , the unidentified killer will remove his mask and make you realize that you 've been dooped . C'mon , how simple is this movie ? It 's very self-explanatory . Emilio Estevez makes a cameo ! Jon Voight is back ! Remember the explosive bubblegum and never chew it ! The computer room scene is insane and the train is sick ! There are plenty of twists and turns , so you better pay attention . I left the room for about twenty minutes and I still followed the movie . It is indeed , quite possible to understand .
 Mission Impossible offers a great movie experience , a chance to witness an action movie filled with brains as well as brawn . Ethan Hunt , an MI agent , has just seen his entire team cut down in an apparent internal mole hunt . Now he is the one accused , and must hurry to uncover the true traitor while keeping himself alive . He is aided by different people all the way , and like the best James Bond movies , ca n't trust anyone completely , for they may be in on it . This DVD offers great sound and picture clarity , so if you are a major Tom Cruise fan or liked this film , you will definatley want to check this one out on DVD .
 `` Mission
 Tom Cruise gives an excellent performance as IMF agent Ethan Hunt , who is framed for murder after the death of his IMF team.Together with the help of two other IMF agents , Hunt sets out to find the real murderer.Cornered most of the movie and set to his limits , Hunt and team are hard put to catch the assailants.It all leads to a final showdown on a speeding bullet train with an unlikely foe.Hard core action and awesome intellegence meet in this exhillirating action drama by filmmaker Brian DePalma .
 Brian De Palma is always an interesting director to follow , alternating between his personal pet projects -LRB- `` Dressed To Kill , `` Blow Out '' , `` Femme Fatale '' , etc. -RRB- and gun-for-hire jobs -LRB- `` The Untouchables '' , `` Mission Impossible '' , the upcoming `` The Black Dahlia '' , etc. -RRB- . What 's great about him is that he displays equal enthusiasm for both types of movies , always making sure he delivers a polished job with a handful of sit-up-and-take-notice sequences no matter the film in question . Remember the scene on the steps inside the train station in `` The Untouchables '' ? With `` Mission Impossible '' , we get a complex but well told story with at least three bravura sequences
 This movie was one of the best movies I 've seen in years . With a really good cast includig Tom Cruise and Jon Voight , This movie can actually provide action with a plot . If you hear that this movie was confusing , the people you are hearing these from do n't know what they 're talking about . If you need a good action movie to watch , watch Mission
 This is an amazing movie and should be seen by all viewers and not just ardent spy fans . Tom Cruise is fantastic as special agent Eathan Hunt , Jon Voight great as his boss and that famous computer scene is worth buying the movie for .
 Distracting NTSC artifacts are apparretn on even the region 2 version . A film less than sum of it 's parts really with some blinding moments
 I have read so many mixed reviews about this film . Especially where M : I is compared to M : I 2 . DO N'T COMPARE THE TWO ! They are two entirely different movies.So what if Ethan Hunt becomes the 21st century James Bond.I did not find the plot confusing . A lot of people are put off because they claim this M : I has `` no action . '' But this is a true drama in the sense ! I watch this almost every night and see something different everytime.DePalma 's irregular camera angles of the actors add to the tense pace . Acting is top notch . Casting is perfect . John Voight plays the `` mole '' / badguy to perfection . Vanessa Redgrave was a pleasant suprize . And Cruise is as usual at his best ! And I do n't mind the use of the interchangeable faces in this M : I or M : I 2 . I hope Cruise keeps it in M : I 3
 `` Mission
 well done , it might upset some lovers of the original b/c it does n't always stay true but it is still a good movie that has some amazing effects and some amazing scenes . if only the sequel and other remakes were this good
 The plot is like a rollar coaster . Twists and turn . If you dont like confusing movies this is not for you . If you miss ten minute you will be lost for the rest of the movie.In this movie Tom Cruise plays an angered CIA agent . With every other seen drenched in suspense . Tom Cruise is on a Cruise with this movie .
 This action packed film , all done up with expensive -LRB- yet unappreciated -RRB- explosives , props , and coordination has lots of hidden clues to the forth coming of the remaining partsof the picture . Unfortunately , some -LRB- probably those who talk during the film -RRB- got lost in the details of this film , based on the IMF team and CIA . I think the use of foreighn names tends to through some off . It 's no Oscar nominee , but it is a very good action film . Lots of neat direction and angle switches and assist in telling the story more clearly . And Tom Cruise seems believeable as usual . And the female lead , is gorgeous .
 This is a cool movie that has a plot my 16 yr old nsync listening sister ca n't get in the first five min . Tom Cruise plays a cool tough and ruthless agent who tries to get off the disavolwed list after being set up by Jon Voight for the killing of his IMF team . Voight gives an awsome performance and you do n't know its him to all most the end of the movie that he is the bad guy but that is only the ending that still more complicated than that . Ving Rhames plays the cool techno guy with a tough guy look . Hye just see the movie and you will see that the plot is easier to understand the from reading and synopsis . Alos its in regular screen on dvd not too many dvds are in regular screen why i has no qlue , but for you tech people it is also in wide screen .
 1957 's `` The Young Stranger '' was the debut of teen idol James MacArthur and introduced him in fare that could have starred Sal Mineo if there were n't room for someone else to take the gauntlet . MacArthur would later be featured in Disney fare so he did well in his debut . Like Mineo 's `` Dino , '' `` The Young Stranger '' written by Robert Dozier was supposedly based on a play also . Also in the cast are James Daley as the father and Kim Hunter as the mother with Whit Bissell , James Gregory and a young Jack Mullaney as an already established juvenile delinquent , something the plot seems to want to peg the young stranger as having as his potential . It was a rather pleasant experience and also featured the debut of director John Frankenheimer -LRB- `` The Manchurian Candidate , '' `` Grand Prix '' and `` The Gypsy Moths . '' -RRB- Thank you , Warner Archive , once again for the great job bringing this rare entertainment to home screens . 16 x 9 in b & w.
 This is a nice family drama that explores a son 's conflicted relationship with his father . It shows the sad consequences that result when father 's spend much time trying to become rich and famous and calously neglect to care for and love their sons .
 I found this film to be a gem . I was a teenager in the 1950 's and this film was so painfully true . Far better than Rebel Without a Cause . I was also tremendously impressed with James MacArthur . I only knew him from his excellent Disney films .
 For anyone who has enjoyed Brideshead Revisited or Lost Empires this is another example of superb drama not to be missed . Frederick Raphael and Granada TV have created a modern television masterpiece . The story is sophisticated and intelligent and the dialogue leaves one gasping at its astonishing wit.I first saw AFTER the WAR some 18 years ago , it resonated with me then . After recently viewing it for the second time I can say that it lost has lost none of that original impression . I am delighted to own it so I can now watch it again whenever I like , and explore it further.The acting is superb throughout and brilliantly cast , so it would be impossible to single out any names for mention . One last thing , the haunting theme music by Stephen Oliver is beautiful and a perfect match .
 This series offers highly intelligent drama with all the characteristic subtleties of character and human foibles that British filmmaking captures so well . But the main point of my writing this review is to tell how unique this series is on two accounts.First , the series intricately depicts a subtle ostracism of Jews , those who were not quite of age and not in Europe during World War II , by Jews who were of age and/or were in Europe.Also well depicted , somewhat allegorically , are the subtle -LRB- and not so subtle -RRB- prejudices and manipulations exercised against upper middle-class British Jews by British rank and society and the Allied forces.Second , the series very well illustrates the mystique possessed by those who directly suffered the Second World War and the effect of that mystique upon those who were sheltered from the war 's harshest realities by age -LRB- if only a crucial few years -RRB- , location , or social status.This series would be heartfelt to anyone who has had -LRB- or still has -RRB- the good fortune to know someone who embodied the aforementioned mystique . It is true that those whose early lives were most defined by the war became possessed of a `` brand '' upon the personality that inspired instant curiosity and a certain reverence.This series dramatizes this mystique through the relationship between the two main characters , the two Jewish boys , who grow to manhood , and who have little in common other than their heritage ; however , it is their shared heritage that gives them parallel experiences of completely opposite details , including the details of their own dubious friendship , which spans close to thirty years.Within the complex relationship between the two main characters is a further dramatization of this wartime mystique that involves a free-thinking young woman , a French Jew , Pierrette Levi , who , under Nazi occupation of France , witnessed not only the murder of her grandfather , her only relative , but suffered betrayal and yet had willing sexual involvement with her betrayer . For the one character , the rough Joe Hirsch , Pierrette represents his connection to all that he was forced to leave as a child refugee of Nazi-occupied Europe , and for the other character , the refined Michael Jordan , Pierrette represents the worldly , gritty attraction of events and experiences from which he was completely sheltered , in general , and throughout the war.Both characters fall in love with Pierrette , though it is actually her mystique with which they fall in love , and through this mystique , it is actually the war - the war they never saw - with which they fall in love in the sense of romanticizing , though in opposite ways , even the war 's ugliest realities.The dialogue throughout this series carries weight and truth , much of it timeless and much historical , in every word - and in-between every word - listen closely !
 After the War is yet another in the long line of excellent dramas produced for broadcast within the United Kingdom
 Well ... a bit tougher material than in the Calculus 1 series ; but Dr. Shane again does an excellent job in presenting the material in Calculus 2 . He cuts directly to the important stuff . Be forewarned though -- do not try to master this material in one viewing . Some of the ` Integration by Substitution ' problems will really blow your mind . I have viewed both Calc 2 tapes about three times each , and find I pick up new details each time through ; my understanding gets better as well . After watching both the Calc 1 & 2 series , I took the AP exam for first semester Calc , and only missed four problems . These videos really do work ! There 's no way I would have been able to do that well with Standard Deviants or a text book!On to Calculus 3 ...
 While I 'm not sure it would hold the attention of a 6 + yo , this is a great video for the Toddler/PreK education video junkies out there -LRB- if your kids like the old Signing Times , Leap Frog Letter Factory , and/or Your Baby Can Read videos , they 'll probably be down with this too -RRB- . The production quality is not high and many of the songs feel a little forced , but my kids do n't seem to mind much . Let 's face it , there 's just not a whole lot of Math video options for this age bracket ! The Munchkin Math series , Hip Hop Homeroom , and now this video have gone a long way to peak my kids ' interest in math learning - so that alone earns it a 5 star from me !
 This movie at first seemed a little young , but then it got going and it was better . It seemed to help my daughter who is visually impaired to begin to memorize her facts . That is what I wanted from it . The music and rhythmic timing of the facts were really nice and helpful for her .
 I like this film , because it has a good message , simple and short . And even has Bible verses . I Recommended for your kids .
 I am very glad to see that Pamplin has re-released these video 's . My son played Mickey Masters . Brian is getting a theatre degree , at Pepperdine University . I never tire of watching these films and I thank God that Brian was given the chance to work with such fine christians as Willie Ames and Grant Goodeve . I can only hope that he will be as fine an actor as these two men . I hope you all enjoy these film as as much as I do ! God Bless you all .
 This vidio , produced by the same people who did `` Bibleman '' is among the best I 've ever seen.When Mickey and Grant get assigned to make a daring rescue , there attempts to find someone who will help them result in a close brush with death that makes Mickey question wether God wants him to even be an Agent of Truth . -LRB- ... -RRB- Asside from the fact that it 's rather predictable in some points , it 's and exclent movie . Some things can easly be predicted if you 're at all fimmiler with spy movies . Needless to say , it 's high-action , but it 's the kind of action you can just kick back and watch while eating popcorn fresh from the micorwave.Mickey Masters is a quite typical young teenager , and he has a typical kid life .
 It 's 1943 and a team of saboteurs , some British and some Belgian , are being trained to parachute into Belgium to cause as much damage to the Nazis as they can . After they 've landed London learns that one is a traitor . Sound familiar ? But this movie is well done . The heroics are underplayed even though half of the team dies . A special mission they 're given is carried out cleverly and realistically.Among the team members is a young Simone Signoret . Over the years , Signoret developed into an extraordinarily effective actor . Here , she reflects determination , anguish and a desire not to let herself become emotionally entangled . She discovers the identity of the traitor while they are alone in a farmhouse . He 's shaving and she 's on the transmitter getting a message from London . The message gives the traitor 's name . She picks up her pistol , calls the man 's name so he faces her , and without hesitation shoots him . A tidy , tough scene . She and a young team member played by Gordon Jackson eventually reach a romantic understanding . Because of Signoret 's fierceness as an actor it was a little like watching a teen-age cocker spaniel falling in love with a young tigress.The movie did n't do well when it was released . Some said that it was too close to the war years ; nostalgia for courage and victory had n't set in as it did during the Fifties.Signoret was one of the great actors of her time with a career that spanned over 40 years . Check out her performance here -LRB- young , hurt , determined and a great looker -RRB- , withRoom at the Top -LRB- 1959 -RRB- -LRB- pushing 40 , melancholy , sexy , knowing -RRB- , withMadame Rosa -LRB- 1977 -RRB- -LRB- tender up to a point and looking every day plus more of her age -RRB- . As she got older , she put on weight and did n't care . She was who she was ... a great actress , smart and political . I doubt if a surgeon 's scalpel ever tightened her face . Yves Montand was fascinated enough by her for their marriage to last 34 years until her death . To see her in one of her greatest roles , tryCasque d'Or - Criterion Collection .
 The year is 1943 and a team of saboteurs , some British and some Belgian , are being trained to parachute into Belgium to cause as much damage to the Nazis as they can . After they 've landed London learns that one is a traitor . Sound familiar ? But this movie is very well done . The heroics are underplayed even though half of the team dies . A special mission they 're given is carried out cleverly and realistically.Among the team members is a young Simone Signoret . In my opinion , over the years she developed into an extraordinarily effective actor . Here , she reflects determination , anguish and a desire not to let herself become emotionally entangled . She discovers the identity of the traitor while they are alone in a farmhouse . He 's shaving and she 's on the transmitter getting a message from London . The message gives the traitor 's name . She picks up her pistol , calls the man 's name so he faces her , and without hesitation shoots him . A very tidy , tough scene . She and a young team member played by Gordon Jackson eventually reach a romantic understanding . Because of Signoret 's fierceness as an actor it was a little like watching a teen-age cocker spaniel falling in love with a young tigress.Against the Wind did n't do well when it was released . Some said that it was too close to the war years ; nostalgia for courage and victory had n't set in as it did during the Fifties.Signoret was , in my opinion , one of the great actors of her time with a career that spanned over 40 years . Check out the span with her performance here -- young , hurt , determined and a great looker , with Room at the Top -LRB- 1959 -RRB- -- pushing 40 , melancholy , sexy , knowing , with Madame Rosa -LRB- 1977 -RRB- -- tender up to a point and looking every day plus more of her age . As she got older , she put on weight and did n't seem to care . I doubt if a surgeon 's touch-up scalpel ever tightened her face . And Yves Montand was fascinated enough by her for their marriage to last 34 years until her death.If you have an all-region DVD player , there is a Region 2 DVD of the movie readily available at AmazonUK at a reasonable price and which looks better than might be expected .
 This is the most authentic espionage movie I 've ever seen . There is no James Bond super-hero type action , but instead the emphasis is on the danger and the nagging fear an agent sent into enemy territory suffers . Set during WWII , it lays out some of the training agents received , and showed that some casualties were from accidents , not enemy action . Parachuting from an aircraft is inherently dangerous , especially at night , and one of the team does not survive the drop . Overall , a very accurate , although low-key , portrayal of the secret agent 's life .
 This series is a must see for enthusiasts , and for all who love Israel , Yiddishkeit , or want to get a brief overview of Jewish History . Abba Eban is great with his idiosyncratic narration throughout the video series . The series is several Hrs long and span several tapes . Perhaps you might look to purchase a dvd version . The series starts out in a very ambitious attempt to cover much detail about Jewish civilization but half way through resigns its work to a broad overview . A great piece of film literature and well worth a good family or community viewing .
 King Sunny Ade playing for royalty . Fela Kuti at home discussing Nigeria 's political situation amid his many wives . Sonny Okosun decked out like a mod doing doughnuts on a motorcycle . Amazing.A snapshot of Nigeria in the 70 's . Nigerian pop stars as well as an introduction to lesser known , equally great musicians.One of the best documentaries I have seen . Do yourself a favor and buy this DVD .
 This video is indeed worth checking out . You get a nice look at the backstreets of Lagos , Nigeria , and then travel up into the rural north of Muslim Nigeria . From a blind urban folk minstrel to earthy electric guitar dance music , to traditional village music , this video will transport you to a time and place you may have never imagined . I 've enjoyed this video many times over the years .
 Early one morning during the annual Argungu Festival in arid northern Nigeria , thousands of bare-chested fishermen carrying nets and gourds rush down the banks of a narrow river . They splash and crowd its muddy waters , while blue-robed musicians glide by in long canoes , beating hypnotically on talking drums to lure the fish to the surface . It is an ancient ritual of the Hausa people that reaches back to the roots of both music and religion . Meanwhile , in a cramped apartment in downtown Lagos , political dissident and Afrobeat star Fela Kuti sits regally on a couch , clad only in bikini briefs and surrounded by three of his 27 wives . Kuti , whose previous home was burned to the ground by a vengeful Nigerian military , speaks forcefully about how music in his country must be used for revolution . Then the jazz - and James Brown-influenced international star lets fly a few funky riffs on his saxophone and sings some lines from his latest protest song.Both these scenes are from `` Konkombe
 The DVD is a good addition to any collection . A review of Nigerian Pop Music scene is at best deficient without any discussion of Chief Commander Ebenezer Obey . Nonetheless , the DVD provides a cursory look of what I had long desired , King Sunny Ade on the stage in the 70s . Though very short , vintage Sunny Ade was great to watch and priceless . All in all , the DVD 's attempt to bridge the past with the current is merely satisfactory . It also has J.O Araba playing one of his tracks . Araba is one of the pioneers of juju music .
 Os minstrels modernos do dia , o chandler de Chris e o curso de Troubadours da loja de convenincia o circuito do festival que espalha seu pr&oacute;prio tipo da povo-rocha bateram a poesia . Explorando a cultura americana do PNF , torcem nossas atividades di&aacute;rias em tirades humorous , provocative , apocalyptic . Definitivamente no sua faixa popular t&iacute;pica , a loja de convenincia Troubadours emprega um som tradicional da povo-rocha aumentado com uma trombeta e uns vocals fmeas soulful que forneam uma folha perfeita aos rants acentuados do sul do chandler pesadamente .
 James Best plays the last soldier left in a German villiage raided by Allied Forces during World War II . He is wounded and nursed to health by a native -LRB- Susan Cummings -RRB- whose brother is still loyal to a local Nazi group . The couple falls in love and wants to get married , but it is forbidden by Best 's commanding officer . Including some gritty footage of Nazi death camps and a daring rescue by Best of his girlfriend 's brother from a burning train , this is one of Samuel Fuller 's most underrated films . It was produced after RKO Radio Pictures had closed in 1956 , sold to Desi Arnaz and General Tire and Rubber Company . There 's an unforgettable opening scene , a shootout to the tune of Bethoven 's 5th Symphony .
 Director Sam Fuller 's mix of violence and sentiment works well in this set-in-Germany love story between an American soldier and a German woman . After the Second World War , hunger breeds a neo-Nazi gang of teens who attempt to overthrow American occupation forces with the lovers caught in in the middle . Powerful and exciting , the move is shown in it 's proper 1:85 ratio . Well worth seeing for Fuller fans . .
 I really enjoy this video . It is exciting . The sound quality is not the greatest but the picture quality is fine . Dressed To Kill / The Woman In Green are great movies . I just started watching some of Terror By Night and it looks so good so far .
 I was so very pleased with the quality of the films on this DVD . There is a disclaimer in the beginning saying the quality may not be as good as expected but it was better then I expected . The sound quality is very good and the picture quality is very good . I would recommend this DVD to anyone who enjoys the old Sherlock Holmes films .
 The price / quality ratio is here perfectly balanced . The pic / sound quality is definitely not very good , but then , I have never seen any of the Rathbone 's Holmes series in any sharper image ; ... By the way , if you are not familiar , the films themselves are quite stupid , with little bearing to the literary Holmes . Still , they are quite moody as such .
 This DVD brings back these three movies exactly as I remember them . I was not yet born when these movies debuted on the silver screen , however ... my memories of these movies is from when I was a child , watching them on late-night television with my grandmother . Since then , I have been a fan of Basil Rathbone and enjoy his rendition of the infamous resident of 221B Baker Street . These movies are original material -LRB- as opposed to , say , The Hound of Baskervilles which is adapted from Sir Arthur Conan Doyle 's writings -RRB- but still capture the epitome of Sherlock Holmes.The quality of the reproduction certainly is not perfect . However , if you remember watching these movies on television as I do , then you will be familiar with the quality of the film . The sound is a little scratchy , and the picture is a little grainy , but the movies are viewable and very much enjoyable . If you remember these movies , you will not be disappointed by this DVD . If , however , you are looking for adaptations of original Conan Doyle material , you may wish to look to the Jeremy Brett renditions .
 Many people , especially those who grew up during the 1930s and 1940s , have fond memories of Basil Rathbone 's famous Sherlock Holmes series . My own exposure to the popular series came in the 1970s , when I encountered them on the late-late show ; `` The Scarlet Claw '' was a particular favorite . Unfortunately , few of these films have ever been released to the home market in either VHS or DVD , and those that have reflect their need for serious restoration . This is particularly true of the films seen here . Although not unbearably fuzzy , the pictures are far from being crisp and clean , and the sound is occasionally problematic.DRESSED TO KILL finds Holmes investigating three mysterious music boxes -- and events quickly turn to murder . Of the three films , this is the weakest
 Best for price and best for quality!Black and white imaging better than expected considering the movie negatives were made in the 1940s -LRB- thats 60 years ago ! -RRB- . I almost did n't buy after the critical review of the alternative -LSB- current cost -RSB- set -LRB- which includes only 1 more movie -RRB- . But this set is super and will be appreciated by any fan of the original Holmes and Doctor Watson .
 I adore every one of the old Holmes/Watson films with Basil Rathbone and Nigel Bruce . I thought they were perfect for the parts , and Nigel Bruce was just an endearing Watson . If you are into the Master , and do n't take yourself too seriously , these are fun to watch . I only wish that there were more of them for us to enjoy . On the down side , do not expect great quality from these films because it is n't there . Sadly , these are falling apart , so there may not be any more of them in the future , unless someone makes an investment , and restores them . Even though they are only `` acceptable '' visually , these are wonderful slices of cinematic entertainment . Rathbone 's arch , tongue in cheek Holmes , and Bruce 's endearing , bumbling , and smug Watson are too good to pass up . I watched these as a child , and so for me , there are no other actors who could come close to these guys . Watching Watson bumble around , gives you an understanding of what an upper class twit is , and how they lost the empire !
 A train is speeding from London to Scotland , a murderer is on board , and someone has just stolen famous the Star of Rhodesia . A bizarre series of murders , a secret society of hypnotists , and professor Moriarty is the prime suspectsuspect . Musical boxes containg hidden codes , their owners turning up dead , and the prime suspect is already behind bars . The plots are fantastic , the villians so colorful , the chemistry so perfect ... the deduction so inevitable -- it could only be Holmes and Watson as portrayed by the incomparable Basil Rathbone and Nigel Bruce . These are three of the better known entries in the series of fourteen films Rathbone and Bruce made together . The prints are good , the sound clear , and the DVD quality is a slight improvement over the VHS versions . The bonus material on this DVD is n't as extensive as any fan of the series will hope for -- There is scene access -- bios of the stars and Sir Arthur Conan Doyle - Selected filmographies -- a few background stills -- original poster art is reproduced on the package , and some interesting trivia is included . Still , it 's a treat having these films on DVD , and lets hope the rest of their classic films make it onto this format .
 I love these old films . And scince I only buy DVD 's -LRB- no VHS for me -RRB- there are very few choices to make . The distributors did a reasonable job . Sure the sound is not that great but I can still here what the 're saying.Rathbone plays a great Holmes but I think Jeremy Brett actually plays him more true to Doyle 's characterisation . I still like to watch Basil do it though.This one is in my library to stay . Thank God someone saved these before they really got bad .
 A wonderful show starting out with `` Baby Face . '' Of course , there is a `` fake Jan. '' But it is still GREAT !
 I always had to watch what my brother wanted to watch ; naturally , he had a TV in his bedroom and I did n't . Mom sat and watched TV day and night on the family 's main television , so it was always tense and grim and frankly , stupid and tyrannical . When The Brady Bunch Variety Hour came out , I was desperate to watch it , but I was always vetoed . Imagine my surprise , all these years later , to see two videos offered here on Amazon . I bought those two volumes so fast and I was delighted to watch episodes I 'd never seen . Very light entertainment , suitable for children and entire families to watch .
 The jokes , the songs , the dancing . The Brady Bunch is in their glory and all are at the high point of their careers . It 's just a shame that Eve Plumb did not choose to particiapte ...
 ` The Insider ' is certainly one of the best films of 1999 . There is not another director working today who can match Michael Mann 's eye for detail . Example
 This is one reason you should n't smoke cigarettes . The other requires smellivision .
 An excellent Drama , well acted , intelligent film
 This is a great movie based on a real life insider in the tabbaco industry.The story is great but a times slow.As for the DVD , Disney forces you to sit though almost 10 minutes of previews!If you buy or rent this DVD , be forewarned fast forward though the stupid previews!i buy DVD so I do not have to sit and wait though previews!Only buy if like the movie and avoid the previews !
 i could hardly believe how excellent this film was when I saw it . I already knew the story that it 's based on , and although some things were slightly changed , its for the better.Old Al does a fine job here , hes not the typical yelling loud character he usually is and carries the role perfectly . Russel Crowe 's face is also 100 % neccisary in the movie.Michael Mann 's direction is also pure genious . Every scene is done perfectly.You wo n't be dissapointed .
 This is a must see movie . Great story . Al Pacino and Russell Crowe are superb . Even though you 're an action-movie fan , you 'll enjoy it . If you 're a drama-movie fan , you 'll definitely love it . I highly recommend this film to everyone !
 Thid id s terrific movie and I thoroughly enjoyed it . My credentials for rating a movie are purely subjective
 The Insider would have worked as a plot-driven film . Jeff Weigand has his family and career destroyed when he revelas corperate dirt on big tabacco.But what makes the film so incredible is that it is in fact charactor driven , not just moved ahead by story . The cerebral , family oritented yet emotional Wiegand-Russel Crowe-is contrasted with the hip , radical 60 Minutes Producer Lowell Bergman , played by Al Pachino.Both charactors dig their heals into their positions , and watcing these two passionate but extremely bright guys in give and take is simply incredible to watch.The acting is incredible . Both men want , often , conflicting things -- Wiegand some shred of privacy and protection , Bergman his story and all he needs to know to protect Wiegand.The subtance of the tobacco litigation is interesting . But the drives of both men -- and how smartly this is discussed-is what makes the Insider a cut above most whistle blower movies .
 a great movie into visual pain as 2/3 's of your screen is blacked out while you peer into this rectangular lens much like watching a partial eclipse of the moon . What great executive made the decision to pass out half a movie when you should get a whole ?
 I really enjoyed this movie , despite its exaggerations and melodramatic touches . Pacino and Crowe give fine performances , and the glimpse we get into the world of big tobacco companies and highly-paid journalists is fascinating . Unfortunately , there are numerous slow patches throughout this 2.5 hour movie . They could have cut about 20 minutes without losing anything important , and the result would have been more watchable . With that qualifier , I 'd recommend `` The Insider '' to anyone who enjoys dramatic pseudo-documentary movies .
 This is a great movie with a star cast . Russell Crowe does a great job playing the victim of a the tobacco industry that is trying to expose their secrets . The makeup cast does a great job of showing how this trama affects him , as he appears to age a lot during the scandal . Al Pacino is the producer for an acclaimed tv show that is trying to report this scandal . The movie is very interesting and while long , it is so intriguing that you just want to keep watching it . One of my friends that did not even like it to much kept watching it because there was just enough in the story to make him want to keep watching to see what happens . All in all this was a great movie with great acting .
 I Do n't know why i let 5 years pass before i sat down , and watched this film - probably b/c im not the biggest russell crowe fan , w / that said , i thoroughly enjoyed every aspect of this movie . From the beautiful cinemetography to the wonderful score , capped off by the excellent acting -LRB- pacino , plummer , crowe - in that order -RRB- one could n't ask for more . The `` taking on big corporations '' premise is rarely touched upon by members in hollywood , or if it is - it 's very watered down . This film is a social commentary - it dissects how corrupt and to what length corporations will go to get their way . This movie is so deep , and for the thinkers of the world only . Kudos to Mann , w / each film i watch made by him - the bigger fan i become . Please do n't pass this one up .
 This movie should not fade into obscurity . I am a big fan of Russell Crowe , Al Pacino and Michael Mann , and they are all at the top of their craft .
 Tobacco courtroom fraud does not seem like an exciting motion picture film to make and certainly the idea of corporate fatheads eating up all the capitalism they can manage is just a state of reality that one can sympathise with but also feel that people are ultimately responsible for their own actions and nobody is forcing the products down their throats . It seems that Michael Mann would have a lot to go up against here if he wanted to prove that &#65533; self-inflicted harm &#65533; is someone else &#65533; s responsibility . Mann does not avoid this element but he does aim his direction more at corporate employee suppression , the impact that their testimony may have on society , the importance of the freedom of speech , how the media can be manipulated and the influence on government and state sector lobbying.This is a very intelligent movie that brings one man &#65533; s quest to do battle with the giants into sharp contrast with the stark reality of its lunacy , shortcomings and psychological affects that is has on a family and one &#65533; s life in general . At times this picture is extremely deep and moving . It is also equally complex , controversial and conspires . Maybe repeat viewings are needed to capture all of its intricacy and involvedness with the real world corporate scandal scene.Russell Crowe plays Dr. Jeffrey Wigand , a scientist with a heart who believes that the tobacco giants he worked for perjured themselves in a court of law when they said that they believed that tobacco was not addictive . Wigand believes that while he worked for these companies that he was asked to develop a chemical system by which nicotine would be administered to the brain , through smoking , more quickly and effectively . He takes his story to CBS &#65533; s 60 minutes producer Lowell Bergman -LRB- Al Pacino -RRB- and this starts a chain reaction where the corporate fatheads proceed to suppress him , the CBS show and resort to unconditional threats and exploitation of the man &#65533; s family that even involves manipulating the police services . The bottom line here - Money is Power ... . but so are some other things.This is not all good guys vs bad guys stuff . At times Wigand comes across as a really gruff and stuck-up chemist with a grudge . Bergman , for all his interest and want to tell a good story , is also ultimately just a reporter who wants to be the one behind presenting the facts to the American public . Bergman &#65533; s story is just as interesting as Wigands . Wigand finds himself heavily suppressed by the corporate sector to the point where he is escorted to the courts under armed guard . Bergman finds himself , and his career , ruined by &#65533; corporate-CBS &#65533; who have final say over what they can or can not air.This is all good stuff and makes for remarkable viewing . It is very long , drawn out but never dull and does transcend its narrow theme to incorporate much more about the real world than just its corporate scandals . This is the kind of film that you would like to see Hollywood do more . It is brainy , thoughtful and thoroughly satisfying . It is also based on a true story . The film itself attracted some hullabaloo from the tobacco giants in question.Anybody can enjoy this film . It is a tense drama and certainly you will hard-pressed not to like it . If you are looking for a worthy and worldly reason for a drama then you do not have to look much further than The Insider.Great Cinema . Bold Filmmaking .
 The man can act , and this movie proves it . Yeah , he 's obnoxious in interviews and he needs to learn a thing or two about humility , but the real reason he won his Oscar was not for Gladiator . It was for this movie -LRB- the Academy had to keep it in mind -RRB- . The Insider is both dramatic , sheds light on our system , and happens to be true on top of all of that . Own it and think about what you 'd do in the protagonist 's situation .
 I saw this film in August on VHS . I loved `` The Insider '' . It was so good , I watched it three times . There are many excellent elements in this film that I must share with you . The production values were excellent , the screenplay was very well-written , the acting was of great caliber , the cinematography was great , the film score was superb , and the pace and tone of the film were in the right spot . The widescreen format and the film 's running time were no problem for me . I 'm excited by this film as a work of art and as an example of what to do when one must make a choice . A lot of people used the film as a discussion to trash the tobacco industry , but what jumped out at me was what Mann was trying to say about the character of Wigand and Bergman . The credits hit and I was exhilirated by what I had seen
 There are few directors whose work I enjoy as much , and can identify as easily , as Michael Mann 's . He 's a master at making the ordinary into something dramatic and seductive . And he really does know how to make the most of a soundtrack . This human docudrama follows the emotional destruction of a man caught between his conscience and a corporation trying to silence him , and of the journalists who drew him out and then are pressured to abandon him . -LRB- I will make the comment that I find it ironic that a movie about journalists wiggling away from the truth , has itself altered the real story . -RRB- Russell Crowe did an excellent job as the beleaguered tobacco executive , as did Al Pacino as an assertive television producer . Actually , all the performances are great . Bruce McGill enlivens one scene considerably in his role as a Mississippi lawyer . It maintains an edgy pace though-out its length , which is best described as really , really , long . Eventually I felt the way I do when I 've spent too long in an art gallery . I became jaded , and began to wish that something else - anything - would happen to change the pace . Still , the length does allows us time to get to know the characters , and after all , it is a Michael Mann film , and that 's all that matters .
 I enjoy a well acted and well written movie , especially if it 's a true story , and most especially if the story is based upon a newsworthy event . For me , `` The Insider '' delivers on all accounts ! I found myself completely captivated by this film from start to finish . It combines a compelling true story , sparkling performances by an all-star ensemble cast , an outstanding screenplay filled with sharp , crackling dialog , a beautifully haunting musical score , and cinematography which is darkly brooding . All add up to a taut and suspenseful real-life thriller.This is the riveting tale of how the lives of two men - Jeffrey Wigand , the famous tobacco industry `` whistleblower , '' and Lowell Bergman , a producer for CBS News ' `` 60 Minutes '' - become suddenly entwined in the maelstrom of one of the most controversial political and social issues of the mid-1990s
 The Insider is so engrossing that you forget that it 's two and a half hours . Russell Crowe is the future of film , he gives an amazing performance as Jeff Wigant . Pacino gives another stellar performance and Michael Mann 's direction is superb . This film is so intense you do not want to stop watching it , even for a minute . It is scary how much money big tobacco has and to what lengths the tobacco industries will go to keep inside information quiet . I find it unbelievable that this actually happened and even more unbelievable that CBS buckled to the pressure of big tobacco 's threats . This is scary stuff , buy it , it is well worth your money .
 It really is the perfect combo . Mann , director of thriller-of-the-decade ` Heat ' , along with giant Pacino and hot property Crowe . Add an excellent supporting cast -LRB- including Plummer -RRB- , a true story with real drama , and atmospheric music , and you appear to have the ideal package.Except ... except ... it 's too long . And I hate saying that , because I LIKE long movies , but there 's just not enough drive in this to make it to the end without a push . Mann also seems confused about his lead - Crowe gives a superlative performance worthy of the camera 's eye , yet at the end of the day it 's Pacino who gets the closing shot . Crowe 's character is cast aside . Is this a veiled comment on Pacino 's character 's attitude towards his charge?But Mann 's accomplishment , in the end , is to create a masterwork which , as you watch , you forget is a film . All the characters and actors seem to be real , and you tune in so perfectly to the style and direction that any other film , watched after ` Insider ' , seems thin , cartoonish . Two-dimensional . That is Mann 's unique gift , and you 're missing out if you miss it .
 The team from `` Heat '' -LRB- 1995 -RRB- strike back with an extraordinary piece that tackles on the issues of tobacco and the power of media . Important decisions are made , sometimes not too ethically , putting the whole issue of media objectivity and transparency in the spotlight.As for Mann , his shots , sometimes stressing due to their closeness and speed , sometimes soothing due to their slow motion , deliver the message loud and clear.Pacino 's acting brings no new surprises
 Corporate whistle blowing makes for ideal storytelling material , coming fully equipped , as it does , with many of the raw elements of great drama . For who can resist the spectacle of an Everyman underdog , driven by a courageous sense of personal righteousness and love of humanity , laying his integrity , his livelihood , often even his life itself on the line in the pursuit of truth and justice?Based on real life events , in which `` 60 Minutes '' compromised its journalistic integrity by buckling under to pressure from the tobacco industry not to run an interview with a whistle blower , Michael Mann 's `` The Insider '' provides a solid , often gripping and always interesting drama that works on several levels simultaneously
 This was one of the year 's best films . The cinematography is awesome , and the acting was fantastic . Al Pacino played a devoted journalist who stumbles onto perhaps the century 's biggest and most costliest scandals -LRB- with regard to human life . -RRB- Russell Crowe -LRB- Jeffrey Wigand -RRB- is a downtrodden businessman/scientist who 's life seemingly spins out of control when he is fired from Brown & Williamson.To regain his integrity and make some sense out of his life he decides to tell the truth about what the tobacco companies really knew about their deadly and addictive product . From there his life becomes a hellish torture of slander and subliminal messages -LRB- bullet in the mailbox . -RRB- Somehow Wigand manages to keep his sanity and he brings down big tobacco by revealing all in a courtroom.This film was perhaps Crowe 's best work . After seeing Gladiator -LRB- Crowe was great in that too -RRB- I was impressed to witness Crowe 's character range . He went from a aging businessman/scientist to a war scarred Roman army general . Wow , very good work I must say.Watch this film and see a defining point in American history .
 This film is one of the most compelling , breath-taking , intense films I 've seen in a long while . The film the Insider revolves around a scientist who had been formerly working for the `` big tobacco '' industry but quit ; and although the tobacco company he worked for allowed him to quit they did force him to take a vow of secrecy to remain silent about anything going on within the tobacco industry that he might know about . However , Wigand opts to put himself and his family on the line in order to expose the sick truths behind `` Big Tobacco . `` In order to be able to expose `` Big Tobacco '' Wigand is contacted by a journalist working for 60 Minutes named Lowell Bergman , who is willing to set up an interview between Wigand and 60 Minutes alum Mike Wallace -LRB- played believably by Christopher Plummer -RRB- . However `` Big Tobacco '' will stop at nothing to stop Wigand and Bergman.The performances in The Insider are nothing less then stellar . Crowe gives a fantastic performance as Wigand , which in my opinion was a performance very worthy of an oscar . Al Pacino gives an excellent oscar worthy performace as well as journalist Lowell Bergman , and another excellent performance by Christopher Plummer as Mike Wallace of 60 Minutes , -LRB- he was very believable -RRB- . So if you 're looking for an intense thriller , The Insider wo n't dissapoint .
 This was , a good movie I did n't realize this was , a true story til i saw , the end ... I do n't watch , 60 minutes much well sometimes , this is worth watching ...
 Great movie , great service , I am VERY against smoking and this movie made me hate it even more . Thanks ! : -RRB-
 This film should have won the Best Picture Oscar in 2000 . It is great & Russell deserved the Oscar for his hard work in the role . Love the extras on the disc . Only problem , I have alot of problems getting my disc to play .
 This is a dramatic triumph ; a gripping story of the battle between truth and corruption in the sacred halls of mass media news . Based on the true story of Jeffrey Wigand , the research scientist from Brown and Williamson Tobacco who blows the whistle on the industry 's attempts to chemically enhance the addictive effects of nicotine , this story grabs you like an anaconda and slowly squeezes you until you are out of breath.The plot follows Lowell Bergman , a producer for 60 Minutes , as he first stumbles across Wigand -LRB- Russell Crowe -RRB- , convinces him to do an interview and then battles to get the interview aired after Brown and Williamson threatens CBS with a lawsuit . This is reality based drama at its finest . For once , we have a real story that is not rendered dubious by over-dramatization . Michael Mann directs his third consecutive triumph . He only does one project every three or four years , but what he lacks in frequency he more than delivers in quality . I liked all aspects of his direction , but I was particularly impressed with his use of the camera . Mann has all the various camera techniques honed to perfection , but what is most impressive is his appropriateness in using technique in a scene to maximize effect . If he gives us an extreme close-up or a foreground blur , it is exactly what is needed for maximum impact in the scene . He uses technique to enhance the scene rather than using the scene as an excuse to show off technique , a disease that seems to have become epidemic , especially among hip young directors.Mann brings us taut drama with a relevant message . He provides well defined characters that hook the audience emotionally . His pace is always appropriate with moments of frenetic action augmented by dramatic buildup and suspense.The acting in this film was uniformly excellent . Pacino is at his finest in this role . It is clear that he had a real passion for the part unlike his stilted and phony performance in ` The Devil 's Advocate ' . As in ` Heat ' , I believe that Mann has again brought forth Pacino 's maximum dynamism and squeezed out of him every bit of his brilliance.Russell Crowe elevated his game to a new level with this film . Though I found his performance a bit uneven , he brought great power to the role -LRB- perhaps a bit too much -RRB- , and transcended his previous best performance in ` LA Confidential ' by a wide margin . This was a complex and difficult character , reserved and intellectual yet highly emotional and explosive . This is a combination that does n't usually come in the same package . Crowe nailed the reserved intellectual part , but was overwrought in the angry scenes , coming across more like an action hero than the incensed nerd he was supposed to be playing . However , this is a picayune criticism of what was on the whole a fabulous performance.This is one of the better dramas I have seen in a while . I rated it a 9/10 . It is well written , well acted and well directed . What more can you ask ?
 One critic said of American Beauty in relation to the Oscar nominations
 As in his other memorable work , director Michael Mann hits all the right notes with THE INSIDER , a thrilling film filled with terrific performances by Russel Crowe , Al Pacino and Christopher Plummer . I could go on an on about this movie , but all that needs to be said is that is by far the BEST film of 1999 , and although it wo n't win the Oscar , it certainly should have . Riveting , intelligent storytelling complimented by Mann 's trademark visual style . Any fan of Mann 's work knows what I mean . Tight close-ups , fantastic music score and wonderful cinematography . Do n't let the length scare you . It 's long and it needs to be . So did HEAT .
 A great movie that is both suspenseful and relevant . This tells the story of the process of becoming a whistleblower . After watching this I went to internet to learn more about this real life hero .
 Yes , this has a running time in excess of two hours , but it is worth it to watch this incendiary story unfold . A man who used to work for a tobacco company suffers professionally and personally after blowing the whistle on their fraud and deception of the public regarding nicotine . Journalists from CBS ' 60 Minutes pick up the story and then become tangled up in the threat of lawsuits and more . Pacino , Crowe , and Mike Wallace -LRB- yes , the one from CBS -RRB- give excellent performances . Great soundtrack too .
 Great - Exciting - highly recommend it - shows the power of bit companies ... Fascinating story -LRB- true -RRB- and great acting by Russel l Crowe .
 Good historic look at the fallout when one man exposes an injustice . Great story as told in 60 Minutes . Don Hewitt and mike Wallace with my first glance at Russell Crowe
 Yes this movie was long . Yes it did get a little slow at times . Yes little kids would probably be bored by it . Yes it does n't deserve 5 stars for that matter . But otherwise , this movie was n't nearly as bad as some of the other reviews say it is . This is the true story of Jeff Wigand -LRB- Russel Crowe -RRB- , who got fired by the tobacco company for revealing devastating information . Lowell Bergman -LRB- Al Pacino -RRB- , who works for CBS , soon finds Wigand to be the perfect insider for 60 Minutes . Bergman then takes on the fight of his career to air the story on CBS and reveal the truth to all of America . This movie has excellent actors , very cool music , and very realistic hand cinematography . Russel Crowe has a way of acting that makes you want to cheer for him -LRB- like in Gladiator and Mystery , Alaska -RRB- , even though here he has the role of a wimpy-looking middle-aged man . The Insider is a great movie . Just a little long , though.Rated R for language , but nothing else . It 's a safe bet that most teens should be able to handle it .
 The Insider succeeds as a thriller while tackling the difficult job of a controversial news story . It is about Jeffrey Wigand , the Brown & Williamson executive who wanted to tell of Big Tobacco 's lies to CBS ' 60 Minutes , and that network 's refusal to air the story . Russell Crowe gives a fantastic performance that not only should be remembered at Oscar time , but should guarantee that he will become one of the top actors in the future . Al Pacino is very good -LRB- as usual -RRB- as Lowell Bergman , the renegade producer who fights with CBS and Wigand in order to save Wigand 's story . Christopher Plummer mimics Mike Wallace perfectly , and the rest of the cast are all good . But most of all , it is Michael Mann 's direction that makes this film work . It moves at a frenetic pace , and pushes the audience to feel the tension and frustration of the story . This film has not performed well financially , and that 's sad ; audiences may feel that they already know this story . That 's too bad - The Insider is a terrific film which will be remembered for years to come .
 This film , based on the true story of the Big-Tobacco whistleblower , is excellent . At the same time that it accurately portrays the key players of the story , it also creates a great cinematic atmosphere . Also , it gives a great view into how the power system of our country really works - its not all governed by `` fair play '' . No longer can the different parties involved make claims and hide behind innacurate facts - this movie impartially tells it all , from the character smear attempts and the death threats by the Tobacco companies , to the hypocritical producers of 60 Minutes.The performances in this film are also great - as Jeffrey Wigand , Russell Crowe does excellently , a truly realistic portrayal of `` The Insider '' . Al Pacino 's performance as Lowell Bergman -LRB- a 60 minutes producer -RRB- is also believable , and he really develops his character well . None of the acting is superficial - it all conveys very well exactly who the characters were , how they felt.This movie is right up there with the other great films to appear recently , such as `` American Beauty '' and `` The Green Mile '' . Everyone should see this great film - it 'll change the way you think about our nation 's system forever .
 This film dives deep into your perception of the tobbacco industry , news programs , and major decision making . No matter how you feel about the things mentioned above , this is just an unbelievable movie . Russell Crowe should have definitely won the oscar for best actor . But , besides all that , it will make you ask the question
 `` The Insider '' was the first great film I had seen at the movies last year and I had to wait until practically the very end of the year to see one . Russell Crowe gave the preformance of a lifetime as the title character and the real-life hero Jeffrey Wigand and won an Oscar nod for his work . He is certainly my favorite contemporary and one of the most believable actors to come around in a long time . Al Pacino although given top billing was somewhat shoved into the background when the reviews appeared in the papers and on tv but Christopher Plummer was given the worst shaft of all when he did n't get an Oscar nomination as supporting actor for his brilliant portrayal of `` 60 Minutes '' giant Mike Wallace . The film is easily one of my three favorite films of '99 -LRB- second only to `` American Beauty '' and followed by `` The Green Mile '' -RRB- . See it and you will not be sorry in the least . It is a great film with a stellar cast !
 In 1999 , with films pushing the envelope of storytelling -LRB- Blair Witch , Fight Club , Matrix -RRB- this compelling drama could be considered simple , but it is a remarkable feat of exposition and performance that was unsurpassed last year . Michael Mann has definitely made his best film to date , and it is a piece of storytelling that will go down with `` All The President 's Men '' as a superior journalistic drama.What can you say about Russell Crowe other than magnificent ? The reason it is so amazing is to see the other work he has done . He is so effortless in this film that anyone not familiar with his work will not realize what a stretch this is.Pacino is the anchor of this film , and he is , as always , wonderful . Ranging from funny to intense , he takes the audience through this journey and never lets us down as he tries to tell his story to the nation.Christopher Plummer was absolutely robbed of a nomination for his portrayal of Mike Wallace , bringing the different shades of nobility and compromise that Wallace must have been feeling during the entire ordeal to light . He was awesome.Final thought
 Michael Mann has delivered an engrossing , visually compelling film about a subject that could have been lifeless and boring . This story of Jeffrey Wigand , a corporate VP and scientist for the Brown & Williams tobacco company , kept me riveted to my TV screen.Wigand , played by Russell Crowe in an incredible performance , blew the whistle on Brown & Williams and their corporate policy of using cigarettes as the means to deliver altered nicotine to their customers . His decision to do so resulted in personal hardship for him and his family.The other part of this story is about Lowell Bergman , played by a surprisingly low-key Al Pacino , and how he convinced Wigand to tape an interview with Mike Wallace exposing the B&W information . When CBS realized that the story could open them to litigation , they refused to run the 60 Minutes interview.This film tells of the turmoil surrounding both Wigand and Bergman as they find out that , in big business , money sometimes overshadows integrity.This is not an overly preachy film . It delivers a message as much about personal integrity as it does about corporate greed . Wigand is portrayed as a faulty hero - at times dislikable , at others a heroic figure who just wants to do the right thing . Kind of like most of us.The DVD delivers a fine anamorphic transfer and the audio is a subtle but clean Dolby Digital 5.1 track . There are limited extras -LRB- as is the norm for most Disney studio films -RRB- but the short featurette was nice to have , as you see the real Wigand and Bergman discussing aspects of the film .
 `` The Insider '' is an excellent movie with superb acting and brilliant direction . The film does not have a single bad actor , and the performances are completely believable . You will not be sorry you watched this film -LRB- or bought it -RRB- , but be warned
 Director Michael Mann -LRB- `` The Last of the Mohicans '' and `` Heat '' -RRB- has created a sophisticated , multi-layered , social thriller which is one the most well acted and well written films in recent memory . Russell Crowe -LRB- from `` L.A. Confidential '' -RRB- plays Dr. Jeffrey Wigand , a chemist for a major tobacco company , who is fired and then is mysteriously threatened and intimidated against revealing inside information which he possess about the use of chemical enhancements for nicotine . Crowe deftly portrays a man who is both forceful , intelligent , and emotionally explosive while at the same time quirky , nave , and fearful . Crowe gives a thoroughly convincing performance as a man who is squeezed , in vice-like fashion , between preserving his family and his compulsion to tell the truth.Al Pacino , in one of the best performances of his career , plays `` 60 Minutes '' producer Lowell Bergman who coaxes Wigand to reveal what he knows , despite Wigand 's conflicted feelings about violating a corporate confidentiality agreement . In his recent roles -LRB- `` Heat , '' The Devil 's Advocate , '' and `` Scent of a Woman '' -RRB- Pacino has tended to push his characters over the top . Here he plays Bergman with just the right balance of subtlety , restraint and passion.Christopher Plummer -LRB- the father in `` The Sound of Music '' ! -RRB- is equally superb as `` 60 Minutes '' reporter Mike Wallace . Plummer 's portrayal is just the right mix of ego , wit , and self-assurance . Only in the very capable hands of Director Michael Mann could such a movie-which consists primarily of the characters talking to each other-be suspenseful , dramatic , and fresh . Mann 's use of extreme close-ups , deft editing , out-of-focus shots and hand-held cameras make for a riveting movie experience.But beyond the technical brilliance of the film , Mann -LRB- who co-wrote it -RRB- weaves into the plot and dialog larger moral and social questions such as the extent to which reporters should manipulate sources and their own colleagues to `` get the story '' and how much should be sacrificed in the search for truth . These larger issues do not seemed forced or preachy but , rather , are natural extensions of the story and dialog.While this film was shut out at the recent Academy Awards -LRB- despite 7 nominations -RRB- and did lackluster box office , it is a great movie that squarely places Michael Mann in the upper echelon of Hollywood directors . It is a movie that is clearly the equal of `` All the President 's Men '' to which it is often , and favorably , compared . -LSB- Note
 It is rare for a film to acheive the quality of this one . It is rarer still for a film of this quality to actually mean something . Russell Crowe 's performance is nothing short of mesmerizing . He completely sumberges himself in his character giving the impression that he is not acting at all . This is the mark of a great actor . Christopher Plummer is Mike Wallace , to put it bluntly , and Al Pacino 's performance is on a par with the best in his career . Mann keeps the movie going with a leisurly but suspensful pace . It never loses it 's sense of urgency.We also learn how corporate America has come to dominate this country economically and socially , even to the extent that it can control the news content -LRB- having worked in television news , I can confirm the realism of those scenes -RRB- . This movie deserves whatever awards it gets . It was the best film of 1999 without question , hesitation or doubt .
 The oscars are a sham . The pictures with the most advertising in their campaigns won the awards . Without a doubt the Best Picture of the year was `` The Insider . '' Russell Crowe 's performance is of a diferent , higher order of magnitude than Spacey 's . Pacino is so into his role and so believable that there 's a stillness . Mostly , the picture does the most dificult of things , it makes as intense the strife and conflict and tension as it must have been to live through it if you were these people . The direction and visuals are brilliant and made me feel I was in a dream , as if I was the character I was watching . The time raced by . The most important quality of this masterpiece is that it stays in your memory . I found myself thinking about for days afterward . This may be because the writers do not underestimate their audience . They 're not condescending . It felt like I was intensely living another 's life . It 's probably easier to make a drama out of physical action . To make a thriller as exciting as this out of real situations must be really hard .
 `` American Beauty '' was pretty good and deserved itsnomination but the film that should have won Best Picture this yearwas Michael Mann 's `` The Insider '' . Al Pacino is as good as ever as a producer on `` 60 Minutes '' and Russell Crowe is magnificant as a whistle blower that was a former tobacco company employee . The story revolves around Pacino fighting to get Crowe 's interview aired on `` 60 Minutes '' while Crowe 's life is being threatened by his former employers . Pacino really plays the role well and Crowe is equally as good . Crowe turned in a great performance in `` L.A. Confidential '' and in `` The Insider '' he proves that he will in time be one of the true great actors . As for Michael Mann , he has really done a fine job with this film . It 's a shame it did not win any Oscars for it truly deserved them .
 This is a dark movie about a tobacco scientist who wants to come clean , a TV producer that wants his story and all the obstacles they face
 Not always , but usually a Michael Mann-directed film means good things for movie buffs , and this is no exception.Tremendous acting highlights this movie about a behind-the-scenes look at a `` 60 Minutes '' story of a man who blows the whistle on a tobacco company . Al Pacino , as the TV show producer `` Lowell Bergman , '' Russell Crowe as the whistle-blower and tobacco scientist `` Dr. Jeffrey Wiegand , '' and Christopher Plummer as `` Mike Wallace '' all are riveting in their performances . They are intense characters , as are many of the supporting characters in this involving film.There is little action in here but a ton of tension in the first hour of this long -LRB- 158 min . -RRB- film . The story held my interest even when the tension left , thanks to the acting , the great cinematography , involving music score ... well , just about everything . It 's simply a well-done movie , similar to Mann 's `` Heat , '' except without the violence.The only negative was the obvious Liberal bias , but that 's not surprising being it 's about `` 60 Minutes . '' I was n't surprised when Ken Starr got a cheap shot , for example . This film bias could have been a lot more blatant so I 'm not complaining . Obviously , they went a overboard in their stand against the tobacco industry , repeating the same damaging scenes over and over . However , I appreciated they did n't shrink from pointing out how the network was covering its own behind even though it was hurting its most successful program.Photographer Dante Spinelli did an incredible job making this look fantastic despite the fact that there was no great scenery or exotic sets . As mentioned , this is just great film-making
 With today 's current crop of movies , it is easy to think that quality films that make you think might have gone the way of the dodo . However , The Insider is a BIG exception to the rule . Do n't let the long running time or the fact that it may seem like any other A & E documentary discourage you . This movie is potboiler that keeps you glued to the screen and howling at every the injustice of it all.One of the greatest compliments for this movie would have to be the fact that I watched it with five of my friends who could care less about current events or journalistic integrity , yet all of them sat through every single minute of it absolutely riveted to the screen.It is kind of discouraging seeing the self-censorship and the `` chilling effect '' on the media that 's taken place since the events of the film . However , the film ends on a high note and is well worth watching if you enjoy great cinema !
 This film is a gutsy portrayal of the lengths the cigarette manufacturing industry would go to , to profit from their deathserving product . Russell Crowe brilliantly portrays the `` insider '' , the `` whistle blower '' , who publicly has the courage to state how the industry is serving up deathsurreptitiously to a naive American public , despite threats against his and his family 's life by the cigarette company he had worked for . Al Pacino brilliantly portrays the representative of CBS 's 60 Minutes , whooffers the vehicle through which the `` insider '' can speak to the American public .
 The Insider has little action , little violence and little romance . And it is one of the five best movies I have seen in the past five years . It is another in a long line of great performances by Al Pacino , who -LRB- in my book -RRB- is the finest living American actor . It also is the breakout performance of Russell Crowe , who unfortunately had to compete against Kevin Spacey 's American Beauty performance , or he would have won the Oscar for his role as Jeffrey Wigand.These two actors have great chemistry in this movie about 60 Minutes producer Lowell Bergman 's -LRB- Pacino -RRB- attempt to get Wigand to come on to his show and expose his secrets about the tobacco industry . The many fits of anger the two men rage are convincing -LRB- Pacino is at his best when he is extremely angry - witness the closing scene of Scent of a Woman -RRB- . Crowe 's portrayal of Wigand 's many insecurities is masterful . These two men are on their game in this great movie and I can never turn it off when it shows up on cable -LRB- although I have the movie in VHS and DVD -RRB- . About that DVD . A disappointment because it is misleading . I thought that the DVD contained a `` making of '' documentary and audio commentary of Crowe and Pacino . Since I know the dialog of the movie , I thought the audio comments of these two great actors would be a nice little add on not found on the VHS version . So I picked it up . BEWARE - in reality , the documentary is all of about 15 minutes long -LRB- if that -RRB- and the `` audio commentary '' of Pacino and Crowe is really just snippets -LRB- probably totalling all of 2 minutes -RRB- of interviews done with them that is embedded in the documentary . No actors audio track after all . I think enough DVDs have been produced where somebody who sees `` audio commentary '' assumes a separate track . WRONG !! A great movie , a subpar DVD . See it , especially if you love 60 Minutes .
 `` The Insider '' was one of the finest films of last year and certainly the finest film nominated for best picture . What I think it demonstrates to a greater degree that any film in recent years is what courage really is . In the modern world survival is no longer predicated on physical prowess
 `` The Insider '' starring Russell Crowe and Al Pacino is a rare intellectual thriller based on real-life events from the 1990 's . You kept expecting the shooting and car chases to begin , but the story kept to pressure bearing down from all sides on the insider -LRB- a corporate whistleblower -RRB- . Both Pacino as the TV journalist and Crowe as the whistleblower give good , understated performances . The production , directed by Miami Vice veteran Michael Mann , is stylized , but seems to fit the non-physical story well . Start this one on an off-day or early in the evening , as it 's over 21/2 hours long .
 This is an excellent movie . Great acting and great cast for a great point ------ compromise the truth , and the ball of lies just keeps rolling . This is essentially a true story . Al Pacino 's character who was a real producer fighting for the truth at '60 minutes ' , says at the end of the movie
 A movie about a whistle blower in a giant tobacco firm and a producer from 60 Minutes ?! Wake me up when it 's over . I 'm sure that 's what you 're thinking . I know its what I was thinking . But then I noticed that this was a Michael Mann film , and after `` Heat '' , I 'll follow him anywhere.I beleive myself to be a true fan of film . It excites me . I want to care about the characters and what happens to them . I want to be visually enticed by the beauty of its photography . I want to have a reaction to a snappy line of a dialogue . I have rarely been as satisfied as I was upon walking out of `` The Insider . `` The words `` high drama '' sum it up perfectly . I was on the edge of my seat watching this film . Russel Crowe delivers a superb performance . His silence . His struggle . His furrowed brow . He was so subtle and so commanding at the same time . To say I cared about him is an understatement.In the year of `` American Beauty '' and `` Being John Malkovich '' you would say it would be a losing argument to say that Michael Mann deserved the oscar for best director , but I truly believe he deserved it . He creates a world all of its own . A world that I lived in without regrets for almost three hours . This film was masterfully helmed by Mann . He guides the flow of the action and the performances of the actors with such assuredness . He took the story of one nobody , one everyday man . He took his struggle and showed it to us . And most importantly , he made me care.I have seen this film -LRB- and I choose to use the word `` film '' as opposed to `` movie '' because it truly is a work of art -RRB- five times now . I will watch it again , either on my own or when I am showing it to a friend . This is a film that all should see .
 Engaging and well-performed
 This film brings together a really important story that is worth telling , some first rate actors and great direction . Al Pacino and Russell Crowe bring to the screen the true life moral dilemmas that faced Wigand and Bergman as they faced the enormous pressures of both corporate tobacco and CBS.Pacino and Crowe give excellent performances and they are a good duo , due to their opposite natures . These are men who probably would never have met in life if it had not been for the dilemma that drew them together . Pacino , as Bergman , is a scruffy little guy for whom Crowe 's leisure life on the golf course is repellent . Crowe , who gained a lot of weight for the role , plays a Kentucky scientist , who has been living the good life on the payroll of a large tobacco company . He 's on his second wife , we later learn , a beautiful Southern belle , and they enjoy a huge home with pool , and an altogether very comfortable lifestyle.When Wigand 's conscience gets the best of him and he can no longer go along with the dangerous practices that the company is perpetrating , he is fired . It 's an interesting irony that his own daughter suffers from acute asthma -- a respiratory disease . The problem is that he needs his medical insurance for her and the rest of the family , and this is threatened as he opts to tell what he knows to 60 minutes.We see Wigand as he suffers excrutiating choices as the tobacco company threatens not only to cut his severance package , but it seems that his very life and those of his family are being threatened . It 's a credit to the director that the story is told just right -- there 's a steady buildup of tension as the price this man is forced to pay in order to do what he thinks is right escalates . At one point his wife decides that the pressure is too much for her to bear , so she leaves , taking the kids with her.Russell Crowe is brilliant in his portrayal of this man . I soon forgot it was Crowe and thorougly got into the mind of Wigand . Pacino is also compelling as the street smart , big mouth New Yorker , who we see develops a real sense of caring for Wigand . Yes , Wigand is a `` commodity '' -- Bergman -LRB- Pacino -RRB- needs him for his show , but he also comes to have a genuine affection for him . I thought the scene on the lawn with the two of them , sort of awkwardly standing outside the party , after Wigand has given his testimony , was brilliant . They do n't come out and hug or say anything obvious ... both are reserved in their own way ... but the way they stand , sort of awkwardly and the looks they give each other are really moving.Christopher Plummer is also very effective as Mike Wallace . It must have been a challenge to portray such a well-known face and he did a very good job.I also want to mention the music . There were interludes of strange haunting vocals , that did n't seem to have anything logical to do with the story , but they were really effective in demonstrating the enormous pain and strain that the men were facing.As Bergman says to Crowe ... something like `` thanks for being a hero ... they are dying breed . '' And Wigand returns the complement . It 's really heartening to see such a display of heroism in our modern time.There 's a small added feature on the DVD which gives a few shots of the real Wigand and Bergman . Wigand looks a lot like the way Crowe portrayed him ... chunky and round-faced , but a lot more cheerful . He 's sporting a bright orange and red tie and looks very jolly . Of course his troubles are behind him . Bergman is shown , too , not quite a cute as Pacino , but it was still good to see him . He 's working for NPR , which got a terrible slam by the Mike Wallace character ... hmmm .
 Behind the scenes look at ruthless big business in general and the tobacco industry specifically . Makes one wonder why anyone smokes today , unless the tobacco companies have found the most addictive chemical ever to add to their products . Rather long winded storyline but rings true in the end
 `` The Insider '' focuses on Jeffrey Wigand . He is an ex research scientist from the Brown & Williamson tobacco plant . The reason he is fired , is because he finds out that the company has placed some illegal substances in their products.Lowell Bergman , a representative from 60 minutes catches wind of this and wants Jeffrey to give an interview on 60 minutes , describing what wrong Brown & Williamson company have done.Without giving out any more spoilers , I ca n't say much more about the plot.What makes this film truly an epic film is the wonderful acting by Al Pacino and Russell Crowe . Pacino gives what is truly an Oscar worthy performance.I highly recommend `` The Insider '' as it is not a simple film by any means , it requires you to think .
 If there 's one thing I hate about certain movies , it is that they are too `` black and white '' . I 'm not talking pigmentation , though , but rather the depth of the plot and characters . Life is too complicated and filled with shades of gray to be simplified at the theater , and I 'm glad `` The Insider '' does n't pander in that fashion.For a basic plot summary , this movie focuses on Jeffrey Wigand -LRB- Russell Crowe -RRB- , a former `` Big Tobacco '' scientist who must decide whether to keep the trade secrets , or blow the whistle on the most powerful business entity in the U.S. On the story is journalist Lowell Bergman -LRB- Al Pacino -RRB- , who -LRB- against his ethical code -RRB- becomes personally involved with Wigand and as such gets drawn even deeper into the business intrigue.There is nothing simple about this film
 This video `` The Insider '' is a must see for everyone who ever smoked - is smoking - knows someone who smokes - we all do . It 's a great Eye Opener about the tobacco industry . Might encourage those who still smoke to give it up !!!
 This movie tells the true story of Jeffrey Wigand , a former tobacco executive , who decided to appear on the CBS-TV News show `` 60 Minutes . '' As matter of conscience partially prodded by producer Lowell Bergman , he revealed that , the tobacco industry was not only aware that cigarettes are addictive & harmful , but deliberately worked on increasing that addictiveness . Unfortunately , both protagonists of this story learn the hard way that simply telling the truth is not enough as they struggle against both Big Tobacco 's attempts to silence them and the CBS TV Network 's own cowardly complict preference of putting money as a higher priority over the truth . This movie is slow paced but gripping for ever second it is on the screen . Pacino 's performance is accented and accentuated beautifully by Christopher Plummer 's portrayal of Mike Wallace . Surprisingly , it is Crowe that drives this movie forward , and his portrayal of Wigand is spot-on perfect . This movie is quiet , intense , and ultimately , extremely moving . Recommended .
 An Enthralling story , shot with a granular , visceral , adjusting focus-style that is popular in some of todays best shows , such as Battlestar Gallactica , and some of Micheal Mann 's more contemporary films . The acting cast deserves a standing ovation . There is n't a moment of dissapointment in this modern movie classic . More about our Media and the fragil interconnection of politics and real world , with the case of Hope , and its trumpcard effect.The real power of this film , what I most remember this film as doing well , is the build up of suspense . I mean that ! It really is a good drama , headed an actin duo , that if translated into basketball , would win championships ! And it 's a story about big tabacco . Not some sad story about something we already know , but the almost pathetic things that the tabacco companies get away with and try to control.But any good drama , would n't be good if it did not have interesting characters that we had invested some good quality time with . And this movie fleshes out a story filled with 3 dimensional characters -LRB- 3D glasses not required -RRB- , that we hope are protected in the end . Because I cared for the people in this movie , I was scared when there are noises at night , and angry when there are threats.The gutteral screams that Al Pacino explodes onto the screen are something to behold . He commands his audience like few other can . He is the primal expression that we need , because otherwise , this story would be plastic wrapped . It would be another cold court case , that leaves you feeling starilized and unwelcomed .
 Watch this film for Russel Crowe 's amazing transformation in to Jeffrey Wigand , a scientist and family man tortured with the knowledge that he helped cover up evidence of the disasterous health effects of cigarettes for the tobacco industry . It took me a good 10 minutes to realize that the man on the screen was indeed Crowe - he inhabited his character that well.Also watch this film because it is a rare Pacino role of the last 10 years where he was n't just playing himself . The scenes with Pacino and Crowe make you feel that you are watching two real people trying to expose a massive coverup while protecting what they hold dear , and not just two big name Hollywood stars.The film does run pretty long , but you will be rewarded by two great performances with a number of excellent cameos . Not to mention the evocative imagery and mood created by Michael Mann .
 If there ever was a list of utterly absorbing films , this would be right up there . What a riveting piece of drama , from Lisa Gerrard 's haunting score to the mesmerizing cinematography of Mike Mann in form.Al Pacino and Russel Crowe have such intensity you almost feel your veins pop . The conspiracy theory tinged sub-themes are thrillers as it is -LRB- big network , big tyke tobacco players , big journalist , strong-arm tactics of corporations , marital relations amidst stressful jobs , etc. -RRB- but their rendition in the immaculate screenplay make them even more powerful!A word about the DVD . Although it has a couple of interesting extras , including glimpses of some of the real characters , the DD 5.1-only soundtrack is a tad disappointing . Except for a couple of early scenes , one in a cafeteria and one with rain , there is virtually no sound in the rear channels . Not up to today 's standards for 5.1 sound . Hopefully a newer version of the DVD would have a better transfer.Regardless of the minor gripe , the film itself is fantastic . I 'd recommend this as a library item in a blink .
 Michael Mann has directed so many great films -- The Last of the Mohicans and my personal favorite , Heat -LRB- also with Pacino -RRB- -- was finally acknowledged for his work with this fantastic piece of film about a whistle-blower who has information that would expose big trouble for Big Tobacco.Al Pacino is convincing yet again as 60 Minutes producer Lowell Bergman , and should have switched spots in the Nominations chair at the Oscars and all those other fake Awards shows with Russell Crowe 's in many ways equal performance as insider Jeffrey Wigand . The real acting that should have been recognized in this movie is Christopher Plummer 's dead-on impersonation of 60 Minutes anchor Mike Wallace , whose towering , booming voice dominates this movie.There are three reasons the unknowing viewer would not watch this riveting movie
 I just saw this movie on video for the first time ... and I 'm wondering ... why did n't it get more mainstream press and a huge publicity campaign?After all is said and done , I believe this film will rank among the top 100 of all time for several reasons .1 -RRB- The story is compelling and gives the public a glimpse into the true power structure of our country . -LRB- 2 -RRB- The writing is excellent . The movie 's characters are highly intelligent people with great communication skills . The writers did a marvelous job in getting this fact across to the audience . -LRB- 3 -RRB- Pacino 's work should be required research material for anyone who wants to act OR be a journalist . He 's at the top of his game here . -LRB- 4 -RRB- The 60 Minutes Interview was the beginning of the end for big tobacco . Twenty years from now , that interview will be remembered as one of the most important events in corporate history.This is a great film on a lot of levels.Enjoy !
 Well , it 's official . Michael Mann has now become one of my favorite directors . He has directed three of my favorite films
 One of the most important stories of the 20th century.It did n't just change ` big tobacco ' . It changed corporate ethics . Just look at the more ethical behaviour of ` big alcohol ' today and you can trace its roots to the story of The Insider . It is an education to everyone in business . The events re-established the independence and proper role of the press as one of the pillars of civilised society.Consumers world wide owe a great debt to Dr. Geoffrey Wigand , -LRB- the whistle blower -RRB- and Lowell Bergman , -LRB- the 60 Minutes producer -RRB- . Two men who put their careers , even their lives on the line for an ethical principle and in defence of society . There are few such men or women . Their example should be emulated by all.One of the best films of the 20th century . Such a story deserves excellence in its telling . Sharpe , it keeps you on the edge of your seat . Appropriately dramatised , the characterisation is convincing . This is not just a simple linear story , but multi-layered . To see the layers you need to watch it more than once . One layer missed by most reviewers is the contrast between the wives of the two men . One understanding and supporting , the other self-interested . The inevitable consequences are shown . How true to life we do not know , but that back story is worthy of its inclusion . If you want to learn the craft of story telling , be it in print radio or film , then learn from The Insider . Thanks to Michael Mann , Russell Crow and Al Pacino for its brilliant telling.This is a story that should be known world-wide . A film that should be watched world-wide again and again . It is perfection is social education . A griping tale that teaches us all how to behave.Dr . Wigand and Mr. Bergman , I salute you.just Jack
 `` The Insider '' is one of the most incendiary movies of the 90 's . The movie is based on a magazine article , and for the most part the movie follows the article very accurately . The acting is incredible , except for the fact that Pacino may have wanted to tone down his performance as Bergman . The story itself is really a heroic story . Both Wigand and Bergman desparately want to do the right thing , but are constantly foiled by corporate greed . The companies in the movie -LRB- Brown & Williamson and CBS -RRB- also want to do the right thing but they do it under the purview of corporate responsibility . However , we should not forget what this movie is really about . It is about how the cigarette industry has manufactured a product that has lead to the death of millions of Americans . What Wigand revealed was that the tobacco companies manipulated their product with a known carcinogen . Director Michael Mann directs this movie with the serious intensity that it is due . One of the scenes that sticks out in my mind is where Wigand is being driven to his deposition in Mississippi . On one side of the motorcade is a graveyard , obviously representing death , and on the other side is the sea arguably representing life . Thus , we should know that this movie is really about life and death , and the decisions that people make that influence the lives of millions of Americans .
 Director
 The Insider is Russell Crowe 's precursor to the Gladiator . Watching Crowe in Insider and the Gladiator is a true display of the brilliance of this young actor . The Insider brings you two of the best actors in history in Al Pacino , my selection for the # 4 spot of best actors of all time . -LRB- Crowe , although still needing more films under his belt , comes in at # 20 . -RRB- The Insider shows how corporate profit out weight the well-being of the people . Knowing their product -LRB- tobacco -RRB- is habit forming and deadly , the giants use everything within their means to crush and discredit the informer and attempt to control the media . As a member of the media , it is embarrassing to see how CBS coward under pressure only to have Bergman and Wigand push harder to do the honorable thing . They will bring the evidence to the public . The Insider is well written and the acting from all including Christopher Plummer is fantastic . The script and Michael Mann 's direction is great , no surprise it received 7 Academy Award nominations including best picture . This movie is a keepsake , not since Heat and the Godfather have moviegoers had the opportunity to see two of the best actors in film together .
 After his last great movie Heat , Michael has made another fantastic film . The Insider does take some liberties with the facts , but that does n't matter one bit . When two heavy-hitters like Russell Crowe and Al Pacino get to square off , that alone makes it worth-watching . Michael has composed a riveting suspense film , which made me forget my life for 2 hours , and I did n't look at my watch once , the true litmus test for how good a movie is . The story is tightly written , with no dull spots , and excellent character development . The acting is completely flawless . Russell Crowe is positively phenomenal , he gets all the mannerisms of his character down , and I actually cared about what happened to him . Al Pacino just gives another in a long line of great performances , as the 60 minutes producer . I have always loved Mann because he is a stylistic magnificent director , as showcased here . I especially liked the driving range scene , great stuff . Combined with Dante Spinotti 's camerawork , which is also incredible , the picture is technically excellent . The conclusion of the review will go like this , there is no reason not to see it , it has big stars , a great director , and is entertaining . Not much more needs to be said .
 There are several times in someones life when they feel that they have been wronged . During this time , everyone wants to feel justice and rightfully so . If you have never had your chance , this movie will give you that inspiration that you need in order to continue the struggle.While this movie is an actual portrayal of events surrounding the tobacco litigation , the movie by itself is wonderful . The script is strategically written in order to demonstrate the frustrations that went on behind the scenes . Al Pacino gives another great performance that will be added to his career as one of the best , not forgetting The Godfather triliogy . Russle Crowe 's performance should have been awarded with an Oscar for this performance , and not for his role in Gladiator.As a law student , this is the exact reason why I want to be a lawyer - to see that justice is done , regardless of the circumstances!This movie will make you think , and hopefully angry , about how business , society , and people operate in the world that we live in . You have to see it , if for no other reason , because it depicts what America should be like !
 I truly think this is a great film . I do n't say that often . Sitting down and watching and feeling this movie is an experience.I should have known Michael Mann directed . I was a great fan of Miami Vice many moons ago , and did n't realize until halfway through the Insider that Mann was responsible . But it made sense -- the music plays such a crucial role . Mann succeeds at creating a psychological , mood film that is quite riveting to me . I really do n't want to get long-winded about all the wonderful , wonderful scenes -LRB- hotel room , golf range , CBS offices , outside Wigand 's house at night , the long parade of cars going to the deposition , Wigand 's return from the deposition , on and on ... -RRB- . I think this movie is perfect from beginning to end . Pacino 's hair-raising speech , `` are we newsmen or businessmen ? '' is priceless and Russell Crowe , is , as I 've come to see after watching many of his films now , an absolutely brilliant actor . Brilliant , brilliant , brilliant!Sit down , get quiet , and watch this movie -- really watch it . Take the time to enjoy a visual and auditory feast .
 This was a great film , with a great cast , and great acting . This was another outstanding performance by Al Pacino and Russell Crowe .
 Dante Spinotti , who was also behind the visuals on Heat , is amazing . The Insider , as a trained cinematographer , is one of the best and inventively shot films I have seen in a long time.As well , Michael Mann does an amazing job overall , of directing these two fine actors . He also is one a director I hold in the highest esteem.Whatch this one - do not let the synopsis prevent you from seeing it because you 're afraid it may be `` boring '' . Give it a chance and you will find it to be very exciting and full of both energy and touching moments.Absolutely outstanding . Crowe deserved `` Best Actor '' for this , and Mann `` Best Director '' at the Oscars .
 russell crowe was astounding ... . breathtaking . The music for the film was superb.I do n't want to say anything else about it except ... . see it ... . see it now .
 Succinctly , one of the finest acting performances ever , by both Crowe and Pacino . Definately beats American Beauty in every category . Aside from the fact Russell gained 40 pounds for this movie , he even perfected the few lines he says in Japanese . Russell definately protrays the smoldering rage and indignation his character feels over what has happened and continues to happen to him . Particulary of interest is the wide range of emotions and expressions Russell protrays . This was deinfately the movie that made me a Russell Crowe fan -LRB- even with 40 extra pounds ! -RRB- . The inside look at the politics behind CBS 's decisions is informative , and frustrating . Highly recommended for viewers who appreciate plot and excellent acting . It 's long length does n't make it a good choice for those who want quick , fun , visual entertainment .
 The Insider is a first rate movie with great performances from Al Pacino and Russell Crowe . The movie is about the man who blew the whistle on the Tobacco industry . It makes for a gripping tale in which justice prevails . It most definitely features as one of my personal favorites . I generaly only dont ' t watch movies a second time but this one has had repeated viewings .
 This is a complex and political story about the ` fall ' of the big tobacco companies at the hands of an ` insider ' ex-executive . To me the greatness of this story is inside his mind . How he tries to weigh his options and understand what his fate will be . These decisions are complicated far further by his dedication to family , the loss of his marriage , loss of financial standing , fear for his children 's future , so much more . The story is so rich it is beyond belief . Major credit to the actors and director ! Worth seeing .
 This is amazing . Russel just gets better and better -- from The Sum of Us to LA Confidential to this . I found it better than American Beauty which won the Oscar . Buy it !
 I did not have the opportunity to watch this movie in theaters when it came out , but later I rented it and found myself surprised that this did not win Best Picture at the Academy Awards . The Insider , based on a true story , is a powerful -LRB- and somewhat cliched -RRB- tale of a man risking everything to do what is right.The story focuses on Dr. Jeffrey Wigand -LRB- Crowe -RRB- , a former vice president of research and development at Brown and Williamson , and 60 Minutes producer Lowell Bergman -LRB- Pacino -RRB- , who tries to get him to violate his confidentiality agreement and expose his former employer . The acting is excellent , with Crowe almost flawlessly performing his role as a `` regular guy '' caught in the crossfire , and Pacino is perfectly suited for the role of the journalist doing everything he can to get the exclusive that would bring some of the highest ratings ever for a news show.Combined with the brilliant performances is the extraodinary cinematograph , which features filming with a hand-held camera , which adds greatly to the atmosphere of the movie.If you 're one of the many people like me who missed this spectacle in theaters , do yourself a favor and rent this movie now . You wo n't regret it .
 One of the most interesting interesting movies ever about the `` whistleblower '' who really set things off track for the tobacco business . Its all about what happens in his life and the decisions he makes and what he does . And the lawyers that support him . It will keep you sitting on the edge of your seat the whole time . At times you will be mad at the guy and at others you will feel really sad for him . Very realistic and depressing at times . Great movie , one of the years best easily . BUY IT !
 It was just pure coincidence that I re-watched LA Confidential two days before I watched The Insider . Maybe that was the reason why I was too focused on Russell Crowe 's performance . It was amazing ! The film was a parade of outstanding performances including , Christopher Plummer.Mainly I enjoyed every minute , catching up the details of the performances of the actors , with the beauty of the soundtrack and the strength of the script . I even liked the slow motion effects . This is one of the best films I 've seen in the past year.I still smoke though ...
 After renting The Insider from the video store , I had to own this DVD . Strong performances by Pacino , and Christopher Plummer was fantastic as Wallace . And it carries a real good message . A lot F. . . 's which I do n't and did n't particularly like , because for one thing I think it would be a great film to show teens to reinforce the notions of integrity . But , I know , `` realism '' and all that .
 Okay , just too let you know ahead of time , this is NOT a sterotypical summer blockbuster . Nothing blows up , CGI monsters do not threaten the planet , Al Pacino does n't get to kill anybody , and there 's no Will Smith song in the credits.There , now that 's out of the way , THIS IS A GREAT MOVIE . Al Pacino gives a more restrained and disciplined performance than we 've seen in other recent displays , and it 's stunning . Russel Crowe gives the best performance of his career and possibly the best performance of the year . Michael Mann 's direction is , as always , slick , atmospheric , and never condescending . He does n't cater to the audience by spelling out every little detail , he forces you to make some of the judgements for yourself that a lesser director may have turned messy in their explanation.The plot is complex and always twisting , but never tedious -LRB- unless of course your LOOKING for the afore mentioned `` blockbuster traits '' -RRB- . It involves Crowe as a tobacco corporation health researcher who is fired after refusing to take part in the controversial cover-up and exploitaton of a new cigarette drug additive that would boost sales but endanger lives . When his former employers begin delivering alomst mob-esque threats , Crowe gives his story , and a tell-all interview , to Lowell Bergman -LRB- Pacino -RRB- of 60 Minutes , only for both of them to find that if they air these facts , CBS could face a billion-dollar lawsuit from the tobacco corps through a loophole in Crowe 's Confidentiality Contract.I do n't do such a great job of explaining really , so check it out ! Just take my word for it , great movie !
 At just over 21/2 hours , there is not a single moment wasted in this amazing picture . I 've probably watched it five times now , and each time I see it I see new things and gain more appreciation for every aspect of this movie.As you probably already know , this is a film about a man who blows the whistle on Big Tobacco , putting his entire life as he knows it into complete turmoil . Russell Crowe does a superb job transforming himself into Jeffrey Wigand , commendably acting against Al Pacino , who really is doing what he always does , but here it works perfectly . Watching him take total charge of each moral argument he is forced to confront is really a blast.The camerawork is superb -- every shot has purpose and meaning , and usually is visually exciting in some way or another , right down to simply watching a character move through a hallway . The choice of settings and lighting are constantly pleasing and noteworthy . Even the use of the hand-held camera a la NYPD Blue , a technique that I usually find completely annoying , was appropriate and integrated nearly seamlessly into the general flow of images.Finally , the music is done in the same manner as in Heat , another Mann film , in the form of mostly already composed pieces by already known artists . Mann employs a wide range of artists in his general montage -- the ones I noticed outright were Lisa Gerrard , Einsturzende Neubauten , and Massive Attack in the closing scene in a trip-hop pulse that fits the whole wrap up perfectly.Even with the serious nature of the subject matter I have been able to watch this movie over and over , and I will continue to pull it out and share it with whoever will watch .
 Let me preface this review by saying that `` The Insider '' is the only DVD in my collection that I purchased WITHOUT having seen the film beforehand . The reasons ? Michael Mann , Al Pacino and Russell Crowe . With names like these credited to a motion picture , it 's almost a ca n't - miss situation.I was n't disappointed . Many people seem put off by the film 's overlength . I say if the movie has you in it 's grasp dramatically then it 's more for your money ... Russell Crowe is absolutely rivetting as the flawed protagonist . He expresses more with his facial expressions and subtle eye movements than most actors can by screaming dialogue and flailing their arms about . There is a priceless scene towards the end where a scruffy , pathetic Wigand comes undone in a hotel room - ethereal , haunting and compelling.The always-dependable Al Pacino complements Crowe 's implosive performance with his own passionate portrayal of 60-minutes producer Lowell Bergman . Pacino 's Bergman struggles hard against forces aligned against journalistic integrity
 A gripping film depicting the terrible cost paid by those who dare to expose the underhanded tactics perpetrated by the tobacco industry . Pacino and Crowe are excellent in the leading roles . This is one of Pacino 's best performances . A film well-worth seeing .
 Many times , the resolution to a problematic situation is seemingly as easy as simply knowing right from wrong , and acting upon it . The sub-text of the problem , however , is often more complex ; especially when the onerous decision of personal sacrifice is involved . Such is the situation explored in `` The Insider , '' a powerful drama directed by Michael Mann and starring Al Pacino and Russell Crowe . Based on the true story of Dr. Jeffrey Wigand -LRB- Crowe -RRB- , a former Corporate Vice President of one of the major tobacco companies , it examines his struggle to act in accordance with his own conscience after circumstances put him together with Lowell Bergman -LRB- Pacino -RRB- , a producer for Mike Wallace -LRB- Christopher Plummer -RRB- and the highly respected television news program , `` 60 Minutes . '' On the surface , Wigand 's conundrum seems easily dispelled ; as a research scientist involved with matters of health , he has vital information concerning the addictive nature of nicotine and , moreover , the attempt by the company for which he worked to enhance the consumers propensity for it by manipulating the ingredients of their product . Under oath -LRB- and televised on C-SPAN -RRB- , the CEO 's of the seven major tobacco corporations testified , to a man , that to their knowledge nicotine was not addictive ; but Wigand knows otherwise . And by claiming ignorance of the properties of nicotine , they subverted the truth even more by refuting what Wigand knew to be what they considered their real business
 It is very concievable that a lot of people would dislike this film . After all , a three hour legal drama starring Al Pacino bellowing his lungs out is probably not most viewers idea of a day at the beach . None the less , I found the Insider to be a very compelling film that is elevated above other movies by its truly great performances.The Insider is actually two very different movies that are expertly woven into one . One plot is about a tobacco employee -LRB- Russell Crowe -RRB- who decides to violate his contract and reveal top-secret information about his company . He discovers the cigarettes he is helping to produce are deadlier than he suspected and he feels responsible to make this fact public . The second story is an exploration of media ethics . Al Pacino plays a 60 minutes producer who wrangles with television execs about the dilemma of airing Russell Crowe 's confessions.Not only is the Insider just a legal drama , but it 's also a thriller and an involving exploration of ethics . Russell Crowe , who is nominated for the film -LRB- deservedly so -RRB- turns in a flawless performance that compliments Al Pacino 's usual over the top style . The best performance here however is given by Christopher Plummer who plays Mike Wallace , a host of 60 minutes . His performance is so great that it truly baffles me how it was ignored at the oscars.Occaisonally The Insider does seem long winded and in need of editing . The suspense aspect too often fizzles just as it is getting interesting . Russell Crowe 's life is actually threatened by the words `` we will kill you '' but within a scene or two the viewer will forget that it was ever a part of the movie.Overall The Insider is impressive , if overlong , which is worth seeing ultimately because it is the best acted movie of the year . If you enjoyed Michael Mann 's previous film `` Heat '' then you probably will be able to sit through and enjoy The Insider . If you found that one to be long and tedious then this will not be a film for you .
 If you 're looking for a riveting movie that will keep you glued to your set through the entire performance , this is it.Pacino and crowe are at their best as the two men take on two corporate giants .
 Its not easy being a whistle blower , especially when you are blowing the whistle on the tobacco company who by the way looked so slimmy and evil in this movie . . well crow 's character , wigand did just that ... suffered and lost everything in the process . . or did he ? Thinking that this is news worthy info that America should know . . he gets indirectly involved with unsavory corporate news broadcasters ... talk about bad karma It is a great movie , makes one think if those smoking prevention commercials for teens are a direct result of wigand 's disclosure about tobacco companies and what news networks omit by choice . . go see this movie and figure it out !
 The acting in this film is amazing . Al Pacino , Christopher Plummer , and especially Russel Crowe do a terrific job in their characters . Michael Mann put together a fantastic movie . There are also some good cameos from Debi Mazar and Gina Gershon . Do n't ask any question , just go and see it .
 `` The Insider '' marks somewhat of a departure for Michael Mann , whose usual bill of fare is tightly wound , psychological crime dramas such as `` Thief '' and `` Heat '' on the big screen and shows such as `` Miami Vice '' , `` Crime Story '' , and the shamefully overlooked `` Private Eye '' on television.The movie portrays the trials and tribulations of Jeffrey Wiegand , a fired tobacco company researcher who violates a confidentiality agreement with his employer at the behest of a `` 60 Minutes '' producer out for a story . Be warned
 One man fighting a copreate lawsuit that thretans the one thing he holds dear his life and his family.Based on the suit on the tabacco industry Wyland the man that is being thretened by the tobacco industry.Al Pachino is the only man willing to fight for the truth in this very electrifying film an intense performance by Russel Crowe who was nominated for an award for his acting performance.This DVD offers and look into this electrifying film and the making of this academynominated film an incredible film by michael mann .
 For a fundamentally misleading work , Michael Mann 's The Insider is striking , sometimes searing experience . Sitting engulfed in the cold inferno that propels the narrative is never less than compelling . When it came out I was gladdened by the almost universally positive notices it garnered . But I was also left with a sense of unease . The Insider was being praised for all the wrong reasons ; as an expose of Big Tobacco , a critique of corporate malfeasance , commentary on the conflict of a profit motivated media . Mann 's picture poses as tract on all of the above and emerges an unremarkable pamphlet . That 's a shame . Film criticism completes a film , explores it , engages it in a dialectic ; only at its lowest level is it a score card to guide the masses to the multiplexes . The dumb approval of Mann 's melancholy aria was something like a dismissal.If anything Mann is soft on his primary target , CBS news . American mass media is a grotesque monster ; a mechanized beast peddling sellable bigotry because the persistent anxiety that generates grabs more attention and keeps more people `` tuned in '' . It , or rather they , do this with an audacity that somehow never finds inches or air time for simple facts that disrupt the noisy harangues they sell as news . The Insider accepts the sanctimonious blowhards of 60 minutes as people with ideals of integrity who are well outside this culture and are only temporarily compromised by corporate pressure . This is not a `` media expose '' . As for Big Tobacco , well , taking them on in the court of public opinion is not a brave choice -LRB- as opposed taking them on legally which , as evinced here , can be quite hazardous -RRB- . Besides , it is doubtful that the urbane and intense author of Heat and Thief has suddenly decided to dedicate his work to the already effective efforts of the moralistic nanny state , majority alliance for healthful coercion.Once the fog of `` issues '' is cleared , The Insider becomes the film implied by its individual properties ; the metallic cinematography , Lisa Gerrard 's longing , desolate vocals on the soundtrack , the intense medium close-ups of the etched expressions of the middle-aged actors . The characters had been alive before the events of the film 's narrative , and the accumulated weight of years of anxious compromise are immediately visible in the domestic scenes which blend the voyeuristic familiarity of the popular handheld technique with icy color tones held for long takes . These scenes are punctuated with scant , hesitant dialogue . The camera 's intrusiveness finds only silence and loneliness.The film is far more pessimistic than is apparent on its superficial `` issue '' level . It gets mileage out of the Al Pacino 's former radical turned honest professional . But consider the character closely and you 'll find that his triumph comes only after he accepts his own helplessness in the larger scheme of things . When he 's told that towards the end that he won , he agrees only to add , `` What did I win ? '' It 's as if the elaborate machinations of the case , the entire elaborate narrative have been helpfully concealing a great dread that must be faced once those events resolve themselves , be that with success of failure . This dread is even more evident in the Crowe character , whose life , pictured briefly before the media storm at the center of this narrative , is a bourgeois existence drained of joy or purpose . One should not forget that is he who sets these events in motion as a `` man of science '' who took the money , the car , and the benefits . The fact that he sold out to the tobacco industry rather than a more neutral but equally anonymous corporate colossus is significant , but ultimately secondary.That this is a better film at the character level than at the grand level of political discourse should come as no surprise . The dissection of The Insider binds it to another of Michael Mann 's films , 1995 's Heat . Indeed the qualities that make The Insider a good film are the same ones that made Heat a great one . The characters in both films are engaged in complex plans to change their quietly painful solitude only to find themselves bound to it , as much by their inability to communicate as by the inert urban wastelands that surrounds them.Transplanting the theme of existential loneliness from a crime picture to a legal one could have intensified audience identification with the characters ; instead it allowed some of the empathy to be channeled into worthy abstractions about big tobacco and the press . This is not an argument against the `` issue '' picture ; it 's just that Mann 's films are that much more powerful when the sum of the parts is not determined beforehand -LRB- notice the odd outcome of his Ali biopic where he was tied down by biographical baggage -RRB- . The picture does arouse great sympathy for the Crowe character caught in a frightening , corporately guided bureaucracy that makes this almost the humane version of Kafka 's The Trial . Like Kafka , Mann seems to be , in this age of post-modern artistic cowardice , a modernist looking for a perspective of the urban system he sketches . Unlike Kafka -LRB- or Kubrick , who should have filmed Kafka -RRB- Mann 's is not detached enough to make the grand issue picture . As this fine film demonstrates , and as Heat did so well before it , Mann 's urban wasteland retains a humanity that is conspicuous by its absence within the frame . But it is always palpable , threatening to burst into violence .
 Excellent mivie -LRB- DVD -RRB- it shows just how low big tobacco goes . They would do anything to feed their greed .
 Quick camera movements and hushed dialog heighten the claustrophobia and paranoia faced by Russel Crowe , the putative hero of `` The Insider '' . When the story starts , Wigand is a well-paid research scientist for a cigarette manufacturer . Wigand 's manicured home , family and life mirror his life , but when the flick opens , we have the sense that it 's already over for him . He 's clearly had enough of the cigarette industry , but knows he could lose a severance package negotiated to keep him silent about the workings of his ex-employer 's marketing tactics . Al Pacino as Lowell Bergman , a producer for 60 Minutes proves , at about the same time , that he 's not afraid to put his personal safety on the line for the story . Christopher Plummer is a surprisingly effective Mike Wallace . In the `` Insider '' , they come together in a sort of manipulative morality tale about corporate greed and nicotine . Though there 's no secret about the health risks of chain smoking , Wigand threatens to expose the industry 's attempts to make cigarettes more addictive.Unfortunately , Wigand 's attempts to expose his former employers - through both legal action and through an expose on `` 60 Minutes '' runs into obstruction by the industry . Losing his severance package and soon his pretty family , Wigand 's life is soon turned upside down . On Bergman 's end , his efforts to air Wigand 's expose are morphed from a complex story involving well-meaning journalists rendered powerless by questionable law - into a simpler story of noble journalist Davids against the might of corporate Goliaths -LRB- the flick shamelessly touts `` corporate '' as if it were a profane word , as in `` did CBS News cave in to CBS Corporate ? '' -RRB- . Mike Wallace and Don Hewitt , who probably had no power to resist CBS 's initial ban against the Wigand story , are now seen as craven corporate lackeys -LRB- Wallace , who is fearless in the face of an Hizbollah bigwig early in the movie , cowers at the thought that he may be reduced to doing NPR if he disobeys orders -RRB- . Played by Pacino , Bergman is the hero here -LRB- the script seems to credit him for leaking the banned story to the print media , even though WSJ is credited with doing it themselves -RRB- , while Wigand is well meaning to the point of martyrdom.Unfortunately , this account of dirty tricks and cigarette makers is undone by its own murky paranoia - just how does `` Big Tobacco '' manage to hold onto their political power the way nicotine holds onto smokers ? Least convincing is speed with which the editorial staff at `` 60 Minutes '' caves into corporate pressure to dump the story . It 's never really explained how guys who regularly face-off against government bureaucrats , corporate honchos and terrorist leaders in the darkest corners of the new century crumble like a house of cards before big tobacco . There 's a huge moral dilemma that never makes it to the story.For all its murkiness , the film remains evocative and irresistible - great scenes , like Crowe 's epiphany in a hotel room , and Pacino 's giving a hotel attendant long-distance instruction in the art of talking like Al Pacino . Much of the dialog sounds like a collection of newspaper blurbs , but the story 's focus and some unforgettable acting make the insider a story you just ca n't get yourself out of .
 This is how interesting and attention grabbing The Insider is . I saw the microphone on its boom bob into the top of frame in three seperate scenes . Once it popped in twice in one scene . At the cinema , the woman in the seat three to my left practically lept up and yelled `` look theres the microphone '' . As it was I was distracted by her pointing each time . It did n't matter , the movie was great anyway . I said to myself it gives it that documentary feel a true story has . As it turns out not everything in the film is true and Mr. Wigand 's ex-wife has made public her disagreement with the way events surrounding the break up of their relationship as depicted in the movie . Plus there were no death threats . That as it maybe , the sense of being on edge is terrifically conveyed by Russell Crowes performance . The issues are somewhat technical but the crux is that Crowe 's character could have done jail time for breaking a contract . Though I think lawyers would be glad to stop him in any way they could . There were attempts at a smear campaign and theres a crucial scene at the deposition of Crowe 's character when the lawyers start shouting . Not the best formula for justice . If legal matters , politics or watching current affairs excite you and you 'd like to see more then this is a film for you . If you 've broken a contract and are awaiting a decision which will affect your fate then take heart from this but be warned.Michael Mann is a winner . He can make drama and then some , I was really hooked by this movie . Al Pacino gets a home run also and Christopher Plummer delivers convincingly . Full marks to all involved except the sound boom operator but this movie is so good I can forgive that .
 This movie was interesting right from the beginning . I love stories based on fact , so I was ready to get into it . I did , but I have to confess that towards the end I was wishing it would end already . And I hate to have those thoughts watching a movie.Russell Crowe deserved an Oscar nomination for his portrayal of Jeffrey Wigand . The tension and quiet , dignified torment he conveyed was palpable . I began to worry about him . Would he commit suicide or not ? I felt sorry for him , but I also wondered if it was worth it . Personally , I do n't consider tobacco companies the biggest evil in the world . If someone wants to smoke and risk their health , I think it is their own business . Tobacco companies do n't force anyone to start smoking . They do n't force anyone to keep smoking . Sure , cigarettes with their ingredients can be addictive , but so is sugar . Want to talk about a real problem in this country ? Obesity is a problem.Christopher Plummer was also great as Mike Wallace . I thought he had the mannerisms down very well . Al Pacino -LRB- Lowell Bergman -RRB- has always been a good actor himself . I saw a comparison to `` All The President 's Men '' with this movie . The only time it reminded me of `` All The President 's Men '' was when Al Pacino meets the New York Times -LRB- ? -RRB- reporter at night to exchange information.One thing that got on my nerves was the music . I only noticed it half-way through and at the end . It was a voice singing notes , with no words . It reminded me of an old Saturday Night Live skit where this guy is going crazy with the same kind of voice . He hunts down the voice and its a woman in a room singing like she 's insane . I could have done without that effect.Overall , its a well made , intense movie . Just alittle too long .
 What a movie , I did n't catch it at the cinema , but now that I own my own DVD copy I feel better for it.Now I know why Russell Crowe was nominated ! he simply outshines the rest of the cast.This is one guy to watch out for in the future , may his star blaze in the Hollywood sky .
 While this movie is many things , I really enjoyed how it looked at the corporate media 's susceptibility to corruption from outside sources . If you found this intriguing as well , I suggest reading `` The Media Monopoly '' by Ben Bagdikian , for a more concise look at how corporate interests feed us the news as they see fit . By the way , Russell Crowe and Al Pacino were both fantastic . A must see .
 Before the Academy Awards program this Spring , I had only seen the movie `` American Beauty '' . I vowed after the awards to see some of the other movies included in various categories.The first movie I picked up for my new DVD player was the film , `` The Insider '' . Russell Crowe , with whom I first became acquainted in `` L.A. Confidential '' , is positively Deniro like in his depiction of the major protagonist . Crowe 's performance was much meatier than the Best actor performance of Kevin Spacey in American Beauty . The film itself was also far superior to `` American Beauty '' . Michael Mann delivers here as he did in the movie `` Manhunter '' where we first meet the infamous Dr. Hannibal Lector . Why this crew did n't receive its `` props '' from the established motion picture industry I 'll never understand -LRB- tongue in cheek -RRB- . Of course we know that the answer really is that `` Hollywood '' like the tabacco industry is quite happy to avoid controversy when it serves big business ` interests . `` The Insider is a great motion picture ; and the actors ' performances are riviting.big business interests . The Insider is a great motion picture with riveting performances by all of the actors .
 The film is amazing , that 's for sure . Some people say it 's too long and stuff but I think that 's stupid . It has to be long . Nothing is out of action . And what about Russel Crowe ? He showed the best performance in the year cheek by jowl with Denzel Washington . Anyone upbraiding this film is wrong .
 I ca n't get this film or its subject out of my mind . Maybe it 's because as a health care worker I see the devastating effects of tobacco every day in my patients . The pain and suffering it causes make Dr. Wigand 's cause noble and worth the price he paid to bring tobacco companies out in the open . I know that some of the facts have been Hollywoodized for the film but that does n't diminish its power , . If you have ever doubted the power of Big Tobacco this film will convince you otherwise . It is the only product that when used as directed kills people . Splendid work by Mr. Crowe , who should have won this year 's Oscar . Should be required viewing for anyone who treats smokers .
 Very good movie . The scenes are shot very well , with brilliant color , and it is very lifelike . Russell Crowe gives a great performance , even though he does n't act exactly like Dr. Wigand did . The story is very compelling and interesting , which was hard to do since I have kept up to date with it . I guess I am biased because I was a student of his for 3 of the 31/2 years he was there , but it was still a very good movie . Anyway , it is a great mostly-true story that is well written , well directed , and just plain good . I would recommend it for everyone , even smokers .
 This is a great movie starring russell crowe and al pacino . It was well worthy of it 's oscar nomination for best picture . The movie builds with tension as the it moves along . The DVD has some great features and great picture quality . The movie is over 2 hours but as with any great film time is not an issue . This is well worth the money to buy .
 Al Pacino and Rusell Crowe gave the performances of their career in the highly captivating Insider by Micheal Mann . Definate Best picture material in my mind . Based on a ture story the Insider did not fail to keep me in my seat . The drama about a tobacco insider who knows the secret of nicotine and how addictive it can be , who was released from the company but could n't tell his stroy due to a confidentiality agreement that he signed with the company . One of the best movies of 1999 . A Definate Must See ! ** Bri 's Movie Reviews can be found for Most Hollywood New Releases ***
 THE INSIDER is so many things at once that it becomes hard to catalog them . It is , at the same time , a movie about two men who fight against the system and large corporations , a semi-historical account of the real life whistle blower who brought down the tobacco industry with the help of an intrepid news reporter and news agency , an examination of ordinary characters made into heroes by extraordinary pressures , and an exploration of journalistic ethics . At a little over two and one half hours , director Michael Mann manages to squeeze everything into a tightly woven film that delivers everything it promises.The film opens up on a disconcerting image of cloth , only to realize that it is a head covering over the face of a man being escorted by armed soldiers through the dangerous streets of Lebanon . Who is the masked man ? Where are they taking him ? Finally , they reach their destination and the masked man is seated in a chair before Hezbollah leader , Sheikh Fadlallah . The meeting is about a possible interview between the Sheikh and 60 Minutes anchor , Mike Wallace . Despite his dangerous circumstances , the masked man is surprisingly bold in the negotiations and manages to secure the interview . The masked man is soon revealed to be none other than 60 Minutes produces , Lowell Bergman -LRB- Al Pacino -RRB- . Meanwhile , a tired executive makes his way home in an unexplained daze . We later find out that he is Jeffrey Wigand -LRB- Russell Crowe -RRB- , a former head of research and development at tobacco giant Brown & Williamson , who has been recently fired for nonsense reasons . Wigand has an expensive life , two daughters -LRB- one with asthma -RRB- , and the prospect of losing his job is tremendously hard to bear . The severance package they have offered him is limited , but does include medical . But everyone knows that no one hires ex-tobacco scientists in the health profession . Where will he find employment ? How will he support his family?With our two main protagonists situated and developed , the plot begins to thicken in order to bring our two heroes together . A package is mysteriously sent to Bergman containing insider tobacco documents . The only problem is that they are written in technical language . Bergman is given Wigand 's name as a possible `` translator , '' thus entwining our two protagonists for the rest of the film . After much cat & mouse , Wigand eventually agrees to meet with Bergman to discuss the job . Bergman 's excellent instincts sense that there is a lot Wigand is n't sharing and he discovers the reason . Wigand has signed a confidentiality agreement with his former employer , agreeing not to talk about company business on pain of losing his severance and medical benefits . Slowly , Bergman begins the process of convincing Wigand to blow the whistle on his former employers.What evolves is a classic tale rooted in real world events . The first half of the film is dedicated to getting Wigand to testify and give an interview for 60 Minutes , risking his family 's life , financial well-being , and sanity along the way . Most films would have ended at this point , but with about an hour left to go , the film makes a dramatic turn , almost completely dropping Wigand out of the plot . Under threat of litigation , CBS News decides not to run Wigand 's interview . Suddenly , Wigand is at risk of doing everything for nothing . Bergman is outraged by CBS 's decision and the film follows his character 's attempts to fight against CBS to get it released.Hence , THE INSIDER is about two men who each fight their own respective corporations . But while one ca n't ignore the `` man versus the machine '' aspect of the film , ultimately it does n't seem to be Mann 's primary interest . What THE INSIDER truly focuses on is the character of our two protagonists . Wigand decides to testify and blow the whistle on his former employer because he has betrayed his values working for the company . He was a man of science and a man who worked for healthcare companies , he tells us early on , but who sold out for the money they offered him . Wigand is , at times , an uncomfortably honorable character and the film seeks to restore himself in his own eyes . Bergman is equally engrossing and , thanks to Pacino 's superb performance , is , perhaps , even more inspiring to watch . CBS 's threat not to release the material is not an attack on the freedom of the press or on Bergman 's hard work . It is an attack on Bergman 's personal integrity and honesty . `` I have never burned a source , '' he tells us emphatically . Whatever Bergman promises , he delivers . And he shows us that he is willing to pay dearly in order to maintain that integrity.The performances are brilliant all the way around in this film . Crowe 's performance of a man pushed to the edge by extraordinary forces is brilliant . I was nervous in every scene he was in and wondered if he would snap at any minute . Pacino , as mentioned , is wonderful in his part , in a rather understated performance . Christopher Plummer seems to capture Mike Wallace completely . Though not many of us have had the chance to see Mike Wallace `` off camera , '' there is a certain believability to the performance that is undeniable . No one gets to be the anchor of 60 Minutes unless he or she is prepared to play serious hardball . It was refreshing to see . Reminiscent of ALL THE PRESIDENT 'S MEN , this film also manages to give you a very candid look into the making of broadcast news and all of the work that goes on behind the scenes -LRB- some of it quite dangerous -RRB- to produce a story . Michael Mann 's directing is quite capable ; the music and sound compliments the beautiful imagery ; and the script is well crafted.All in all , THE INSIDER is a great film that should have taken home some Oscars . I highly recommend it .
 This is truly a GREAT movie -- its story , acting -LRB- Pacino and Crowe are superb -RRB- , directing , and set design . It has all the ingredients of a great true-to-life thriller . To some it will be quite an eye opener about the lengths the giant cigarette companies will go to protect and enhance their investment at the expense or harm of their loyal customers . Also , what happens when one of its scientist blows the whistle and the dire consequences that follow in his business and personal life . DO N'T MISS THIS ONE ! It 's message and delivery are PERFECT .
 Scientist Jeffrey Wigand -LRB- Russel Crow -RRB- is fired by one of the largest tobacco companies in America . Wigand feels that it is his duty to blow the whistle , and warn the general public of the danger that the tobacco industry concealed about their products . Despite being under a legal and binding contract for employee confidentiality , Wigand throws caution to the wind risking his family , and his financial future in the process . He puts his trust in Lowell Bergman -LRB- Al Pacino -RRB- who is the producer for 60 Minutes . Bergman puts together an expose on the tobacco industry by using Wigand 's testimonial . The only problem is that the tobacco industry threatens with a multi billion dollar law suit , which makes the top CBS news executives , want to kill the story . Wigand is subject to numerous lawsuits and a vicious smear campaign , leaving his story in danger of never reaching the American people . Now Bergman and Wigand must work together to save their reputations , and possibly even their own lives ... This controversial and unforgettable true story is Michael Mann 's best film without a doubt . The film features an amazing script that deals with the issues of journalistic integrity , coporate responsibility , and one 's man moral obligation to risk everything , to tell the truth . The film itself is incredibly suspenseful , and you will be kept on the edge of your seat . It involves not only the fight for the truth , but the threatening of Wigand 's life and family . Great mix of conspiracy and paranoia thrown in ! Al Pacino is always great , and Lowell Bergman is no exception . His pursuit for justice and the truth is amazing . He never gives up , and actually stands by Wigand . He puts a whole new meaning to the phrase '' My word is my bond . '' Russell Crowe gave the film 's best performance however . His portrayal of Jeffrey Wigand is filled with humanity , vulnerability , and selflessness . Crowe also put on some serious weight , to make himself look like the actual Jeffrey Wigand . Great performance all the way around . Christopher Plummer gives a nice performance as anchor Mike Wallace , and Gina Gershon is great as well . '' The Insider '' is a masterpiece . The wonderful script , tons of suspense , and the overall acting are all incredible . While the film is long at 158 minutes , time flies , and it does not seem long at all . The DVD offers a production featurette , and commentary from Al Pacino and Russel Crowe . This film is definately a must own , and I highly recommend it !
 Not 10 minutes into Michael Mann 's `` The Insider , '' CBS `` 60 Minutes ' '' reporter Mike Wallace -LRB- Christopher Plummer -RRB- launches into a tirade at the notion that someone might control one of his interviews . His target begins as an Arab gunman protecting his leader , then transforms to everyone in the room . Wallace storms off by himself . The gunman rescinds his demands . And quietly , carefully , the `` 60 Minutes '' producer Lowell Bergman -LRB- Al Pacino -RRB- approaches Wallace to see if he 's `` warmed up . '' `` I 've got my heart going now , '' Wallace says.The scene sets the perfect tone for the `` The Insider , '' an unflinching look at modern journalism . After that , can we look at Wallace straight ? When , in another tirade , he accuses a corporate drone of strong-arming him , is he , in fact , strong-arming her ? When he cries , are his tears real ? And if Mike Wallace is an icon in this business , what does that say about the ethics of everybody else?Mann takes those questions and applies them to the trials of Jeffrey Wiegand -LRB- Russell Crowe -RRB- , a tobacco whistle-blower whose interview with `` 60 Minutes '' was delayed for more than three months because of CBS 's fear of lawsuit . Wiegand , under legal pressure from Big Tobacco , loses everything in the process
 This has got to be my favorite movie of all time . -LRB- Or at least in the top 3 -RRB- . Russell Crowe is amazing . Really what else can be said that others have n't already articulated . He should have won the Academy Award for this , why he did n't is beyond me.Pacino and Crowe together have excellent chemistry and Michael Mann , as always , makes a movie that runs over two and half hours seem like no time at all and leaves you wanting more.The soundtrack is moody and beautiful and fits the pastel scene work incredibly.From the Missisippi District Attorney to the scumbag tobacco heads , this movie shows just how disgusting and seedy that people can be and it also shows that there are still people willing to take a courageous stand for their beliefs.EXCELLENT EXCELLENT EXCELLENT , buy this movie , you will not regret it . By the way , did I say that it was EXCELLENT .
 This story is a cautionary tale to those who go up against big , powerful corporations . Jeffrey Wigand went up against the tobacco companies and lost just about everything but his integrity . I was absolutly riveted by the performances and the story . This the first movie I 'd seen Russell Crowe in and it 's not hard to see why he was nominated for an Oscar for this role . His portrayal of a complex person in a tight spot was great . This movie will keep you on the edge of your seat and pondering the dilemmas the characters face for long after .
 I first saw this film early September this year . I was blown away . Tied with `` Batman '' , this is , without any doubts at all , the most well-made thriller I 've ever seen.The thing I liked most about this film was the script . Very carefully made , it must have been revisied 5 times before filming began . It could possibly be the best script made in the 90s . They did n't make the dialouge flaw in anyway , you should hear the horrible dialouge they used in the -LRB- much -RRB- more worst written films , take `` Turbo
 `` The Insider , '' based on the actual story of a big-tobacco whistle-blower , is one of those movies that must to be seen to be believed . Director Michael Mann creates a film whose sense of urgency crescendos as the picture goes on . The tense atmosphere created in this film is simply incredible , considering there is no violence , only innuendo.While the factual aspects of this picture are in dispute , there can be no denying the incredible attention to great story telling that Mann displays . Al Pacino is , as is usually the case , an impressive force on the screen . His character is powerful and convincing , but never over-the-top . Russell Crowe , however , absolutely steels the show as an overly aggressive tobacco executive who goes to the national media to tell of the industry 's crimes . His performance shows amazing humanity and vulnerability -LRB- It 's amazing this is the same , nearly-immortal General Maximus of `` Gladiator . '' -RRB- . Crowe acts the part of the typical Shakespearean tragic figure ; giving up everything he is just to do the right thing . `` The Insider '' is an intriguing dramatic thriller that is not to be missed
 Russell Crowe is a talented and chameleonic actor . He can disappear into his roles , which is probably one of the most difficult things an actor can do . So many actors are easily typecast because they just can not disappear , but in The Insider Crowe disappears into the role of a middle-aged American tobacco company executive living in the suburbs . The character gives up everything he has to be a whistleblower about the damaging effects of cigarettes on health . Crowe was amazing in this role and should have taken home an Oscar for his performance . This said , I am not one of the fawning sort of fans who thinks of Crowe as a sex symbol . I don ' t really see the appeal toward that at all . This role is a good example of how he is so much more than that . The film is astounding and as often is the case all the more astounding because it is true . Al Pacino is his passionate and effective self as the producer who convinced Crowe 's character to come forward and reveal these tobacco-industry secrets . Pacino 's character fights the good fight for Crowe , but it never quite works out perfectly or happily . This is one of the truly remarkable elements of a film like this . It tells a story and tells it brilliantly without overmoralizing anything . Without beating the viewers over the head with anything . Without trying to wrap the story up into a neat little happy ending package . In real life , things end with loose ends untied , and this story shows that sometimes good does not ultimately triumph over bad . It may have small victories all along the way , but in moral warfare-indeed any kind of warfare-there will be a series of battles , some small and some large , and there are wins and losses all along the way .
 Forget anything negative you may have heard about this movie . Forget any protestations that the story is not entirely true or that it presents some characters in a negative light . This is a superb movie which will move you greatly . When I first watched the movie , I was struck by the terrorization that this man suffered , the threats on his and his family 's life , and ultimately the disruption of his marriage . Regardless of the dramatized details , Jeffrey Wigand was threatened , sued , and was placed under extroardinary pressure not to tell the truth about a major public health issue . This is a compelling story anyway you look at it.Both Russell Crowe and Al Pacino are excellent . Russell Crowe has captured the essence of this man in a way that is uncanny when compared to the real Jeffrey Wigand . His performance is a feat of acting . Al Pacino is hard-hitting and electrifying . Visually , the movie brings to life the sense of desparation and paranoia which the characters must have felt . The score is haunting and moving as well.Jeffrey Wigand left the tobacco company and became a high school teacher , winning the Teacher of the Year award in 1996 . This can not be the same person that the tobacco industry has been trying to portray as a `` master of deception . '' He is a true hero .
 This is a very good movie . The drama , the dialogue , the performances are all top rate . You do n't notice the fact that 3 hours have passed because you are drawn into the story . I was especially impressed with Al Pacino 's performance . And there are a number of little things that make the movie enjoyable , such as the interaction of Bergman -LRB- Pacino 's character -RRB- with his wife without melodrama , just normal life , and the consistency of the accents . The accents clearly define where the scene is taking place . These are just examples of attention to detail that fills the movie.I 'm told that this film is fast and loose with the details of the case and the decision not to air the 60 Minutes segment , but that the essence is correct . I would say that the presence of the real people played by Crowe and Pacino -LRB- the two main characters -RRB- in the making of video verifies that this film is acceptable to them , and so I accept it as well.There are only a couple of flaws . In the actual movie itself , there are moments of over-melodrama . Thankfully these are few . Secondly , there are few extras on the DVD . A film like this could really use the DVD format and include inside information for those interested in the real facts . I would especially have liked to have seen the real 60 Minutes spot , for example .
 4 years after the fact , I sat down to watch `` The Insider '' halfway expecting to see a small part of my life be mangled by Hollywood . Instead , Michael Mann -LRB- director of Heat most recently -RRB- deftly creates an intreguing story out of what could easily have been a dry subject . While there are definite departures from the reality of the situations -LRB- I was a freshman at the high school Jeffrey Wigand taught at when the story broke and I CERTAINLY would have recalled Russell Crowe running about Manual 's halls :-RRB- , Mann uses the story of Wigand the tobacco whistleblower who stands up to big tobacco in the name of science and morality and the TV producer who will do anything to get it to the public -LRB- Al Pacino -RRB- to raise serious questions about the meaning of loyalty , honesty and the idea of a modern hero . Crowe turns a powerful performance as the flawed but well-meaning Wigand and Pacino is searing as 60 Minutes producer Lowell Bergmann . Also notable is Christopher Plummer 's dead-accurate portrayal of TV legend Mike `` try Mr. '' Wallace . And as to the location ? It 's as genuine as the local Smith 's Furniture ad in the background of one scene .
 this movie was very good . the cinematography and direction and camera work are excellent , first off . second , russell crowe is a joy to watch in a role where he stands to lose everything based on his morals and ethics . al pacino is a bit HOOWAA over the top with his character , but rightfully so , because he plays a lifelong journalist now working in a media where big business truly does run the show . michael mann is a very good director and i expect nothing but the best from his future films . a very riveting , shocking , and suspenseful movie that makes into a great film .
 If there is one thing I have learned in my life , it is this -- go see Al Pacino movies.The Insider is the story that went on behind the scenes of the big 60 Minutes scandal when they refused to air a show which blew the lid off of tobacco companies for fear of being sued.What this film has are some great performances by some incredible actors . They should show this film to aspiring actors . You are truly watching some great people at work here . The story is very interesting , and the unique style of the film gives it much more a doccumentary feel than the normal `` based on a true story '' tale . You will be riveted , and even though you basically know how it will end , you will still be very interested to find out why it ends that way.What this film does not have is a lack of footage . Or running time . Or whatever you want to call it -- this film is long . Too long . I often criticize films for running too long , and this one runs about thrity minutes too long . There are a lot of establishing shots which seem to be beating the auidence over the head . Yeah , we get the point , everyone involved is a tortured soul . A little extra editing and this would have been a much tighter film , and possibly a 5X film.The Insider is a film that I hope is remembered come Oscar time . It is truly one of the best films I have seen all year . I ca n't imagine someone not liking it , but I can imagine some people getting tired at its long running length . If you had trouble making it through Titanic or Braveheart at the theatre , give this one a rental .
 The film is long ; the impact is devastating . The entire cast is so commited that singling out Crowe and Pacino and Plummer seems unfair . The fact that this is a true story makes the film all the more terrifying . Are we really this manipulated by the media , by constraints of big business ? Can we ever know the truth about such issues ? As long as films like this surface we are fortuantely forced to stand and ask . A triumph of film making that addresses contemporary foibles .
 I 'll just say it right now , this was one of those movies that you really have to pay attention to understand . This is why I gave the movie four stars and not five.But you see , this movie was so good , that through much of the movie , it was too darn good to NOT pay attention to . Al Pacino was AMAZING and Russell Crowe did a fantastic job . The Insider is a quite long movie , but if you have an hour or two to spend on TV ... RENT THIS MOVIE . Its better then most anything on television these days , thats for sure , except maybe 60 Minutes . : -RRB-
 I had heard about this movie when I saw the academy awards and wanted to see it . But my friend said she was watching it and her husband fell asleep . I thought it was nominated for a lot of awards it ca n't be that bad . So I watched it and i really enjoyed it , it seemed to be a bit lengthy but it had a good story supported by great actors .
 This film is not perfect . My tolerance for overheated Al Pacino performances is eroding , and I just could n't buy the premise that his character was THAT saintly . That said , this curmudgeon nonetheless gives `` The Insider '' five stars . Why ?
 The Insider is a powerful look into the tobacco indestry , and how they lied about the nicitene . Both Russell Crowe and Al Pacino are fantastic in the film . This movie is for anyone who enjoys a deep look into a very contraversal subject .
 The Insider from Micheal Mann is a mesmorizing examination of the 60 Minutes report that took down the tobacco industry . Altough not all of it may to accurate it is an absolutely engrossing film that never has a dull moment . Russell Crowe gave the best performance of the year as Wigand a man whose life gets turned upside down when he speaks out about Big Tobacco . Al Pacino is also solid as the 60 Minutes producer Lowell Bergman who wants the piece to air but has trouble convincing the CBS execs . Another standout is Christopher Plummer as Mike Wallace . He embodies Wallace completely right down to his hand gestures . This was a film that was overlooked at the box office , but take the opprotunity to see it on the small screen .
 `` The Insider '' , a theatrical delight , is a well cast , brilliantly acted , and ingeniously directed movie . I can not say enough about this film!Russell Crowe is pheonominal as the socially-conscious scientist , Dr. Jeffrey Weigand . Mr. Crowe , one of my favorite actors since first seeing him in `` L.A. Confidential '' , brings multiple dimensions to his character . One the one hand you applaud Dr. Weigand for being so courageous in spite of the threats he receives from `` big tobacco '' . On the other hand , you sense his pain , and the fear he has for his family . It is all in the eyes - Russell Crowe emotes like few actors can . WE WILL BE PULLING FOR HIM ON OSCAR NIGHT!While Russell Crowe is truly the star in this film , one certainly can not overlook the outstanding performance turned in by Al Pacino . Mr. Pacino lives up to this movie 's expectations , and provides wonderful depth in his character . The pure sarcasm in several of his lines leaves you laughing inside , while silently saying to yourself , `` you know , this guy has a point ! '' Watching Al Pacino is a delight - and in the end , you hope he not only wins the right to produce TV as he sees fit , you are hoping that his character gets a raise ! Al Pacino - you are not worthy of a `` supporting actor '' nomination , you are in a class all your own!Lastly , we can not forget the performance of a veteran actor , Christopher Plummer . Mr. Plummer shows sides of Mike Wallace that you imagined were there , but have never been able to see . Mr. Plummer gives the movie perspective - and plays the depressive Mike Wallace with stunning accuracy . In the end , you forget that Mr. Plummer is an actor - you begin to think that the real Mike Wallace is the true actor ! I will be looking for more good things to come from Mr. Plummer - he has made me a fan!This movie is as put together as it can get . The cinematography , direction , etc. give this film power . There are no lulls - you remain firmly entrenched in the plot throughout this movie . The sets , the tone , the music , it all blends together like a great cup of coffee - warm and enjoyable . Michael Mann reels you in , and does not let go . He takes you on a wild ride - your heart races , your eyes tear , your palms sweat , and you squirm in your seat . He does his job , and he does it well - he MOVES you.This story of one former tobacco scientist taking on big tobacco in an effort to bring awareness of health hazzards to the general public via television , will go down as a modern-day classic . The `` behind-the-scenes '' look at TV production , and more specifically , `` 60 Minutes '' , gives the general viewer an idea of not only how much time is spent producing a 15-minute segment for network TV , but shows the consequences on a man 's life for being brave enough to care . I applaud Jeffrey Weigand , a hero to America . I also applaud the makers of `` The Insider '' , for having the courage , stamina , and awe-inspiring vision to bring this film to life .
 This movie is riveting , engaging , and extremely well done . The performances by Crowe , Pacino , and Plummer are especially sharp and on edge , and the direction by Mann is , as always , simply superb . From the opening frames illustrating the cache , access and raw power a TV program like Sixty Minutes offers its producers and stars to the immediately introduced suspenseful counterpoint of Philip Wigand as a man caught in a terrible moral dilemma , this movie is absolutely terrific.While one relates to Russell Crowe 's superb depiction -LRB- truly an Oscar-caliber performance -RRB- as the man who almost singlehandedly eventually breaks the back of the tobacco conglomerates , I found myself also captivated by Al Pacino 's performance with a thoughtful and emotional coda as a smart and street savvy TV producer skating hellbent for leather over the dangerous edges between his personal morality and the seductive but corrupting pressures of a super-competitive and absolutely testosterone-crazy TV program . Likewise , Christopher Plummer 's interpretation of Mike Wallace as an egotistical and morally obtuse dilletante who perhaps has stayed at the party overlong is a joy to observe . If it is at all accurate , maybe it 's time to finally retire , Mike!This is a movie that explores the way in which all the powers that be seem to be growing deaf , dumb , and blind to the rights and needs of the individuals in the society , as Wigand finds out quite quickly , to his despair . He finds himself compromised no matter which way he turns , and in an absolutely riveting scene played to the hilt , decides to do what 's morally right regardless of the personal consequences . This seemed to be one of the quiet messages imbedded in the movie , that we all need to be more moral and have more intergrity in how we approach ourselves , each other , and the world at large . Amen to that , brother Mann.Nice to see such extraordinary every-day heroism depicted and lauded on the silver screen . of course , life is never so simple as when it is most complex , and this movie certainly deals with some very controversial issues in an engaging , provocative , and thoughtful story we all can enjoy and learn from . This is a serious , disturbing , and dramatic movie I want to own and pull off the shelf periodically to watch and think about . I think you 'll appreciate it too .
 `` The Insider '' is by far , the best motion picture of1999 . It focuses on the lives of Dr. Jeffrey Wigand -LRB- Russell Crowe -RRB- , vice president in charge of research for Brown & Williamson Tobacco , and Lowell Bergman -LRB- Al Pacino -RRB- , a veteran producer for the much-respected `` 60 Minutes '' CBS news magazine . Recently fired from his cushy 6 figure job , Wigand soon faces the dilemma of whether or not to violate his confidentiality agreement and expose the disturbing truth about cigarettes , or to keep silent and protect his family . Bergman , meanwhile , must try to coax the story out of Wigand , while protecting him and sidestepping legal snaffus which arrise and fighting to get his piece aired . `` The Insider '' features top-notch performances from its cast , top to bottom , particularly from Crowe , as the brave yet terrified Wigand . Director Michael Mann keeps the story moving and keeps his audience interested throughout - not an easy task for a 3 hour movie . What really enhanced my enjoyment of this movie was the terrific hand-held cinematography by Dante Spinotti . His camera is often perched over Wigand 's shoulder , and we as an audience feel as if we are right there with him as he franticly searches for the answers . I suppose a lot of people avoided this movie at the box office due to its length and its subject matter-and its their loss . If you like the movies with explosions and gunfights then rent something else . If you like an engrossing , thought-provoking movie with terrific performances , then `` The Insider '' is the movie for you .
 The Insider is great on so many levels . It is perfectly acted by an expert cast , with Russell Crowe delivering without a doubt the best performance of the year . Al Pacino has been great for so long that is is easy to take him for granted , but he makes you sit up and take notice of his talent here , giving a performace that is both slightly over the top and deeply felt . Christopher Plumber was amazing as Mike Wallace , he managed to impersonate the well known newsman perfectly and also make him a relatively sympathetic character . Phillip Baker Hall , as always , gave a rock solid supporting performance as the 60 Minutes producer who kept the segment in question from airing . The cinematography was great , the handheld camerawork adding a sense of urgency to every scene . And , maybe most importantly , the story was deep , thoughful , and entertaining . The characters were brilliantly developed , and the story was gripping . The Insider is over 2 and a half hours long , but it is n't boring at all . Michael Mann is one of the best directors currently working , all of his movies have a distinctive look , an attention to detail , and a certain intangible intellegence . The Insider has an abundance of all three of these qualities .
 Tackling the subject of latter day history takes a great deal of precision . The first thing a film maker , taking on something such as the multi-billion dollar suit levied against the tobacco industry by the United States , must do is narrow their focus . This is what Michael Mann 's `` The Insider '' does . Instead of becoming a sprawling film that takes on all the evils of society in the form of a cigarette company , it narrows in on the idea of media and corporate relations.This film does not make its heroes out to be saints . They all have motives , which can be considered selfish . This is the most compelling aspect of the film . Jeffrey Wigand is a practical white-collar American who is not often driven by emotion but rather by cool headed American values such as providing for his family . When he is pushed by his former employer -LRB- tobacco company B&W -RRB- he goes to his one instance of emotional redemption -LRB- taking the information he knows to the press , in the form of Pacino as a 60 minute producer -RRB- and puts everything he has gained in jeopardy.Sometimes long but perfectly stylized , this film owes much of its power to Russel Crowe whose transformation into Wigand -LRB- white-haired , overweight and ready to explode -RRB- is the stuff serious drama is built on . The supporting characters who work at 60 Minutes and CBS are note worthy as well . While not having as much emotionally invested in the situation , Pacino is effective as a workaholic newsman who takes on some of Crowe 's fire.Lastly is something that I normally do n't usually give much weight to when it comes to movies . This is an important story to be told because many people do n't realize that the facts represented here are true -LRB- maybe not entirely accurate -RRB- and , more importantly , serve as a model as how far reaching events will go down in the modern world .
 From the first image , the viewer is immediately thrust into a situation with no explanation and no dialogue . It takes a few seconds before it is revealed to be a blindfolded man who is being driven through a busy , noisy Middle Eastern city . What 's going on here ? Who is he ? The rush of noises and images is an assault on the senses . The blindfolded man , Lowell Bergman -LRB- Pacino -RRB- , is here to set up an interview with the Sheik for 60 Minutes . Michael Mann introduces Bergman in this fashion to grab the audience 's attention with a single detail and then gradually expands out to the bigger picture , which symbolizes the film 's structure and its style . The events in the picture are created from a single event and everything grows from that one incident.This scene establishes the no-nonsense tone of the movie and the professionalism of the characters . Lowell Bergman is a worldly man who is not afraid to speak his mind . He is willing to go , literally , blind into a potentially dangerous situation to get what he wants . He is a consummate professional who knows how to handle things
 Watch closely as Jeffrey Wigand -LRB- Russell Crowe , in an unbelievably natural and outstandingly good performance -RRB- , after having lost his family , his reputation , and almost everything he has , begins to teach his first chemistry class . By way of introducing himself , he says to his students something to the effect of `` call me whatever you like . `` When we have reached this point in the movie , that seems cynically appropriate . Also cynically appropriate is the prop he chooses to use in class for the intital experiment . A butane lighter . A little cigarette lighter.As all his problems have stemmed from the tobacco company he used to work for , which now is harassing him , threatening him with jail , and worse . It is ironic that this little lighter pops up briefly in this scene . Yet it is a testament to the director , Michael Mann
 `` The Insider '' was one of the two Oscar-nominated films that actually earned its nomination . After his great film `` Heat '' , which was also overlooked by the Academy , Michael Mann delievers a worthy follow up that captivates the viewer for more than two and a half hours.In many respects , `` The Insider '' is a typical Michael-Mann-picture . The screenplay offers rather traditional storytelling without any of the post-modern coolness that so many films have nowadays . The direction and the cinematography are highly stylized , which is also pure Michael Mann . Like in `` Heat '' , the relationships between the characters are explored more thoroughly and in more explicit detail than in most other films . This gives the characters a depth that is rare in many of today 's movies . Another great asset of `` The Insider '' are the performances by the whole cast . Al Pacino is powerful and credible as always and Russel Crowe is simply sensationel as the whistleblower Wigand who is threatened by his former company . `` The Insider '' was surely one of the best films of 1999 . It is a shame that it was n't a box office success . I hope that Michael Mann is able to retain his style despite the commercial disappointment . Perhaps the seven Academy Award nominations will persuade the studios to keep him independent .
 The InsiderScore
 Combining a human drama and a capitalist dilemma , The Insider is a tour de force in its display of the paradox between corporations keeping corporate `` secrecy '' and telling the truth . Russell Crowe and Al Pacino deliver powerful , unforgettable performances as a CBS news producer -LRB- Pacino -RRB- and a big tobacco whistle blower -LRB- Crowe -RRB- . The story encompasses the personal descision made by former tobacco exectutive Jeffery Wigand who blows the whistle on his former tobacco employers at a high personal cost , while simoultaniously nakedly exposing the conflict in many news rooms between telling the truth and corporate interests . The Insider digs deep into media ethics , asks the question as to who really is in charge of what we as a public see and hear and makes one wonder if our beloved capitalist country has become a corporate `` Frankenstein . '' This film is a hit anyway you cut it , and will have audiences , not to mention journalism students , debating the messages in this for years to come . Kudos to director Michael Mann and to an outstanding supporting performance by Christopher Plummer who delivers a PLUM of a performance as 60 minutes anchor Mike wallace .
 This movie was used and for a fair price , it came in a good shape . The DVD looked like it was new and looked like it had not been played before . Every scene was great and not one DVD mistake was made either . I loved it !
 Michael Mann has built up quite a reputation in Hollywood over the last two decades with notable films like the masterpiece Heat -LRB- 1995 -RRB- , Collateral -LRB- 2004 -RRB- and Public Enemies -LRB- 2009 -RRB- . I found The Insider amongst Mrs B 's DVD collection and was intrigued by a film that paired Russell Crowe with cinema legend Al Pacino who had previously worked with Mann in Heat . Having enjoyed three previous films by Mann I was only too happy to sample more of his work.Based on a true story , The Insider follows the plight of Jeffrey Wigand -LRB- Crowe -RRB- who is fired from his job at Brown and Williamson , a tobacco company . Elsewhere journalist , Lowell Bergman -LRB- Pacino -RRB- comes into receipt of an anonymous package containing documents relating to tobacco company , Philip Morris . Unable to understand the documentation Bergman is referred to Wigand for translation of the documents . When a reluctant Wigand does meet Bergman he is very cautious in the information he can give , assuring Bergman he will say no more than what is in the document . Bergman suspects something is amiss and over time learns that Wigand has not only been fired from his job at Brown and Williamson but that he has information that could severely damage the company 's reputation and that they will resort to anything to keep Wigand quiet.Mann is good at getting great performances out of his actors . Pacino delivers another decent performance without quite reaching the heights of Heat or The Godfather . Crowe is undoubtedly the star of the show , depicting a man pushed to the limits by persecution by Brown and Williamson that leads to anxiety , paranoia and uncharacteristic aggression . The level that Brown and Williamson descend to against Wigand is appalling . As part of his being fired he is informed to keep quite or risk losing severance pay , medical coverage that benefits his asthmatic daughter , and he is also faced with the prospect of legal proceedings . After initially speaking to Bergman , Wigand is summoned to Brown and Williamson once again to sign a tighter more severe contract to ensure his silence . Believing Bergman has spoken to Brown and Williamson , Wigand accuses the journalist of treachery but is assured by Bergman 's response that he has spoken to no one . What follows is a build up of torment and strain on Wigand , particularly his relationship with his wife Liane -LRB- Diane Venora -RRB- , and a dilemma in the form of an interview for 60 Minutes that Bergman insists Wigand should do to expose the sinister dealing of Brown and Williamson and Big Tobacco , that encompasses many companies.The Insider can be a difficult film at times . I found it quite slow to get going and although I was intrigued throughout by Crowe and Pacino 's performances I did n't feel much happened until an hour into the film . At 150 minutes it 's a long film to sit through for the meagre action in the opening segments . That said Mann creates tension extremely well . No sooner has Wigand been fired from his job than he is being watched by mystery figures in cars , or at a golf driving range , while his move to a new home with his family sees him having to head outside in the middle of the night where fresh footprints are visible in the soil . Taking a teaching post at a nearby school , Wigand does try to rebuild his life but the shadow of the tobacco scandal hangs over him continuously and after relenting with Bergman and doing an interview for 60 Minutes things only get worse . Watching the dodgy dealings of Big Tobacco was absorbing but also made one angry at the slimy nature of lawyers . While Wigand is faced with the prospect of prison if he testifies , Bergman 's network CBS is also faced with legal proceedings if they assist Wigand in breaking his contractual obligations . While Wigand is pushed to breaking point , Bergman is also left disillusioned with his own job while trying to do the right thing and helping Wigand but being told by his superiors that they can not risk financial ruin and years of legal pandemonium.After a slow start , The Insider does become an engaging film as Wigand 's ordeal reaches court . These legal proceedings are , however , quite brief where I would have expected a typical Hollywood drama as we hear both sides of the story before a jury delivers its verdict . Towards the end of the film Wigand is at his lowest point while Bergman is also left with nothing . It all points to a surprising but miserable conclusion . Those familiar with the true story , of course , will know there was some consolation for Wigand and Bergman but this is all revealed in the final few minutes , most of it courtesy of some text prior to the end credits . As satisfying as the outcome is I found after 150 minutes I had waited a long time for such a rushed ending.The Insider is an effective thriller largely due to Pacino but , in particular , Crowe 's Oscar-nominated performance . Though an interesting depiction of an appalling act of cruelty against one man , I found the film too long for what was there . Fans of Mann should definitely not miss this , but if you 're wanting to sample the director 's best films then Heat is undoubtedly the one you should be reaching for .
 I agree with all the favorable reviews here . `` The Insider '' is a very well-made and well-acted movie of great moral significance . It shows how two powerful institutions -- Big Business and the Big Media -- can create terrible moral dilemmas for people of principle.I have just started reading Sibel Edmonds 's new book `` Classified Woman '' . I wish Michael Mann would do a film of this book . It also shows a whistleblower and moral dilemmas , but in an area of even greater importance
 Great movie , the product was sent in a good working order , no scratches or pauses . Thanks for the exceptional value and speed of delivery .
 i loved this film . i saw on vhs a long time ago , and i rememberd i kied then , -LSB- in the days befoer dvds -RSB- but could not remember the name of it.that and i watch it with 3 or 4 other people , when i found it on dvd i bought it , for a great price . and watched it alone witch out other people talking through it . and when i saw it with out people yacking around me what i thought was a good film , turn out to be a great one.its the only way i watch movies now.unless its something mindless . rich scanlontroy n.y.usa
 i sometimes think of that final list of the finest movies i 've ever seen . after much soul searching and viewing films for over 50 years , i narrowed it down to amadeus , private ryan , manchurian candidate -LRB- frank sinatra -RRB- , high noon and no country . after everything shakes out , THE INSIDER would have to top the list . acting , directing , music , script and subject matter . i just wish it was on blu ray .
 It is 2.35 AnamorphicThe only thing I noticed unusual is that the horiz . black bars are uneven , 33 % on top and 66 % on bottom . Its not 50/50 or horiz . centered as with most other 2.35:1 . It 's NOT a BIG DEAL , just a little horiz . offset.Great Movie , still worth purchasing !!
 Two of my very favorite actors do not disappoint ! Crowe & Pacino are riveting in this suspenseful drama . Well crafted , brilliantly acted , highly prophetic story line -LRB- wo n't give away the plot -RRB- .
 Wow ! Al Pacino -LRB- terrific and not overacting ! -RRB- and Russell Crowe -LRB- devastating performance -RRB- in a `` based on true story '' about the tobacco industry , `` 60-Minutes , '' Mike Wallace -LRB- brilliantly played by Christopher Plummer and conspiracy to addict Americans .
 A great expose of the tobacco industry and their lies to get their product sold and you addicted to nicotine . It also shows the destructive power of bad corporations that do n't care about the public good .
 To be cinematographically loyal to a Real Life Story is impossible , and this is because the only real truth to any story , is the point of view of its protagonist . Once an author takes the facts and expose them in any particular media , that point of view becomes a third person in the events , the objectiveness of those facts then become subjective to the intuition of the author . Now , the intention of that author has to be honorable , and that is
 Michael Mann 's The Insider is one of those films that makes you think then it makes you angry . In its most simple form the movie tells the story of corporate whistle blower Jeffrey Wigand and his battle with Brown and Williamson Tobacco . This story is only the beginning however . The film in its second half explores media ethics like no recent film that I 've seenRussell Crowe plays Jeffrey Wigand who has been fired from his corporate job at Brown and Williamson . Hired as a consultant by 60 Minutes producer Lowell Bergman -LRB- Al Pacino -RRB- to consult on another cigarette issue he gradually begins to open up about huge health concerns within the industry in violation of confidentiality agreements.The film charts CBS News darkest hour . When it made the choice to pull the plug on Wigand 's interview to avoid the risk of a lawsuit which could have cost the Network massive amounts of cash in a corporate buyout.There are outstanding performances throughout the film . Among the standouts are Christopher Plummer as Mike Wallace.Even though the film is somewhat long it maintains interest throughout and remains as one of the greatest journalism films of the last decade or so .
 This movie is extra long , but I did n't really notice . The extra intensity of this movie keeps you wondering what will happen all the way to the very end . I learned about corporate misdeeds and also about the terrible poisons that nicotine holds . This is one of the best `` whistleblower '' movies I have ever had the pleasure of encountering . Al Pacino was his usual awesome self , but Russell Crowe REALLY gets the award . The acting job he did was stupendous ! I was truly amazed at the way this man morphed into his character , he even had some odd tics that could only come from this character 's stress level & personality type .
 Wow ! The entire movie , all that I could think of was `` this is a great movie . '' I was never bored , and who could be with Al Pacino and Russell Crowe ? This was an incredible movie , and I am so surprised that it did n't receive any of the 7 academy awards for which it was nominated . Anyway , I think that this is certainly Russell Crowe 's best work , even better than his academy award winning performance in the following year 's `` Gladiator . '' Al Pacino once again delivered a stunning performance , and even Christopher Plummer had his moments . All of the actors got into their roles , the cinematography was great , the dialogue was gripping . This was a 5 star movie , but probably not one that kids would enjoy , for several reasons , including the 2 hour 40 minute length . Not that it would be appropriate for children anyway ; it 's R rating was a deserved one , with a substatial amount of explicit language . Other than the language though , there is nothing `` wrong '' with the movie .
 A slightly overlengthed film hailed for Russell Crowe 's performance should actually be hailed for a few other things ; first off , both Al Pacino and Christopher Plummer are magnificent here . Secondly , the cinematography is breaktaking and beautiful , with its vivid use of color , high contrast levels , and focus-changing shots within a small depth of field , perfectly matching the harmonic vocals that complement the movie 's poignant score . Lastly , the film 's conclusion , with the plot 's full Sixty Minutes interview actually airing on television to audiences everywhere with the anti-Tobacco Industry interview , more than makes up for the film 's overlength -LRB- a trend in 1999 , with `` The Green Mile '' and `` Magnolia '' each lasting over three hours -RRB- ; the ending is addictively gratifying .
 The moral philosopher and economist Adam Smith warned that businessmen are inclined to collude together to defraud the consumer . Indeed , the foremost champion of capitalism did not shy away from the reality of human nature . Legitimate self interest regretfully sometimes deteriorates into vile and despicable behavior . The Insider primarily deals with the moral corruption of the tobacco industry . Russell Crowe brilliantly portrays Jeffrey Wigand , the real-life scientist who blew the whistle regarding the lies told to the general public . The latter were deceived into believing that tobacco products were not really all that dangerous . Alas , Wigand pays an enormous price for this act of courage . He trusts Lowell Bergman -LRB- Al Pacino -RRB- , a producer for Sixty Minutes to put his story before the American people . The top executives at CBS NEWS , however , are reluctant to rock the boat . We are soon disgusted by their kowtowing to the powers that be within the board rooms of the major tobacco companies.The movie admittedly is not a completely accurate depiction of the actual events . Nonetheless , it 's still loyal to the main themes of Wigand 's predicament . The scientist is persecuted by the legal teams representing the tobacco interests for allegedly violating a contractual agreement to keep his mouth shut . In other words , evil is to be hidden from view -- or you will be sued ! This great film will remind one that laissez faire capitalism is inherently impossible . There will always be a need for government oversight and media investigations of wrongdoing . Capitalism may very well be the best economic system ever devised , but continuous check and balances are mandatory to preserve both its viability and integrity . I wholeheartedly recommend that you see The Insider . It will give both the Ayn Rand acolytes and the followers of Ralph Nader much to think about .
 This film has been described as a David v Goliath story about the exposee of big tobacco , which it certainly is , but what made this picture such an emotional experience was that beneath the surface , was an intimate story of personal struggle among two men , Jeffrey Wigand -LRB- Crowe -RRB- and Lowell Bergman -LRB- Pacino -RRB- . Jeffrey Wigand , the proud , reluctant family man , who went about in blowing the whistle on his former employers , Brown & Williamson , was not protrayed as the typical crusader out to do good for the right cause . He was shown with all of the flaws of human frailties present that contributed to the realism of the movie . The motivation for him to particiapte in an exposee of Brown & Williamson was strictly to preserve his pride as a man of integrity and most of all , to protect his manhood and prevent castration from the powers that be . His reasons for going public were not noble and were not for the right reasons . It was the way the film gave him a full arc in which he began to shape into a real hero doing what he did for the right reasons , made it a movie with great depth and brutal honesty.Aside from those qualities , another admirable quiality about this film were the photography and visual compositions . The visual style this movie carried was just absolutely amazing . And it was n't obstrusive to the story or overly-stylized . Every composition and color scheme were there to add to the atmosphere and storytelling . Michael Mann 's minimalist compositions reminded me of Michelangelo Antonioni 's work that gave this film the detached feeling and presence it required in revealing the anti-social personality and confusion of Jeffrey Wigand . Director MAnn and Dante Spinotti is definitely up there with other frequent dynamic duo Director/DP teams like Steven Spielberg with Janusz Kaminski , Coen Bros. with Roger Deakins , Anthony Minghella with John Seale , Wong Kar Wai with Christopher Doyle , and so on .
 Can you imagine a scientist standing up against the tobacco industry ? Can you imagine this scientist recorded a segment on 60 minutes and that 60 minutes refused to air the program because of political pressure ? This really happened . Russell Crowe is fascinating in this study of a man caught between morality and saving him self and his family from psychological torture . Al Pacino plays the producer who ultimately gets the scientists testimony heard after going to the New York Times with the story . This is a story that every one can relate to . It is gripping . Crowe should have won an academy award for his performance .
 Brilliant , brilliant , brilliant!Trust me , you 're gon na love this movie . Crowe has now established himself as one of the best actors around . His performance was awesome . Al Pacino , yet again , adds real class . I also enjoyed Christopher Plummer 's convincing performance as the 60 Minutes anchor man .
 This is a true story of a man who decided to tell the world what the major tobacco companies knew about the dangers of their product . Jeffrey Wigand was a scientist employed in research for a tobacco firm . Soon after he was fired Wigand came into contact with a producer for 60 Minutes who worked closely with journalist Mike Wallace . Bergman , the producer , arranged for Wigand to be interviewed by Wallace for a 60 Minutes expose on the cigarette industry , though Wigand was still bound by a confidentiality agreement not to discuss his employment with the company . Despite Wigand 's willingness to talk , CBS pulled his interview from at the last minute afterthe tobacco company threatened a multi-billion dollar lawsuit . The staff of 60 Minutes and CBS News were soon in an internal struggle over the killing of the stor . Even though Wigand 's full story did not see the light of day , he found himself the subject of lawsuits and a smear campaign .
 A superb film about the high-stakes battle between a family man , Big Journalism and Big Tobacco.Michael Mann is a master of the every day . In all of his films - and even his lone dip into tv , ` Miami Vice , ' - Mann successfully captures that feeling of the routine , of driving home after a long workday , of sitting down to dinner with the kids . It is that realism sprinkled over every frame of this movie that makes it so enthralling . There is no Hollywood-ending here . In ` The Insider , ' words and actions have consequences , sometimes dire . Marriages dissolve . Lawsuits are filed . Jobs are lost . -LRB- you get the picture -RRB- . All of that adds to the depth of our protagonist , Mr. Gladiator himself Russell Crowe , whose intensity in this film is palpable . I highly recommend it .
 Man was I upset when this thing ended after just three hours . For anyone who 's ever worked in a big glass skyscraper this film is truly cathartic . I think it is too narrow to focus on the journalistic or the tobacco-industry elements of The Insider . Like HEAT before it , Mann 's film is a highly dramatized portrayal of ethics in the modern world . Truly a remarkable film that earns everything it asks for from the audience . On a lesser note , I also think it is something really unique when big-budget Hollywood productions such as this one eschew explosions and spaceships to focus on telling a human story . Cheesy as it may sound , I believe a film like this is much closer to gargantuan filmaking than ... well let 's justs say GLADIATOR .
 This movie is riveting ! The story of corporate dishonesty and manipulation is important and makes for fantastic drama . The acting by Al Pacino and Russell Crowe is nothing less than superb .
 While still in the newspaper game herself , novelist Anna Quindlen once wrote a surprisingly self-flagellating column in which she said that journalists step in and out of people 's lives as easily as they do a pair of shoes . They cajole folks into spilling secrets and then move on to the next story while the subjects are left to wonder if their candor was worth it.That 's what happens in The Insider , the best movie about the inner workings of big-time journalism since All the President 's Men -LRB- 1976 -RRB- , except that in this true tale of an exceedingly bad day at CBS 's Black Rock headquarters , both the source and the reporter end up feeling betrayed.The reporter is Lowell Bergman -LRB- Pacino -RRB- , a veteran producer at 60 Minutes . In 1995 he persuaded Jeffrey Wigand -LRB- Crowe -RRB- , a scientist and former high-level executive at the Brown & Williamson Tobacco Corp. , to tape an interview with Mike Wallace in which Wigand blew the whistle on what B&W knew about smoking 's dangers -- and when it knew it.Wigand bravely did so despite death threats and an orchestrated smear campaign . But then the CBS eye blinked
 Real story . Real people . Mann 's intense movie will catch your breath for nearly 2,5 hours . Veteran Al Pacino as an overnervous mogul producer of 60 minutes challenging the tobacco industry . Young Russell Crowe , overweight and aged for the part , in one of his finest role . After seeing it , it wo n't let go . A must have .
 Mann 's intense use of silence for suspense creates a great backdrop for the allstar performances of L.A. Confidential 's Russel Crowe and the man who needs no introduction Al Pacino . Although you often wonder how historically accurate this film is you can not deny the brilliant use of wide aspect ratios and silent anticipation . Although it 's not Heat , it 's a great film .
 `` The Insider '' starts out slowly , but with arresting gravity , and snakes its way into a riveting , superb thriller . The acting is magnificent , the direction superb , the pacing precise , and the dialog riveting . It 's a long movie , but you ca n't stop watching it . Everyone involved should be congratulated , for this is the telling of a complex story on film that captures multiple layers , human pathos , and modern paranoia , all equally effectively . A MUST SEE !
 This is one of those films Warners considered their bread and butter in the thirties and forties , the banner to be taken up by Fox in the late forties and early fifties - a realistic look at corruption and the forces of good that attempt to expose it . The material is historical but the filmmakers use the tried and true film formula -LRB- most notably by ALL THE PRESIDENT 'S MEN -RRB- for bringing it to the screen . It earned seven Oscar noms including Best Film , Direction , Screenplay and Actor -LRB- Russell Crowe -RRB- but failed to pick up a statue . It is unrelentingly depressing but riveting none the less . Al Pacino delivers one of his best performances and deserved an equal Best Actor nod with Crowe . Christopher Plummer delivers a delicous parody of Mike Wallace . We KNEW the tobabcco industry was corrupt but we did n't know SIXTY MINUTES and the network were - it 's surprising the filmmakers were not sued but then if the material they had was factual , a law suit would have only brought the network more shame . At the end of a film like this when good has triumphed but been trampled in the process and even those you trust turn out to be villains , one is left with a most depressing message about the human race and modern civilization - therefore , the cathartic value of such a film is deprived of its raison d'etre - it gets kudos for realism and truth but not for art .
 The Insider easily accomplishes 2 things - it gets my vote for best film of 1999 & for best Michael Mann film ever -LRB- and thats saying alot coming from the man who made Last of the Mohicans , Theif , Manhunter ... -RRB- . This movie not only shoots Crowe to superstar status as the brooding informer -LRB- and I thought he shined in La Confidential ! -RRB- , but also managed to get a performance out of Al Pacino that I thought was forever lost ! Pacino is so low keyed , and so relentless in his pursuit of the truth that he harkens back to the days of his best roles such as Serpico & Dog Day Afternoon with his character ! He eschews the over the top , scene chewing performances that have plagued him since Scarface , thru Dick Tracy , to Devils Advocate ! After watching this film I wanted to write/email the real Wigand , harass the tobacco company , voice my disappointment at 60 minutes ! It inspired me to civil duty ! What higher praise for a movie ?
 I expected a ` liberal ' movie droning on about the evil of tobacco but instead I got an excellent portrayal of a human being under pressure . In the final analysis the movie seems to be condemning Sixty Minutes more than it does the tobacco giants . The logic being that we all know tobacco is bad but we think we have a free press . Watch it and enjoy a well made movie !
 Okay , so I 'm trying to be helpful here , and I guess my origional review was not . I ca n't help it that to me this movie is just a Russell Crowe showcase , but I guess I should elaborate a little better.This is my origional review for all of you curious : I 've been a huge Russell Crowe fan since seeing Gladiator and I 've made it a point ot see all of his movies . I just ca n't believe I waited this long to see The Insider . This is easily one of my favorites . Just wonderfully done , Russell conveys emotion that most actors are unable to do -LRB- with the exception of a few -RRB- ... Russell is very much my favorite actor , and all predudice aside I believe he is the greatest actor of our generation , and I 'm sure many to come . This movie was perfectly put together , every element was perfectly placed . It is well deserving of praise . I 'm not a big Pucino fan , but he pulled out the stops here . Awsome performance Al , but the show stealer is once again Mr. Crowe . Great work Russell ... ca n't wait for your next ride.Now THIS is my new review : First off , I love movies based on true life stories . It gives you a chance to see what happens to real people as aposed to fictional charactors . So our REAL life story here is based on Jeff Wigand -LRB- Crowe -RRB- who once worked for Bronson & Bronson -LRB- If I remember correctly , I may be off a bit -RRB- a big tobacco company . He is wrongfully fired for not seeing eye to eye with the production department . Upon being fired Wigand is contacted by 60 Minutes -LRB- namely by Pucino -RRB- who wants him to pretty much rat out big tobacco . The problem is Wigand sign a confidentiality agreement with his former company and if you renigs they will take away severence package including his health benifits , and he ca n't lose that for he has an asmatic daughter . The movie revolves around the struggle of morality . Do you make the moraly correct choice even if it means you lose everything you have , your home , your job , your family or do you keep quiet and save face ? My wife thought the movie was slow and boring , but not I. . . I loved the movie and thought it carried an extremly powerful message.PS > Russell was amazing as usual !
 For the most part this movie is superbly acted and well filmed . Russell Crowe , one of the best things that ever happened to Australia , is perfectly cast as Jeffrey Wigand , the scientist whistle-blower who is fired from Brown & Williamson Tobacco Company . Christopher Plummer actually resembles the character he plays , Mike Wallace of CBS Sixty Minutes . Al Pacino should tone down his shouting performance a notch or two , however . The movie got all kinds of nominations for Oscar awards when it was released.So what 's wrong with this picture ? The same thing that 's wrong with another Russell Crowe movie `` A Beautiful Mind '' and Oliver Stone 's earlier movie about the Kennedy assassination . They are all -- what an awful word -- `` docudramas . '' The viewer is told as the credits go up at the end of this movie that some things have been fictionalized for the `` sake of drama . '' This is a cruel irony since the movie is all about integrity . Surely the `` real '' story of the cruel joke tobacco companies have played on an unwitting public for years would have been enough to intrigue an audience and sustain a hard-hitting documentary.The movie is so well-done . I just wish I knew what is real and what is n't here -- if we only had a fire wall between fiction and investigative journalism/movies in this country -- surely we are sophisticated enough to handle such a division .
 I just love this movie . It tells the story of an honest man trying to do right by the bad things &#34; big tabacoo &#34; has done to make a buck . Very well directed , very well written . Execellent movie for anyone .
 The Insider is one of the best of 1999 , along with American Beauty , Austin Powers
 `` The Insider '' is a riveting , gut-wrenching experience , which was largely ignored at the box office and got shafted in the Oscar race . Both of these occurrences are shameful because the public and the Academy failed to recognize one of the best of movies of the year -LRB- if not the best ; I thought `` American Beauty '' was overrated -RRB- , and probably one of the best movies of the 1990s . The most shocking aspect of `` The Insider '' is that it is all true . Everything portrayed on the screen actually happened -LRB- though enhanced for dramatic effect , of course -RRB- . There is a man named Jeffrey Wigand -LRB- played by Russell Crowe -RRB- , a former researcher at the Brown & Williamson -LRB- B&W ;-RRB- tobacco company . Upon being fired for `` creative differences , '' he tapes an interview with `` 60 Minutes '' in which he states that Big Tobacco executives -LRB- lovingly referred to as the `` Seven Dwarfs '' -RRB- lied to Congress when they testified that the nicotine in cigarettes does not cause cancer . Wigand 's confession violates his confidentiality agreement with B&W ; his severance package -LRB- including health benefits for his asthmatic daughter -RRB- is terminated , and he and his family are threatened . He risks everything to expose one of the most egregious social injustices of our time -- and CBS was not going to even air his interview for fear of being sued by B&W. ; As you are watching , ask yourself , `` If you were in Wigand 's position , would you do it ? '' Then you will see what courageous and driven man he must be.All of these feelings and emotions come out in Russell Crowe 's power-packed , dynamite performance . He completely loses himself in Wigand 's personality , and gives a heartfelt portrayal of a man trying to do good , but pushed back and tormented every step of the way . Crowe brings you along with him into Wigand 's world , takes you into his personal hell , and eventually leads you out . Dramatic performances do n't get better than this.Equally powerful is Al Pacino as a `` 60 Minutes '' producer who fights to get Wigand 's interview on the air . He is equally passionate about journalistic integrity and moral obligation , and steps into the ring with CBS execs to ensure that the truth is heard . He will not rest until the job is done , and will not accept no for an answer . He is believable , likeable and righteous ; the scenes where he tries to earn Wigand 's trust are awesome -LRB- he and Crow have good chemistry -RRB- . This is Pacino 's best turn in years.Kudos also to Christopher Plummer as `` 60 Minutes '' anchor Mike Wallace , and to director Michael Mann for his gritty , no-nonsense filming . `` The Insider '' was nominated for 7 Oscars -LRB- including Best Picture , Best Director for Mann , and Best Actor for Crowe -RRB- , and did not win a single one . I would have nominated Pacino for Best Actor , and Plummer for Supporting Actor , and would have actually handed out a few . The performances of each , especially Crowe , are worthy of Oscars . `` The Insider '' is a long film , but well worth it . It is a movie everyone should see ; it will change how you view the world .
 There were a few very good films in 1999 . The Insider was sure one of them . It is so well crafted , every aspect of it . Russell Crowe performance is astonishing , you can actually feel the torture that this man went through - I loved Kevin Spacey in American Beauty , but I think Crowe is fantastic here , well , they gave him the Oscar for Gladiator , to compensate . The documentary-styled photography makes the movie even more gripping.I loved Lisa Gerard 's music , by the way , solemn and dramatic , and finally redemptive , when Crowe 's character 's battle is finally over .
 A review of THE INSIDER by one of my Favorite People living in one of the Baltic states has recently appeared , and which gave the film only 2 stars - a significant shortfall from what I believe the picture was worth , i.e. 5 stars.Granted , the film did n't win Best Picture at the Oscars . But , there can only be one Best Picture winner , and that petty detail in the rules should n't detract from the excellence of the runner-ups in any particular year . I do believe , however , that THE INSIDER is not likely to engage non-US audiences for two reasons . First of all , `` 60 Minutes '' is a revered American television icon , not British , Brazilian , Japanese , Egyptian , Indian , Latvian , or whatever . -LRB- It 's one of the rare network programs worth watching anymore . The rest is just garbage . -RRB- The scandal that ensued -LRB- and which THE INSIDER portrays -RRB- , when this much respected investigative news show caved to Big Tobacco and suppressed a story unfavorable to the latter , was chiefly an American reaction . Secondly , as near as I can discern , the disgust felt for the hypocrisy of Big Tobacco is , again , basically an American phenomenon . The majority of the rest of the world does n't care , and continues to smoke like chimneys!The performances of both Al Pacino and Russell Crowe were both first class . That of the latter was the most pleasantly surprising since he 's a relative newcomer to the silver screen . And what can one say about Pacino ? He gets better with age , much like Sean Connery , Bruce Willis , Michael Douglas , and Harrison Ford . And what 's wrong with that ?! They all demonstrate that quality known in life as `` maturity '' . The thought of a Ben Affleck , Matt Damon or Brad Pitt playing Pacino 's role , as good as these rising young stars are , is positively ludicrous.More to the cinematic point in closing , how many lesser films regarded as absolute swill by US audiences have scored big at the overseas box offices ? Hmmm ? There 's no accounting for taste .
 Al Pacino 's character says it best in one scene
 Anyone who rates this bad did n't get it . What a great mix of documentary & drama style , mixed in with Crowe and Pacino 's awesome performances.This movie tackles several serious `` today '' issues with realism without preaching too much , like many Hollywood films do.Great job !
 This film has and will continue to be compared favorably with that classic treatment of journalistic and corporate/government ethics , `` All the President 's Men . '' Russell Crowe is excellent at creating a believeable -- and not always likeable -- hero . Pacino 's histrionics are thankfully toned down , and Christopher Plumber nails Mike Wallace in a way that is both insightful and fair . The growing feeling of paranoia and hopelessness against the power of Tobacco is palpable . However , what nearly ruined the movie for me , was the cardboard , one-dimentional portrayal of Wigand 's wife . Maybe she really WAS an unfeeling , shrewish , cotton-head ninny in real life , but after about 2 minutes of her in the film , I and others I watched the movie with wondered why HE had n't walked out years before ! The family life and an odd little subplot having to do with the unibomber ? really needed to be developed a further to make sense . Still , I was with the movie from the start and it carried me all the way through . But I can see why it never really found a wide audience ; it 's a little too `` in the head '' for those who need more action and less complicated conflict .
 When I rented this tape from Blockbuster , I did n't expect this picture to be as good as I realized it was after I watched it and thought about it . Many people have criticized the cinematography and pace of this film , but I found these to be all the m ore intriguing . Many times , the lack of light adds suspense and in my opinion , added much to this movie . While I do n't think this movie was the best picture of 1999 -LRB- American Beauty clearly deserved this honor -RRB- , it was the 2nd best . This is the kind of film that , with most , is either loved or hated . I had n't been a particular fan of Michael Mann before , but this totally changed that . Mann 's incredible interest to detail almost makes the film , and Pacino 's performance , that some even consider lackluster , in my opinion nearly outshines others . Russell Crowe as Jeffrey Wigand probably deserved best actor , but Spacey in Beauty showed those same qualities as Pacino in this film ; Pacino should have been up for , if not won , bestsupporting actor . Another award-caliber performance was Diane Venora 's role as Crowe 's wife , Liane Wigand-it was like she was real . This might be the feeling of the entire film-like it 's real . Panoramic views and intense close ups make you feel like you 're in there with Wigand and Bergman . With two of my top 5 choices in the Academy 's as well , I feel this may have been one of those years where you can actually relate with the Academy 's selections ; the Insider totally supports this . Some may find it overly long , some may find it slow , but those with the intellectual capacity to sit still for twenty minutes will be pleasantly rewarded with a splendid movie . A strong five stars !
 Michael Mann is probably the most underapreciated Director in Hollywood . After his epic , `` HEAT '' was butchered for Network Television , bad press surrounded his unwillingness to have his name attached to the hack job . It is understandable as everything in all of his films has significance . And to take aways is to destroy the whole.The Insider continues in his tradition of breathtaking minimalism , and amazing lighting and what more can be said of Al Pacino and Russell Crow . Their performances are phenomenal and the movie , though long , is filled with nuggetts of brilliance and poetry that will take your breath away.Buy this movie ! Watch it at least 5 times .
 The Insider was an amazing film with a great performance by Russell Crowe while Al Pacino gives his usual over the top performance -LRB- which for the most part works in this movie -RRB- . Although the story could 've ended up being another sappy Hollywood `` pus-job '' as someone else put it . Michael Mann uses his great directing skills to turn it into much more . He studies the role ethics play in business and doing the right thing vs. protecting yourself or your family . The only gripe I have with Mann is his choice of music in the film . It 's okay most of the time , but in the end when Al Pacino makes his exit to a bass laden rap/techno fusion soundtrack I 'd had enough . But the rest of the film is so good I added this movie to my collection a couple days after renting it.The DVD transer is good and the sound is good too , but the extras are dissapointing . What they call a making of featurette is actually just a really short -LRB- under 10 minutes -RRB- segment with a couple interviews . A great film that did n't get the treatment it deserves on DVD . Oh well , if you 're a big fan of the film it 'll probably be worth it .
 Dear reader , I was a 5 packs a day man when the insider moved my insides and thus forced a desion from within my soul barren to quit this awful fart inhalation . Well I did n't quit but I changed from a Brown and Williamson product to a Philip Morris product and I now smoke the great Marlboro Reds -LRB- recommend by me -RRB- . But in our hazen discovery of the truth lest us not neglect our shakeperian duty to rise and fall like an empire of sand , liquid sand . dissolving me and you and the constipation and lts us have our deeply desired laxative , yes dear reader , a laxative is what THE INSIDER reminded me of and it is the best laxative of 1999 . But crowe has acne , but I dug venora you know .
 ` Sirus ' is obviously a Steven Segal fan . Sorry , some movies have no guns and explosions .
 A TRUE STORY THAT 'S STILL TOUCHING LIVES TODAY & FOR THE FORSEEABLE FUTURE TOOThe Insider tells the true story of how Jeffrey Wigand -LSB- played by Russell Crowe -RSB- told the world what the major tobacco companies knew and concealed about the dangers posed to consumers by their cigarettes . The Insider is presented with tangible class and with an appropriately heavy docudrama feel . In my opinion , `` The Insider '' is director Michael Mann 's best film to date and was nominated for seven Academy awards . Excellent acting by Pacino , Crowe and Plummer.YES - THERE IS A PRICE TO PAY FOR BEING A WHISTLEBLOWER & IT COMES IN MANY THANKLESS FORMS !!!!! The film 's setting is saturated with an eerie and believable atmosphere of paranoia . The sinking feeling that the unseen enemy -LSB- the tobacco company -RSB- will be coming from somewhere seems to be both infectious and believable throughout the film . The price Wigand pays for his integrity is dear and continues to this day . His personal loss rivals the tobacco company 's but unlike them he consciously decided to do the `` right thing '' regardless of that cost . Amplifying the significance of Wigand 's whistle blowing decision , where in effect 1 man -LSB- Jeffrey Wigand -RSB- does stand up completely alone against the threats of big tobacco , CBS `` Corporate '' caves in to the tobacco company 's lawsuit threats . After taping the interview CBS corporate hits the chicken switch over airing Mike Wallace 's interview with Wigands much as the tobacco company had hoped the wistleblower would have . This subplot through analogy clearly demonstrates the power of one ordinary man against a powerful corrupt system and clearly illustrates how 1 person can still make a big difference . Jeffrey Wigand standing up to be counted did make a difference in this case . A HUGE DIFFERENCE!YES - -1 PERSON CAN MAKE A DIFFERENCE
 Thief , Manhunter , Last of The Mohicans , Heat and The Insider . Perfect 5 movies from the director . Heat 's Al Pacino is with 60 minutes . Based on a true story of a man played greatly by Academy Award nominee Russell Crowe . A pre Gladiator perfromance . About the tobacco industry . Directed by Michael Mann .
 Despite all of the buzz , hype , great reviews and so forth , I maintained a complete lack of interest in seeing The Insider . American Beauty was my movie of the year , and no matter how good Insider was , it could n't surpass that masterpiece . Hmmm ... lesson learned.I think that this is a fantastic movie , primarily as a result of the phenomenal performance of Russel Crowe - for those of you who have seen Gladiator , it 's almost impossible to believe that these charaters are played by the same person . His bearing , demeanor , appearance , movements , etc. ad naseum are so subtle and different that it is a joy to watch!I was skeptical , too , that the story would hold my interest , particularly given the fact that the pulic has been made aware that tobacco companies ' knowledge of the addictive qualities of cigarettes - harldy earthshattering now whether or not it was then . But it is utterly fascinating watching the behind the scenes maneuvering at CBS and the threat of lawsuits should they air the piece . And while Crowe 's character is not the most pleasant of individuals , Crowe manages to make him likable to the extent that you really care about what happens to him as Wigan -LRB- sp ? -RRB- . It is a great movie , and I think EVERONE should be sure not to miss the chance to see it ! This comes with my highest recommendation , despite the fact that one ca n't always quite tell what is the producers ' artistic license and what actually happened !
 American Beauty deserved the oscar , but that 's not to say that The Insider is n't a good movie . Rather I 'd list it as number 2 of the nominees , and for good reason - it 's an amazing film . Both Crowe and Pacino deliver wonderful performances , and the story is an interesting critique on the role of the media and the problems with big business . If I have any complaint of this film , it would be its subjective nature , but that 's to be expected from any film.The Insider is one of the best films of the year , just behind Fight Club and American Beauty.See it !
 The Insider indulges in a brilliant portrayal of behind-the-scenes in the Tobacco Industry . Accurate ? I can only assume so after browsing Brown & Williamson 's homepage - dedicated to how the movie was a mis-portrayal . I 'd say the more they outcry against the movie , the more truthful the account .
 The Insider is a very good movie . That being said , I must say I thought the film was a bit too long . I understand with a suspense-drama of this sort , there must be at least 2 hours of film to make it 's point well understood . I was n't as much bored , as I was wanting the film to end , because of the moments of lag here and there . But again , I was not bored , just curious of when the credits would roll , and desiring this movie to indeed end.The acting in this film is superb . Pacino , as always , gives a riveting performance , and Russel Crowe is excellent . The supporting actors do a remarkable job as well , and that helps this , at times , slow moving picture.I did like the idea , of a movie that honestly -LRB- with poetic license of course -RRB- portrays the corporate tobacco monsters in todays world , and the loop-holes and snags they can twist and turn to get the upperhand and the advantage on the crisis they may face.Based on a true story , this film displays one mans incredible courage to risk everything important to him -LRB- including his family 's and his own life -RRB- , to do what is right ! Everyone of us , at least every DECENT one of us wishes we can be like that at some point or another during our lives . Be the REAL hero . Standing up for what is right , no matter what the cost . Indeed , it was nice to see the hero portrayed by Crowe , a very talented actor ... A four star movie from me because of the gripping drama and superb acting , but I just could n't give it 5 stars , as I really did find myself wanting the film to end . 2 hours and 30 + minutes was just a bit too long for this sort of movie in my opinion . But I would recommend this film to anyone with a passion for great acting and a very good and REALISTIC drama .
 This is a true story about an ex-Tobacco executive who is cohersed into revealing secrets from his job . The Tobacco company where he used to work has made his life , as well as his family 's a living hell . He fights back.This is a very gripping movie . The acting is done exceptionally well by Al Pacino and Russell Crowe , as well as Christopher Plummer . The plot is very well adapted , making it very easy to watch.Good movie , very good acting . A must see .
 I am a Kevin Spacey fan , but in all honesty , Russell deserved to win just as much . This performance is brilliant , the story of Jeffrey Wigand masterfully portrayed and the struggle to bring it to 60 Minutes so well done , that I am amazed at how little exposure this film had .
 Everyone does a great job of acting . I forgot this was a movie as I watched it . I was outraged that the poor smuck that trusted 60 MINUTES to run his expose of the tobacco industry was abandoned by Mike Wallace and his gang and that he lost everything , his retirement income , his home and his wife and litle girls , while Wallace 's big worry was how he would be remembered after he retired from 60 MINUTES .
 If ` Gladiator ' is responsible for introducing me to the one we know as Russell Crowe then ` The Insider ' is responsible for cementing in my psyche the fact that he is capable of just about anything -LRB- on screen that is -RRB- . ` The Insider ' is a far cry from ` Gladiator ' , that 's for sure , but Russell Crowe 's performance is just as if not even more powerful than his Oscar winning portrayal of General Maximus . ` The Insider ' is a dramatic look at the world of politics , in both that of big business and journalism and it does a fantastic job of establishing a view we all can share , letting each and every one of us see for ourselves the good , the bad and the ugly side of it all . Michael Mann delivers an edge of your seat thriller that is not your conventional thriller . I feel the need to say that because if you walk into this film expecting to see something flashy and , for lack of a better word , ` commanding ' -LRB- in a purely Hollywood , Blockbuster sense of the word -RRB- then you will be sorely disappointed . If you walk into this film expecting to see a drama that will force you to think and comprehend what you are witnessing then by all means , sit back and enjoy . ` The Insider ' recounts the true story -LRB- at least for the most part it 's true -RRB- of ` 60 Minutes ' insider Jeffrey Wigand , a former tobacco executive who breaks his contractual agreements and feeds information , confidential information , to ` 60 Minutes ' producer Lowell Bergman . This causes major problems for Wigand and it affects him drastically , causing problems within his family , his marriage but also within the pit of his soul . Wigand is tortured by his decisions for they present him a moral dilemma that he ca n't quite ascertain the correct answer to . As Wigand struggles with his own demons Bergman becomes increasingly insistent and this presents Bergman with his own morality questions that he must decipher himself.Mann 's direction creates a sense of tension , of uneasiness that manifests itself brilliantly within certain sequences of the film . When Wigand is at the driving range for instance the viewer finds himself at the edge of his seat , hair standing on end , holding his breath until the scene is over and all is well . Mann just has a masterful way of unnerving his audience , unraveling the surroundings of his film in such a way that we are left speechless -LRB- check out ` Collateral ' as well for the same effect -RRB- . The script , written by Mann and Eric Wroth -LRB- based on the article by Marie Brenner entitled ` The Man Who Knew Too Much ' -RRB- also helps in this regard for it fleshes out the characters so well we become entangled in their plights and emotionally invest ourselves in their situation.The biggest asset to this film though is the incredible cast , Crowe especially -LRB- so I 'll get to him last -RRB- . Al Pacino has faltered quite a bit in recent years , never really delivering quite like he used to , but here he manages to muster up his flare of yesteryear and deliver a top notch and commanding performance . Christopher Plummer is also very well used as Mike Wallace . His performance is very well grounded and memorable . Diane Venora does n't have a lot to do here but lend support to Crowe and she does a fine job at that . Certain scenes really flesh out her performance , especially the scene when she finds a message on her computer . Philip Baker Hall is always a delight to watch and his contribution to this film does not go unnoticed.That brings us to Crowe , an actor of whom I have no shame in admitting my unfailing devotion and utter admiration . As Jeffrey Wigand , Crowe does what we look for in a performance ... he loses himself in his character . This is something I 've always admired about Crowe 's work but I do n't feel that any performance of his to date comes close to the power behind that of Jeffrey Wigand . This performance is probably my favorite interpretation of a real person in recent years , maybe ever . What makes this such a commanding performance is that Crowe did n't have a gimmick to work with here ; he just had a story to tell . Jeffrey Wigand was n't eccentric , he did n't have a disability ... he was just an average person . So what I mean to say here is that what Crowe did with Wigand is much more difficult that , say what Hoffman did with Truman Capote or what Jamie Foxx did with Ray Charles . There is no ` mimicry ' here ; there is no legend to channel . This is just flawless acting.Crowe does so much acting with his face it becomes impossible not to get lost in his stare . The ways his eyes seem to lose all their valiant energy expertly depict his almost hopeless state as the film progresses . We can read every emotion , from confusion to fear , misery and dread to that devastating feeling of loss and regret that flood his eyes as he watches his world unwind . I love Kevin Spacey , and I love his performance in ` American Beauty ' but there 's no doubt in my mind that Russell Crowe gave the performance of the year in 1999 . ` The Insider ' is a film that will mesmerize and entertain you , make you think and maybe even make you worry but in the end it will make you realize that not all decisions are easy ones to make and not all questions , especially of the moral kind , have a right or wrong answer . Sometimes we are left to find our own ` right ' answer and just pray that it does n't destroy us in the end .
 I had come to expect good things from Michael Mann after seeing `` Heat '' and `` Collatoral '' , and had heard that `` The Insider '' was also worth watching . I heard right as it is now my favorite film from Mann , the story is based on fact about one man who dared to go against the tobacoo company and lost everything because of it . One of the films many strengths are the superb performances by Crowe and Pacino -LRB- Duh -RRB- , they seem as though they could be the actual people who went through the ordeals of all this . Half docudrama half psychological thriller this is a fantastic film not to be missed ! My rating 9.5 / 10 .
 Michael Mann 's The Insider is one of the most important films made since the 1970s . It is a superb dissection of the corporate amorality that is rampant in America and is a seminal film in that it shows the collaboration of the media with the corporate state.Russell Crowe is outstanding as the tobacco company executive turned whistle blower who is betrayed by the powers that be in the media world . Al Pacino is at his best -LRB- and least hammiest -RRB- as the 60 Minutes producer who tries to break Crowe 's story . -LRB- Christopher Plummer also is fine as 60 Minutes correspondent Mike Wallace . -RRB- Mann has a through understanding of the paradoxes of the modern capitalist society . 60 Minutes will not run the story of the whistle blower due to its fiduciary responsibility to its own stock holders since it can not do anything negative that will adversely affect its own financial portfolio and hurt the investment position of its own corporate officers . The only morality , ultimately , is money . This is a world far removed from the Hardy Boys ethos of All the President 's Men.An important film with a great performance by one of the outstanding new talents of the cinema .
 Michael Mann 's THE INSIDER is a gripping drama . It involves Al Pacino as Bergman , a producer for the CBS news show 60 Minutes ; this producer contacts Jeff Wigand -LRB- played by Russell Crowe -RRB- to help him decipher some tobacco company documents . Bergman soon realizes that Wigand has much more to say . As former head of research for a major USA tobacco company , Wigand knows that executives perjured themselves before Congress when they testified that nicotine was not addictive.The movie concerns Bergman 's battle to get Wigand to testify , as well as the unravelling of Wigand 's family after death threats are made on them . Later , Wigand testifies , but CBS ' corporate office `` encourages '' CBS News to run a version of the show without a Wigand interview . `` The Insider '' of the title is surely Wigand , but it could also easily refer to Bergman , as the man inside the news industry who made this all happen.Michael Mann 's directing is expert , and the drama is exciting throughout , until the last 20 minutes or so . The story begins to unravel , and the movie does n't end as tightly as it should . Still , this excellent film was nominated for several Oscars , and it is well worth your time . Both Pacino and Russell Crowe turn in excellent performances , and Gina Gershon shines in a supporting role . Christopher Plummer is awesome and terrifying as Mike Wallace -- that 's the portrayal I will never forget.Four stars
 One of the reviewers stated they could not skip the previews on the DVD version . I have had no such problem . This is an excellent film !
 Before the Academy Awards a couple of years ago , I had only seen one of the several movies nominated for best picture of the year award
 This a beautifully made & deeply spiritual film -LRB- Michael Mann 's best , I think -RRB- about two men who discover the difficulty of achieving success in modern American life when the power structure is controlled by a few multi-billion dollar corperations w / mutual interests . Russle Crowe & Al Pacino 's characters both learn some hard lessons about what being succesfull in the 90 's really requires .
 This film has been described as a David v Goliath story about the exposee of big tobacco , which it certainly is , but what made this picture such an emotional experience was that beneath the surface , was an intimate story of personal struggle among two men , Jeffrey Wigand -LRB- Crowe -RRB- and Lowell Bergman -LRB- Pacino -RRB- . Jeffrey Wigand , the proud , reluctant family man , who went about in blowing the whistle on his former employers , Brown & Williamson , was not protrayed as the typical crusader out to do good for the right cause . He was shown with all of the flaws of human frailties present that contributed to the realism of the movie . The motivation for him to particiapte in an exposee of Brown & Williamson was strictly to preserve his pride as a man of integrity and most of all , to protect his manhood and prevent castration from the powers that be . His reasons for going public were not noble and were not for the right reasons . It was the way the film gave him a full arc in which he began to shape into a real hero doing what he did for the right reasons , made it a movie with great depth and brutal honesty.Aside from those qualities , another admirable quiality about this film were the photography and visual compositions . The visual style this movie carried was just absolutely amazing . And it was n't obstrusive to the story or overly-stylized . Every composition and color scheme were there to add to the atmosphere and storytelling . Michael Mann 's minimalist compositions reminded me of Michelangelo Antonioni 's work that gave this film the detached feeling and presence it required in revealing the anti-social personality and confusion of Jeffrey Wigand . Director MAnn and Dante Spinotti is definitely up there with other frequent dynamic duo Director/DP teams like Steven Spielberg with Janusz Kaminski , Coen Bros. with Roger Deakins , Anthony Minghella with John Seale , Wong Kar Wai with Christopher Doyle , and so on .
 Very few movies show the truth . Al Pacino and Russell Crowe give a powerful performance . This is a masterpiece .
 Gripping tale of two men laying everything on the line for what they believe in . Well-acted by the two leads Russell Crowe as a whistle-blowing former tobacco company executive Jeffrey Wigand , and Al Pacino as maverick `` 60 Minutes '' producer Lowell Bergman , plus a superb performance by Christopher Plummer as Mike Wallace . Overwrought at times but Director Michael Mann successfully maintains a creepy , claustophobic atmosphere throughout , reflecting the pressure and scrutiny on Wigand . Excellent use of music and lighting as well . An usually critical look at big business for a mainstream American non-fiction film .
 This was recommended to me by a quit smoking group . I highly recommend this to smokers/non-smokers alike . If I had known about this , I would have never started smoking . 4 **** !!!
 I have read a few reviews that question the historical accuracy of all the details , and I do not have enough knowledge to know whether it is accurate on every point or not , nevertheless , this is an excellent , contemporary drama.It is extremely realistic whether it is perfectly accurate or not . Again , I do not know if it is or it is n't . This is the movie , to me , that really showed Crowe 's versatility as an actor . He really is outstanding in this movie . When you watch this movie , he portrays Jeffrey Wigand so well it is hard to believe it is Russell Crowe at times.Crowe brilliantly portrays the moral conflict within Wigand -LRB- whether that actually happended or not -RRB- as well as the fear and paranoia he experienced . The journalists and lawyers are all shown in a very realistic manner , which all shows the ordeal Wigand had to have endured during this process.Even though he made no attempt to look like him during this movie , I found Plummer 's portrayal of Mike Wallace to be fascinating . It is hard to put my finger on it , but he really brought a presence to the screen and I loved every scene he was in.This is an exceptional movie . Great acting , great direction , strong tension and drama , very realistic , and a great story to boot . And although it would have been easy to jump on the anti-tobacco bandwagon and turn this into a political statement , he never does . Although I am no fan of big tobacco , I am no fan of Hollywood politics either.One of my top 10 movies .
 This is the true story of Jeffrey Wigand -LRB- Russell Crowe -RRB- , a man who signed a confidentiality agreement before getting fired from a big tobacco company . Hotshot * 60 minutes * producer Bergman -LRB- Al Pacino -RRB- asks Wigand to decipher some technical documents , and soon realizes there 's a bigger story hiding inside Wigand.On top of that , Wigand is recruited to testity in Mississippi for a case that claims cigarettes * are * addictive.The * 60 minutes * piece will eventually be pulled because of corporate pressure . Wigand deals with his personal dilemma , and Bergman battles the corporation.Both men will struggle against Big Tobacco 's attempts to silence them and against the CBS television network 's cowardly complict preference of putting money as a higher priority over the truth.True colors of journalism are shown throughout the film . Director Michael Mann has done a great job portraying journalistic realism . The actors are marvelous , no exception.An emotionally intense drama which reveals the consequences of standing up for the truth .
 This movies ' attention to detail and its realistic vastness is a reflection of the brilliance that is Michael Mann . A must for anyone interested in great filmmaking
 The machine in this case , is big tobacco . It is a giant business that is maybe too much for one man to take on . That is until a guy named Jeffrey Wigand did just that . Russell Crowe has played a lot of main parts before and after this movie , but his portrayal of this man was great . Crowe shows us a solemn , somber man who works for a large tobacco company as a scientist doing research . He has a falling out you could say , and is soon watched , harassed and blackballed . He decides to expose some major truths about what is really going on with the cigarettes and the research going into making them ... well you know . Al Pacino is also in this film and does a fine job as a 60 minutes producer who tries to bring Wigand 's dilemma to the people so they can see for themselves . A lot of Red tape and some big business aspects stand in the way though , and Wigand 's life spirals into further decline . This is a great film and the special features show interviews with the real Mr. Wigand . I did not like Christopher Plummer portraying the part of legendary 60 minutes journalist Mike Wallace though . The two look nothing alike , and Plummer is much larger in size than Wallace . That is the only thing I found wrong with this film . It is very moving and I recommend it .
 Carrying the imprimatur of truth behind it -- and courtesy of Michael Mann 's tense , semi-documentary shooting style -- the shocking events get brought into claustrophobic proximity , holding you breathless . A top-notch thriller by any standard . Both Pacino and Crowe are outstanding .
 a standing-o for russell crowe , al picino and the rest of the cast for some really good acting , not to mention the plot which seemingly has a new twist around every corner . you know , i consider a good movie one which you can watch over and over and still find something new about it , something you missed the first few times ; the insider is one of these movies . its a shame it did n't win any academy awards with all the nominations .
 The Insider is not a movie that will get most people 's blood pumping . However , for me , this movie did just that . Al Pacino 's performance is , as usual , amazing . He never seems to disappoint when he is in front of the camera . Russel Crowe turns in one of the best performances of his career . I thought that his acting job in this movie far exceeded his performance in Gladiator . The movie was a little slow in some places , but the overall tempo was very good . Mann 's direction was excellent in adding different elements just at the right time to keep the story going . Although not the typical action movie that most fans like , this drama is an excellent movie for those who are looking for an interesting movie or for great acting .
 We all know that it 's sometimes worth it to take a second look at a film you may have been dismissive of before . To say , I did n't `` get '' THE INSIDER the first time I saw it would be something of an understatement . I did n't see it as all that revelatory -- '' ` Big tobacco ' corrupt ? '' `` Big media craven ? '' `` Mike Wallace has an ego and a temper on the scale of Mt. St. Helens ? '' Quelle surprise ! There was nothing particularly new about all that . In fact , the only big news was that Russell Crowe was going the DeNiro route and altering his physical appearance for the sake of his art . -LRB- OK , OK , not as extreme but he did put on a few pounds and donned a less than flattering grey toupe . -RRB- Maybe it was something I ate that first time , though , 'cause the second time around , I have to admit , it was pretty riveting . This time out , I found the moral dilemmas facing Crowe 's whistleblower and Pacino 's muckraker TV producer pretty darn fascinating -- despite the fact that I knew how it was all going to turn out . Oh yeah , and I finally got the fact that the title is supposed to be a little ambiguous and that , yes , Pacino 's Lowell Bergman character is an `` insider '' too.Sometimes I 'm a little slow , but eventually , if I 'm lucky , I catch on . THE INSIDER is a quietly powerful and effective film . Apparently , it did n't manage to convince Russell Crowe to quit smoking , but -- as a morality tale and as sheer drama -- it 's still pretty darn effective .
 I just have to say that everything Russell Crowe is in turns to gold . The praise does n't stop there , Al Pacino is in this movie , and he 's always great , and this movie was directed by Michael Mann , the same director of Heat -LRB- with Al Pacino , and the wife ... -RRB- which was also an excellent movie . A friend told me he did n't want to see this movie because it was about smoking . It is certainly not about smoking I told him . It 's so much more than simply `` about smoking '' . Throughout the movie you really start to feel for Crowe who gets screwed for doing the right thing . Anyways , even if you do n't buy this movie , I definitely recommend you spend the ~ $ 3 to rent it ~ Bill Moller
 Al Pacino and Russell Crowe team up under the directorial guidance of Michael Mann to conjure up the most convincing morality play offered last year . -LRB- OK , so there were n't that many offered up . -RRB- And though The Insider may be the story of a tobacco industry whistleblower , rather than a guns-ablazin ' thriller like Heat or Miami Vice , the movie nonetheless bears Mann 's distinctive imprint , reveling as it does in color and style . In those wind-blown beach scenes where Pacino is howling into his cell phone , you almost expect to see Tubbs and Crockett strolling by in the background.Pacino gives a more nuanced version of his trademarked rant 'n rave performance and makes for a believable Lowell Bergman . Plummer is certainly solid , too . But it 's Crowe 's performance that commands your attention . Who 'd have thought the overweight grey-haired bloke in this movie could be the same ancient warrior with an Aussie accent in Gladiator . Crowe gives a detailed , affecting performance in a role which portrays Jeffrey Wigand realistically , not just as a hero , but as a human.There are moral complications in this movie aplenty , and , if Mann has meddled with the facts , he has still striven to do a better job of representing what happened than Oliver Stone did in JFK . Even without the gunfire , this moral tale is a thriller .
 I think that the war against Nicotine is not an easy one to engage in.This film is very interesting and touches the life of an individual who had to go through hell to do the moral thing.Both Pacino and Crowe did a good job . However , the movie was VERY slow paced ; and could have possibly been covered in half the time.Good point nonetheless . I am a Nicotine Addict by the way , and I have been living without Nicotine for the last 4 months .
 The Insider is a brillant , engrossing movie about Dr.Jeffery Wigand a tobacco scientist at Brown & Williamson . He is unfairly fired from his job and after much soul searching Dr.Wigand decides to blow the whistle . He contacts 60 minutes producer Lowell Bergman to reveal what the tobacco industry has been hiding from the general public.Lowell wants the story , however Wigand is reluntance to reveal all of the information because of outside pressure . Eventually both men agree to do the story with Mike Wallace performing the interview . The problem is Wigand is violating his agreement with Brown & Williamson not to reveal any information and the company issues a gag order against him . The bigwigs at CBS decide not air the story because of ligitation.I found Russell Crowe , Al Pacino , and Christopher Plummer performances compelling and awesome . I often asked myself if I would put my family in hardship over the great good of truth . This movie really puts that issue in prespective . I would recommend this movie .
 When I first went to see this movie , I wa n't sure if I would like it . . I mean , the idea of a man who is blowing the whistle on the cigarette industry seemed a bit dry and far fetched to me . However , I was very pleasantly surprised and I thoroughly believe this is the best film of 1999 . Russell Crowe is nothing short of phenomenal as Jeffrey Wigand . To think that hunk of a man turned himself into an overweight , middle aged business man fascinates me.Pacino was terrific as well . I felt it was his strongest performance since `` Scent of a Woman '' . Now for the story , well , it is throughly intriguing . It is suspenseful and really draws you into the characters , the events , and the whole reality of it.The Insider is well written and well acted and definitely worth viewing .
 I loved `` American Beauty '' , but `` The Insider '' was right up there with it in all of its palpably affecting state . I swallowed every scene like it was water , twitched at every misfortune that fell upon its characters . Both Pacino and Crowe are extraordinarily convincing and compelling , and for us to sit there and hear their their frantic attempts to resolve their problem is like sitting in cold water , or boiling water . Powerful and terribly compelling , `` The Insider '' is one of the top films of the year . It 's way up there .
 This is an absolutley incredible film . Prepare to be totally enthralled by some of the best performances you are likely to see for a while and to be blown away by a gripping true story.At nearly three hours the film pulls you into Dr Wigland 's -LRB- an excellent performance from Russell Crowe -RRB- and a CBS news reporter 's -LRB- an always great Pacino -RRB- dilemma . Should they contravene a corporate gagging order and the threat of a multi million dollar lawsuit . Watching Wigland 's crashing descent into silent despair is a heart breaking experience made all the more emotional by some very moving background music.This is really a story of integrity in the face of adversity . Would you put your life on the line
 Words can not describe the artwork and character depth displayed in this film . This is a masterpiece of filmmaking . A lot of times you can tell a great film when it does poorly at the box office but well in the eyes of critics . This is one of those cases . For all those folks who do n't go watch a movie at the theater to wait for video because they are n't sure that they will like it-my advice is get it , watch it , and then think of the powerful lessons it teaches about many facets of your own life while it is still fresh on your mind . Yes it is still a hollywood movie and therefore candy coated but it comes as close to the truth as any film ever dares to try .
 After ripping myself from a theater seat after seeing `` Heat '' for the first time , I thought I would never see a better movie . I was proven wrong however , now that I have seen `` The Insider '' , furtunately , it was Michael Mann that proved me incorrect.The use of Crowe and Pacino in this film was a graet balance of acting skill . I was surprised by Pacino 's decrease in volume in this movie after such great performances in `` The Devil 's Advocate '' and `` Heat '' . Michael Mann also has a keen eye for fantastic use of the camera in this film . -LRB- ... -RRB-
 `` The Insider '' is smart , arresting film-making . The performances are just about perfect . Dante Spanotti 's cinematography has a documentary feel to it . When I saw this movie , I did n't recognize Russell Crowe as Dr. Jeffery Wigand . His character was a 53-year-old tabbaco whistle-blower , with gray hair and glasses , and Crowe played him convincingly . The script is probably the high point of this movie . It knows a lot about tabbaco , TV media journalism , family , and other everyday-life things . There 's real tension , dread , and accuracy in this movie . Al Pacino has done probably his best work in quite some time . As Lowell Bergman , former `` 60 Minutes '' executive-producer , Al gives all the information we know or want to know about tabbaco . I saw this movie in theaters two times and watched it in widescreen on video . It looks better in widescreen because the camera is hand-held and gives the movie a documentary feel . For those who missed it in theaters , I have one piece of advice
 I did n't go to the cinema to watch this movie because I thought it 's 3 hours length would have put me to deep sleep . Then , I reasoned the imposssibility of a director to dwell on an issue for 3 hours when we already knew beforehand that smoking is bad for you . Well , I will have to put my hands up in air & admitted defeat as this movie is compelling to watch . It could be the tightness of the script , the intensities of the main characters ; played so well by Al Pacino , Russell Crowe -LRB- with his new found American accent -RRB- , Christopher Plummer -LRB- a far cry from his Sound of Music day -RRB- ; brilliant directions by Mann ; or semi documentary format of the movie . I had watched his previous offerings such as The Last of the Mohicans , Heat but The Insider would have to be my all-time favourite . I admired Wigand 's bravery for standing up against the big giant corporation amid losing everything that he 's owned , the loyalty of the Producer of 60 minutes for not hanging out Wigand to dry . Whilst it 's true that in real life , that might not be the whole truth but the ideal is definitely worth reminding . One thing that niggled me would be Mann 's usage of same actor & actress in his other movie such as Al Pacino -LRB- who could fault him ? -RRB- & also the lady who played his wife in Heat , who played Wigand 's wife in this movie . Highly recommended . Wide screen format is an extra bonus .
 To the people complaining that this film deviates from the factual record , I suggest spending a few minutes meditating on the difference between drama and real life . Real life is `` polluted '' with random distractions , irrelevant interludes , and semi-coherent utterances . Drama must be shaped to express and clarify issues that might otherwise be buried beneath the noise.Consider the decision to split the story between the whistleblower and the 60 Minutes associate producer . While Wigand is frequently referred to as the `` insider , '' the story really sets up a symmetry between the two men . They are both insiders and whistleblowers . The story skillfully contrasts how each individual tackles the fundamental question of whether to adhere to idealistic principles or to protect their personal circumstances , of whether to sacrifice for causes bigger than themselves.The meaning of the actual events is that tobacco companies are exposed , litigation moves forward , personal fortunes are won and lost , etc. . But the filmmaker makes these issues coexist with universal questions of personal responsibility , and that is the art of this very fine film .
 Or the Ronnie Reagan of the left . I mean this in both the positive sense that he is a cultural hero , and in the negative sense that he is a celluloid hero . I have seen so many Al Pacino movies that I feel not only that I know him , but that he is actually a character from my own life . I like him here as Lowell Bergman , a radical ex-Ramparts Magazine editor grown into middle age but still fighting the good fight from within the establishment of CBS and 60 Minutes . His hair still flies about , showing that he is a free soul who cares more about substance than appearance . -LRB- We realize that the dye job is a necessary concession to the media world in which he lives . -RRB- And the passion still burns bright in his dark eyes , and he 's still as wiry as a teenager.But is this history ? Is this the truth about what happened with Jeffrey Wigand , big tobacco and CBS ? Or this `` revisionist history '' dressed up dramatically to make the good guys look good and the bad guys look bad ? I wish I could say this is how big time journalism really works , and that we have been afforded a true view inside the system . But it 's hard to tell where the truth leaves off and dramatic license takes over . We learned in journalism long ago that there is no real objectivity ; that all is to some extent interpretive . In fact I recall a college text we used in the sixties with the -LRB- then -RRB- arresting title , `` Interpretive Journalism . '' Today 's text might be called `` Subjective Journalism '' and tomorrow 's `` The Age of Tabloid Journalism . `` Nonetheless , this is a very good movie . The script by Michael Mann and Eric Roth sparkles with the immediacy of today 's headlines , and Mann 's direction is clean , crisp and dramatically very sharp . Russell Crowe as Wigand , the biochemist who blew the whistle on big tobacco and lost his wife and children to divorce in the process , is excellent . His subtle and restrained interpretation of Wigand reminds me so much of those guys from my generation who opted for the security of the corporate structure , only in his case the misgivings got to him . Diane Venova is chilling in a small role as his wife , a house and home centered woman who leaves him because she does n't think it 's fair to subject her and the children to the dangers and financial uncertainties of his whistle-blowing activities . Wigand is the reluctant hero and she is the woman who did not stand by her man.Christopher Plummer does a good job of playing 60 Minutes 's Mike Wallace , who gets plenty of egg on his face here . He looks pathetic in the scene where he talks about what he will be remembered for . I 'm sure Wallace is mad as hell about the portrayal , but I do n't think anybody is going to sue the producers of this movie , since it is so popular and so much in tune with what most of us believe to be true . Gina Gershon appears briefly as a greedy bottom line lawyer who cares nothing about journalism or the ethics of journalism.John Wayne fought the enemies of our culture on celluloid with true grit and an unwavering , if sometimes moronic , sense of what 's right . Al Pacino does the same here , except our enemies have changed and what 's right is n't so clear anymore and the war room has become the board room . The really melancholy thing is I guess I wanted to believe in John Wayne when I was a kid , and now as a middle aged man , I want to believe in Al Pacino and 60 Minutes . This movie helps .
 60 Minutes ' famous journalistic lense is turned back on itself in one of the most exciting dramatic films of 1999 . Aside from the great performances by nearly all concerned , the story is - from start to finish - riveting.At its core , it 's the battle of one ordinary man 's battle between losing everything he holds dear , family and reputation , and what he knows to be the right thing - exposing the tobacco industry 's efforts to chemically engineer cigarettes to be more addictive . Along the way , watch as 60 Minutes exec . producer Don Hewitt is seen caving to corporate pressure to cut the story to shreds because the corporate division is concerned the segment may lead to a lawsuit that will jeopardize an unannounced sale of the network to Westinghouse and the resulting big bonuses and salaries to corporate executives and a sleazy lawyer -LRB- is there any other kind ? -RRB- delisciously played by Gina Gershon.Russell Crowe , Al Pacino and Christopher Plummer hold nothing back in their performances . For anyone who 's ever been curious about how a news organization works -LRB- or stumbles occasionally -RRB- , this film provides the insight . The DVD is a wonderful transfer , also .
 ` Expert Craftsmanship ' is the only way to describe this movie . Sublime performances by Al Pacino and Christopher Plummer . But Russell Crowe does more than prove he is a good actor and creates an astonishing characterization of Jeffrey Wigand , he really gets under this guy 's skin and ultimately ` becomes ' Wigand . Great use of sound and editing , the hand-held cinematography created an extremely realistic and intense atmosphere , also great background music . There are some truly awe-inspiring scenes , one of these such scenes is when Wigand is sitting alone in his hotel room and Lowell Bergman -LRB- Pacino -RRB- is on a beach trying to get him on the phone , and then we see the walls of the hotel room remind Wigand of what he loved most and lost . Attention to detail and expert direction by Michael Mann . One of the best films of 1999 . Only flaw is that Al Pacino 's character was over-idealized , but maybe it was the only way to make us believe that he did n't manipulate Wigand into doing it . A Must-See . From a scale of 1-10 I give this film a 9 !
 Michael Mann , one of the finest of American directors , brings to the screen an important story with `` The Insider . '' This is a film I would compare to Oliver Stone 's `` JFK . '' Al Pacino and Russell Crowe give incredible performances . The writing , cinematography and the entire structure of the film are exquisite . Mann and his co-writer , Eric Roth -LRB- Forrest Gump -RRB- expertly take a simple 60 Minutes news story and turn it into a thrilling story . Mann adds a Hitchcockian feel to the atmosphere , a certain tense paranoia . `` The Insider '' is extremely effective because it 's also a great parable on the dangers of telling the truth when a large entity does not want that certain truth to be known . Who cares about dramatic license ? It 's what the film says that counts . `` The Insider '' is suprerior to Mann 's previous work , `` Heat , '' which is the best cop thriller I have ever seen . This is an important , exquisite work .
 I was n't quite sure if I would like this film or not , it did n't appeal to me too much in theaters and when it got the Oscar nomination it was already out of theaters , so I hd to wait to see it on DVD . -LRB- I rented it a few days before it was officially released . -RRB- I only wish I had it for a few more days so I could watch it again . It is one of those movies you think about for a few days after you watch it ... I am considering buying it . The direction was outstanding , and I believe this movie is probably better than any of the other nominees , excluding AMERICAN BEAUTY , which I still have n't seen . I can see why so many critics loved this film , it really gets into the conflict and the characters . There is some good acting here , especially from Al Pacino -LRB- who perhaps should have been nominated instead of Sean Penn -RRB- , Christopher Plummer , and Russel Crowe , who WAS nominated . I also really liked Gina Gershon in her small role . Overall , well-acted and extremely well-directed , engrossing with great music and good ending . I recommend this to any fan of dramas .
 If you did n't get a chance to see The Insider back in 1999 when it came out , rent it today . The film has a stellar cast , including Al Pacino , Russell Crowe , and Chistopher Plummer , and it does an excellent job of depicting the personal sacrifices whistleblowers make when they stand up to corporations engaged in wrongdoing.Russell Crowe plays Dr. Jeffrey Wigand , a biochemist , whose whistleblowing activities eventually led to the historic $ 368 billion settlement between the tobacco industry and the attorneys general of 40 states on June 20 , 1997 . Wigand served as Vice President of Research and Development for Brown and Williamson Tobacco Corporation from December 1988 to March 1993 . During his time at Brown and Williamson , Wigand learned that the company enhanced the effect of nicotine in its products through the use of chemical additives . It also became clear to Dr. Wigand that the tobacco industry was deliberately misrepresenting tobacco as a non-addictive substance.Brown and Williamson eventually fired Dr. Wigand , and it gave him a severance package and made him sign a non-disclosure agreement in the hope that he would keep quiet . However , in 1995 , Dr. Wigand went public with his damning information about Brown and Williamson and the tobacco industry.Dr . Wigand gave a deposition in 1995 for a lawsuit brought by the State of Mississippi against the tobacco industry for health care cost reimbursement . -LRB- Mississippi was the first in a long line of states to become involved in tobacco litigation -RRB- . Later , in early 1996 , Dr. Wigand was interviewed on 60 Minutes for what would become an enormously controversial segment . The interview did not air until 1999 due to various delays . CBS refused to broadcast it for several months because the network was concerned that Brown and Williamson would sue it for tortious interference . The network was afraid that Brown and Williamson would claim that CBS had caused Wigand to break his confidentiality agreement with his former employer by doing the interview.The Insider does an excellent job of exploring the fallout from Wigand 's revelations and its effect on his personal life . Wigand began to fear for his family 's safety-justifiably-after receiving death threats . In one particularly chilling instance , someone left a bullet in Wigand 's mailbox . This incident is depicted in the film with Crowe/Wigand opening his mailbox and bending down to look inside . A camera at the opposite end of the mailbox shows a bullet standing on its flat end directly on top of the mail , almost in silhouette against Wigand 's face . The threats eventually required Wigand to be guarded at all times by two ex-secret service agents.Unfortunately , the stress surrounding Wigand 's public disclosures ended his marriage . Wigand also experienced a big change in socioeconomic status after he was forced out of his lucrative tobacco excutive position and became a high school teacher . To add insult to injury , Brown and Williamson mounted a disgraceful smear campaign , complete with a 500-page dossier intended to portray Wigand as a liar . The dossier was given to The Wall Street Journal , which , after an investigation , found that many of the claims made against Wigand were `` backed by scant or contradictory evidence '' or `` demonstrably untrue . `` After you 've watched the film , visit Dr. Wigand 's website to see what this famous whistleblower is up to now . -LRB- written by The Qui Tam Team , -LSB- ... -RSB- -RRB-
 Whether you care about the politics of The Insider or not , as far as sheer entertainment goes this film will hook you instantly.The film is directed by Michael Mann , with a script by Mann and Oscar-winner Eric Roth . Mann is a talented director with just a few failures under his belt . The Insider is one of his strongest directorial efforts and also one of his most overlooked -LRB- despite being nominated for 7 Academy Awards in 1999 -RRB- . The film is based on a true story with some added content for dramatic effect . Russell Crowe plays Dr. Jeff Wigand , recently fired from his job at one of the biggest tobacco companies in America where he worked as a tobacco scientist . Al Pacino plays `` 60 Minutes '' producer Lowell Bergman , who sees the ultimate insider in Wigand . The problem is , Wigand has a confidentiality agreement with the company and with an asthmatic daughter he does n't want to lose his medical coverage that was part of his severance package . Of course , the more Wigand discloses to Bergman , the more the truth comes out about corruption in the tobacco industry.And it would n't be a political-thriller without Wigand being follows and receiving death threats.I doubt much of the talk about the harmful effects of nicotine and cigarettes will be entirely new to viewers , yet this does n't keep both the film and Wigand 's testimony from being riveting.In a film that 's already very well-made , the stand-out was the acting . Pacino , Crowe , and Christopher Plummer -LRB- as `` 60 Minutes '' anchor Mike Wallace -RRB- are all at the top of their form . Al Pacino is , of course , one of the most highly-regarded actors of all time so this statement is n't too profound . But Pacino is fascinating here , keeping you glued to your screen . The man has a screen presence that is unmatched and delivers some truly Oscar-worthy work here . Crowe plays the conflicted everyman very well . His performance is much more subtle than Pacino 's flamboyant one but equally satisfying . Finally , Plummer comes out of left field with his performance , easily one of his best . He just about steals the show from Pacino and Crowe.First class entertainment with a powerful agenda , The Insider is quite simply a great film . Not only that , it 's one of the best films I 've seen in the political-thriller genres -LRB- in which I 'd include films likeSyriana -LRB- Widescreen Edition -RRB- andMichael Clayton -LRB- Widescreen Edition -RRB- -RRB- . This is great filmmaking , with a powerful script , explosive acting , and terrific dialogue -LRB- made even better by the intense delivery -RRB- . The awe-inspiring performances of Pacino , Crowe , and Plummer are reason enough to see the film . It might be 2 hours and 33 minutes long , but as you 'll see ... It flies by.GRADE
 I grabbed this movie because it was the only one still available in the video store on a Saturday night . The movie far exceeded my expectation ! It is definitely one that is able to move you so far as thinking about humanity , ethics , broken life , integrity , and so many more issues faced by the society . The movie succeeded in presenting the viewers with the dilemmas faced by each party involved that it 's almost impossible to blame any of them for the decision they had to make to protect themselves.This tobacco case might have been widely known at the time it happened , but what it did to Wigand 's and Lowell 's personal life was something that the public never quite understood . What makes this movie particularly special is its ability to bring the viewers personally inside the world and individual struggles of these two characters.Thumbs up to Al Pacino , and a special salute to Russell Crowe 's Oscar-worthy performance !
 Based on a true story about a 1994 `` 60 Minutes '' episode on criminal intrigue in the tobacco industry , an episode that was first killed because CBS was reluctant to step into the ring with opponents who had the will and perhaps the means to break the network financially . The story was revived and eventually aired on `` 60 Minutes '' as a description of how pressure from big business had been applied to keep the original story off the air.We 'll wait a long time for another docudrama of this caliber . Explosive conflicts between genuine superpowers , pretty much based on fact , just kept rolling out . First there was the one between Brown & Williamson tobacco company and its former scientist Jeffrey Wigand -LRB- played by Russel Crowe in the movie -RRB- . In real life , Wigand was appalled by the knowledge that tobacco executives knew very well that nicotine was a strong addictive . He was incensed that seven of them flatly denied that fact in sworn testimony before Congress . Not only that , but Wigand knew that tobacco was being laced with additives that made it even more addictive . Anyone who has quit smoking knows just how addictive nicotine truly is , and how long the withdrawal period is.Wigand somehow released incriminating evidence which reached writer Marie Brenner . Her article in Vanity Fair magazine , `` The Man Who Knew Too Much '' , was picked up on the radar at `` 60 Minutes '' . Not surprisingly , it did not escape notice by the powers at Brown & Williamson , who intensified the heat they were already applying to Wigand.After B&W learned that `` 60 Minutes '' was flirting with the story , the second major conflict began festering as B&W and `` 60 Minutes '' flexed their muscles in dead earnest . When veteran producer Lowell Bergman -LRB- Al Pacino -RRB- cranked up his tooth drill and began getting right down into live nerves , the resulting battle - threats of multi-billion-dollar lawsuits and personal attacks on everybody in sight -- would intensify until Bergman was ultimately driven into retirement and Mike Wallace -LRB- Christopher Plummer -RRB- was face-to-face with the major ethical and pragmatic dilemma of his long television career . Wallace would prove to grit his teeth and do the right and courageous , if dangerous , thing.Still another conflict involved Brown & Williamson 's lawyers and the Mississippi Attorney General 's office , with Wigand in the middle . Whether or not it came about exactly as presented does n't matter ; the screen version had foundation in fact and was truly frightening movie drama . The conflict escalated into out-and-out war , the outcome of which was infinitely gratifying.The minefield B&W laid before Jeffrey Wigand , and ultimately before Mike Wallace and CBS , was intimidating in the extreme . Only a person who has been the target of a large and powerful law firm representing a money-is-no-object client can truly appreciate the horrible weapons in their arsenal , and how skilled and ruthless they are at deploying them . Director Michael Mann did a fine job of illustrating that the minefield would have been seen as impenetrable by most sane mortals.CBS caved in and ordered the story canceled . But Lowell Bergman was a grizzled veteran of journalistic warfare . By leaking information and planting innuendoes in critical places he blew the shackles off the story . It was Bergman 's charisma , too , that kept Wigand 's will from flagging . The Wall Street Journal ran with the story -LRB- winning a Pulitzer Prize -RRB- and the lid was blown off . His job done , a dispirited Lowell Bergman left CBS and `` 60 Minutes . '' The confrontation between big tobacco and a lone scientist with a conscience was the first shot in a war that ended with a quarter-trillion-dollar settlement of a suit brought by most of the 50 states.Al Pacino has an outstanding role as Bergman and plays it magnificently - positively great casting . Russell Crowe is perfect as a reluctant combatant , but one driven to right a terrible wrong . He draws a real line in the sand with this performance and backs it up in The Gladiator.Two and a half hours of fine , fine entertainment . Not one second of dead air space , either . This is another movie that those who appreciate the cream of the crop will want to watch many times . -LRB- Read Amazon 's words above about why this video costs so much . You might want to wait . -RRB-
 For me , this film ranks up there with `` The Shawshank Redemption '' , `` Heat '' , and `` Casino '' as far leaving you just completely ... satisfied -LRB- I guess that 's the best word to use -RRB- Extremely suspenseful , with a few spots of humor , and a conflict between characters unmatched in any other movie , this movie leaves a good taste in your mouth.Just a side-note - For someone who played `` Jack Dalton '' on MacGuyver , Bruce McGill is a really cool actor
 As a story and a piece of film-making , this is a true masterpiece , without the hype.The best of their fields have collaborated to make it all come together perfectly -LRB- Pacino , Crowe , Plummer , Mann and Roth - to name but a few -RRB- . However thought-provoking it is , it must be remembered that the film is not a documentary but a dramatisation BASED on fact.For competing views on what constitutes the actual truth , take look at Jeff Wigand 's web-site and that of Brown & Williamson.The movie challenges you to think about the broader ethical issues in corporate America -LRB- and elsewhere -RRB- . As such , I found it to be one of the best movies I have ever had the pleasure of watching -LRB- more than once -RRB- .
 ... to know what the movie is really about , and even then I 'm not sure I caught everything . There were some great movies released in 1999 , but as far as what movie had the most balls , for me it 's a toss-up between Michael Mann 's meticulously crafted `` The Insider '' and `` South Park '' . Personally , I see this movie as an indictment of all corporations , be it Big Tobacco or the CBS Television Network . It 's up to strong-minded individuals like the Al Pacino character to keep these bastards in check .
 I was n't expecting much from a `` based-on-a-true-story '' movie but this was just plain amazingly well-done . It was n't just Al Pacino and his intensity or Christopher Plummer and his eerie similiarity with Mike Wallace -LRB- which I totally believed -RRB- , but my God , Russell Crowe ! He gave an amazing performance . The subtlety of his expressions and that accent !! Where did that come from ? This movie just shows the range he can perform , from Neo Nazi in Romper Stomper to strong-arm cop in L.A. Confidential to this quiet man who has the biggest secret in the world to tell . If you love an `` actor 's movie '' this is totally your movie to watch .
 ... but I enjoyed this film enough to write about it . The things I liked most about the film were the characters , and the tension . Al Pacino -LRB- as Lowell Berghman -RRB- and Russell Crowe -LRB- as Jeffery Wigand -RRB- were terrific . There protrayals were heartfelt and believeable . The woman who played Wigand 's wife was weak , but in some sense she was good because you started to hate her for her lack of virtue . As for the tension , throughout nearly the entire film there is this palpable feeling that someone is going to be knocked off , or something is going to pop onto the screen to make you jump . The odd thing is that very little actually happens in the film -LRB- you could probably summarize it in 10 sentences -RRB- , but you 're gripped all the way through . My only complaint is that it was a bit too long . After 2:30 + it starts to get a little dull , and the tension is n't enough to keep you glued to the seat . Nonetheless this film is very much worth it .
 I 've already seen this movie twice , & I know I will see it several more times . It 's amazing the details that are revealed from behind the scenes of 60 Minutes , as well as what goes on in Corporate America . This movie will keep you on the edge of your seat , & I promise you , you will NOT be bored with this one ! Absolutely compelling , stunning , interesting , & riveting ! If you have n't seen it yet , get thee hence to Blockbuster , & do it NOW !
 I originally saw this movie at the cinema , and while I definitely enjoyed it , I did not find myself thoroughly satisfied . However , the acting was of such a high calibre that I rented it to watch again and see what I missed the first time . The second viewing was somewhat of a revelation . What an amazing film ! I believe it plays better on the small screen . The subtleties of the narrative and the acting are outstanding . I was completely absorbed in the story and , after purchasing the disc , have loved it as much , if not more , on repeat viewings . I think that The Insider can be ranked , along with Being John Malkovich , as the best film of 1999 . With regards to the dvd , the picture quality is excellent but Disney has not given this film the packing it deserves . There are no extras worth mentioning except for an all too brief `` Inside a Scene '' . However , as with The Sixth Sense , they did manage to put unavoidable previews at the beginning of the disc . Shame on you Disney for not giving this remarkable film the kudos it deserves .
 Micheal Mann is best known for directing : Supense Thriller-Manhaunter -LRB- 1986 -RRB- , Adventure/Romance/Drama-The Last Of The Mochicans -LRB- 1992 -RRB- and Action/Drama-Heat -LRB- 1995 -RRB- . Everybody known This film is based on a True story , despite of some fiction characters in this film . The film about a man named Jeffrey Wigand -LRB- Extremly well played performance by Russell Crowe , his best since L.A. Confidential . -RRB- quits his job at tobacco company , because of a Drug , making people very addicted to cigarette smokers . Then me meets , a reporter named Lowell Bergman -LRB- Al Pacino in a fine performance -RRB- , also a Producer for CBS . Jeffrey want to tell the truth about the company , he ` s working for but Jeffery signed a company agreement to not talked outside about any secrets to the tobacco company . Since he tell some truth about his ex-employee to the reporter . Now jeffrey is receive some death treats from his ex-employee , also his wife and his two childrens are in danger also.After Jeffery is being interview by Mike Wallace -LRB- Strong Performance by Christopher Plummer -RRB- for a CBS special is not live but recorded by Wallace producer : Bergman . The Real Problem start , when controversy about Jeffrey Wigand interview to too hot for T.V. and CBS may not air the CBS Special , for being too much information by Jeffrey , because are scare to air his interview with being sued by Tobacco Company . Telling the truth is more complicated than any thing of the life of Jeffery Wigand.This is an very strong film , also best film of 1999 . The film recieve 7 academy awards nominations , too bad , it ` s did n`t win nothing . Russell Crowe should have win for Best Actor , -LRB- Kevin Spacey , His performance is very strong also in American Beauty , he win for Best Actor . -RRB- But Crowe was the best on the another four actors , was nominated for best actor . Micheal Mann directing also and His Screenplay with Oscar Winner Screenplay writer-Eric Roth , he ` s known and Win the Screenplay adapation of the book-Forrest Gump . Best Casting is Canadian actor
 I find it interesting the mixed reviews for this movie . I will agree with most in that it 's not a movie for everyone . I 'm an indie film maker and I appreciate this movie for many reasons.Of course many find the plot `` too complicated '' or `` boring '' but most of you should realize that those are the people that love movies where all the hard parts are spelled out so you do n't have to think . This movie is thought provoking and after a few viewings you begin to pick up on more of the plot.I ca n't possibly find why many have said the acting is horrible , Milla Jovavich and Jeremy Davies play very creative and supportive roles to each other . It 's obvious it 's not Mel Gibson 's best role but the script was n't written for him to be the leading star . If anyone would take the time to look into more of the story behind this film -LRB- other than the DVD extras -RRB- they 'd appreciate it more . The atmosphere and tone set in the movie create a chilling emotion , which the music matches quite successfully . If you 're a fan of U2 then you should appreciate the soundtrack , although it 's a lot less complex -LRB- than any other U2 stuff -RRB- and something to listen to on a rainy day , it 's good music . I listened to the music before I saw the movie and I enjoyed it.Overall the movie is good . It 's not the best movie I 've ever seen but I really like the mood you get from it . In my opinion you should see it for yourself . If you 're really scared about wasting a few hours then maybe you should find other things to do with your busy life than watch movies . Maybe you 'll see it as a waste time maybe you 'll love it , but atleast you 've seen it .
 I was forced to watch this movie through a group of friends , all U2 fanatics . Being a U2 fan myself , the decision to watch this film was a bit difficult as I did not wish to have to see what happens when one of Bono 's big ideas fails.The funny thing about being a fan is that you feel embarrassed for the star when he makes a fool of himself , even if he does n't -LRB- it 's like wanting all your friends to like your boyfriend . Naturally , I was a bit apprehensive.I sat down in front of my TV preparing to admit that there were certain things even Bono -LRB- God bless him -RRB- could n't pull off , writing the story for a movie being one of them . I just could n't imagine anyone who was gifted at so many things . Within five minutes of viewing , all of my misgivings fell away . The movie somehow made an incredibly far-out idea real . From the moment you hear Tom Tom say `` I just realized ... life is perfect '' your heart and soul are drawn in to this character 's plight , wishing he would live happily ever after , while knowing all along this is impossible . Jeremy Davies does an incredible job portraying Tom , as does Milla Jovovich Eloise . Where any other woman as beautiful as she would look insanely out of place playing a poor prostitute , she pulls it off -LRB- seemingly -RRB- effortlessly . The soundtrack becomes an intregal part of the story expressing every emotion touched on during the movie . Ironically , the worst performance comes from Mel Gibson , who does not wake up until at least midway through the movie . Never the less , the film is beautiful . I fully recall sitting , staring at the screen , not breathing for a full minute after the last scene . It was that good . If this is what we can expect from Bono the scriptwriter , more power to him .
 I happened to tune into this movie about halfway through at 4 in the morning . The first thing I noticed was Mel Gibson , who turned out to be the only thing I did n't really like about the movie , and I was about to change the channel , but the character Tom kept me interested . What unfolded before me was not an `` art film , '' but a love story and a slightly comical , ironic murder ` mystery ' -LRB- mostly mysterious because I did n't see the first half -RRB- . The character Eloise was probably my favorite and in my opinion the most moving element of the movie , partly because she reminds me of someone I used to know -- a real person whose emotion I could feel . I did n't even know this was a `` U2 movie '' or that more than one song on the soundtrack was by them until I read some of the reviews this morning , which was probably a good thing ; admittedly , I would have been a little turned off by the fact if I 'd known . But the soundtrack fits for the most part and I did n't find it dull . I would definitely describe this film as a `` more feral version of American Beauty , '' as a previous reviewer has stated , in many aspects . One last thing
 I loved this DVD . Million Dollar Hotel is an art film . One ca n't come to this movie with James Bond expectations . The film is jam-packed with stars . Jeremy Davies is breathtaking as Tom-Tom . He literally dances his part with springs and leaps substituting for steps , and gestures borrowed from a Japanese Kabuki play . His portrayal of a mentally-challenged person is pure cinematic poetry . The love story is very simple , very pure , very odd , but totally engaging . Mel Gibson as the ex-freak who used to have a hand growing out of his back must have wanted to work with Wim Wenders . We lose much of the humor we usually get from his performances . Amanda Plummer and Bud Cort as two of the residents of Million Dollar Hotel shine . Plummer is particularly touching as she goes up to the millionaire father of the dead man and introduces herself as his fiance by throwing her arms around him and saying , `` Dad ! '' Jimmy Smits was on holiday in the movie as Geronimo , the artist who paints in tar and tries to scam the art world . Wenders ' stately style gives a sense of poetry to the mentally ill . The film might seem to drag a bit . Davies ' performance and the bizarre editing cuts propel the film . Bono 's soundtrack blends well . If you are looking for something a bit different , discover this gem .
 In some ways , Wim Wenders ' Million Dollar Hotel plays like a more feral version of American Beauty - both films begin with narration from the other side , and invite the viewer to experience the last week of the narrator 's lives . And both films are in the heightened `` Magic Realism '' style -LRB- the style that allowed flower petals to burst from a cheerleaders blouse in American Beauty , and which allows jump cuts and speed changes in Hotel -RRB- . Wenders film is more challenging and ultimately more rewarding an experience than Beauty in that there is no outwardly tranquil world in this film for viewers to safely relate to ; the interesting assortment of lives in the Hotel are fractured through and through , some of them painfully so , others -LRB- like a man who believes he did the studio recordings for the Beatles -RRB- amusingly so . These characters are too insane to be figured out intellectually , you must surrender to a more feral version of thought in order to enter their world . `` Skinner tried to play dumb ... but he was out of his league '' is the narrator 's description of a detective who arrives at the Hotel on a murder case , and the description is also a challenge to the audience . The detective 's case serves as the audience 's introduction to the Hotel and to the two lead characters who may or may not be destined for a Romeo and Juliet future . Davies and Jovovich are outstanding in these roles . This is a film that will encourage hours of discussion among couples.By the way , Mel Gibson , playing the detective -LRB- Wenders fans will recognize the character as reminiscent of the William Hurt role from Until the End of the World -RRB- , reportedly got jitters about being in an `` art film '' and bad-mouthed the production - without cause , as he is completely locked into the character , admirably hiding the `` Mel '' persona.Two words of warning
 All through this I kept trying to remember where I 'd seen Jeremy Davies ' face before . He 's the geeky kid in `` Saving Private Ryan . '' I read one reviewer 's thought that most everything that 's in this has been done , and specifically points out Brad Pitt 's performance in `` 12 Monkeys '' -- I guess he has n't seen any movies made before `` 12 Monkeys '' or he 'd know that Brad Pitt 's performance was ripped off from Dennis Hopper in `` Apocalypse Now . '' My point being
 This film combines Wenders ' great romanticism and his loving , if not uncritical glances toward Americans -- their sickness , loneliness , and lovingness . First time I saw it , I thought it was a somewhat commercialized -LRB- or Americanized -RRB- version of Wenders ' earlier work , `` Wings of Desire . '' Second time , I got into the story and felt it 's real . It is such a powerful and smart movie that strings love , sadness , and their once-ness in life together . Music by Bono is also great . If you like Wenders , it is a must-see . If you do not like Mel Gibson in his usual role , then you will find it amusing . At any rate , do not trust the ad . on VHS/DVD ... They say something like `` everyone has a secret , '' trying to present the film as a Mel Gibson detective story . It is not a detective story , but much more than that !
 This movie is unique and beautiful . Especially the character Tom -LRB- played by Jeremy Davies -RRB- . Still reeling from its beauty , which really , was in all the little details . It was made like a dream , some characters over the top , some more real than real.See it if you can .
 The Million Dollar Hotel is yet another sign of Bono 's brilliance . It 's an unconventional love story told beautifully.Music by Bono and U2 and others pulls you into it even more.I loved it .
 It 's full of magic and beauty and oppurtunity and television , and surprises , lots of surprises yeah . And then theres that stuff that everybody longs for ... but you do n't really feel until its gone . '' I reccommend this movie , not just because I like it , and Jeremy Davies ' acting was phenomenal , but because the story is one of the best I 've ever seen ! It 's truly full of beauty and oppurtunity , and * Television , that special treat is the way Tom-Tom says Television * ... its a mystery , an independent , and it 's also very funny as hell ! If you really wan na know , it makes you cry at times , I do n't like love stories , but Eloise and Tom-Tom 's relationship just made me glow . You definetly have to see this movie !! TOM-TOM I 'LL ALWAYS LOVE YOU !! `` I am the walrus and God 's just the middleman ! '' ~ Dixie
 Honestly my favorite part of this DVD is the special features interview with Milla Jovovich talking about her haircut , because it 's just Milla being herself . I 'd watch Milla stare into the camera for 2 hours and give it 5 stars . However there is one thing I really need to know about this film . I 'm wondering if anyone else picked up on it and wether it was planned or just a fluke . The first time Eloise walks into the book store she picks up about 4 or 5 paperbacks and the one on the top caught my eye immediately , because it 's unmistakebly Carlos Castasneda 's `` A Seperate Reality '' . I have been a Castaneda devotee for many years . So I 'm just curious as to who 's idea this was , because I honestly do n't think it was a fluke . I will also give the film 2 thumbs up for the Castaneda cameo . I loved `` The Milla-ion Dollar Hotel ''
 this is the best movie I have seen in a while ! Being a film student I am very critical of the movies I do see . When I see a big blockbuster movie with romance and mystery and action I usually have to force myself to se the end , and usually halfway through I know what the ending is going to be . Although this film might not be for everyone , because it is based mostly on dialogue , it is a nice film to see if you are bored with all the BIG Hollywood film movies . If any one enjoyed this movie as much as I did , I am sure you would enjoy films such as The Man Who Cried , The Princess and the Warrior -LRB- German -RRB- or Run , Lola , Run.In addition - Tom Tom played by Jeremy Davies is an incredible character along with Eloise played by Milla Jovovich . Also the sountrack rocks ! -LRB- Milla Jovovich sings several songs -RRB-
 This is one of the finest films I 've seen in years . Visually stunning , it has a sense of humor which manages to be strangely uplifting -- even though the main character dies within the first five minutes of the film , and everyone in the lunatic world has a hidden agenda . Spectacular aristry of performance by the main character -LRB- I 'm afraid I do n't know the actor 's name -RRB- and by Milla Jojovich , who manages to make fragile intelligence seem fresh instead of cliched.However , do n't go in expecting it to be an easy , formula film . This is one more for the arthouse crowd than the `` oooh Mel Gibson -- what a hunk '' groupies.Watch for U2 's Bono -LRB- co-author -RRB- in one of the crowd scenes .
 Friday the 26th ... I wake up and look for the entertainment section in the newspaper ... I 'm looking for reviews of `` The Million Dollar Hotel '' ... and there I find them ... 2 stars in both the papers I read ... 2 out of 4 ... `` Wenders is not the same ... '' , `` This movie , compared to what Wenders did on the 70 's and 80 's , eats dusk '' ... . and there you go ... another one from my gallery of `` do n't trust critics '' ... the papers talked about the movie as not `` Wendersian '' -LRB- if this denomination exits -RRB- enough ... that he lost his talent when he left Germany etc. . . but there was no direct attack TO the movie ... mostly comparisions to his classics `` Wings of Desire '' and `` Paris , Texas '' ... so with this I take the conclusion ... press sucks.Now , it 's nightime ... I came back from school directly to the theater ... alone since I do n't want to be bothered by questions or boredom ... I 'll watch it again tomorrow thoug , with my friends this time ... And the movie begins ... there 's a distorted helicopter shot that turns into the skyline from LA. . . and it comes down until we see `` The Million Dollar Hotel '' ... than the shot disolves into a view from bellow this `` logo '' and next we see Tom Tom on the roof of the hotel ... and I stop here not to spoil it to anyone ... it 's a beautiful scene though , with great use from slow motion and the yellow sky.We then are introduced to everyone in the hotel ... there 's the John Lennon clone , the Indian and all these bizarre characters ... Tom Tom enters the hotel ... he is following Eloise -LRB- Milla -RRB- ... we then are introduced to Skinner -LRB- Mel Gibson -RRB- , the FBI detective ... . someone has been suposedely killed and he wants to find the killer because the father of the victim is afraid of bad publicity ... he is a TV magnat.The story evolves around Mel Gibson looking for a `` killer '' , the characters in the hotel and their plan -LRB- which of course I wont reveal -RRB- and Tom Tom and Eloise . Now , Tom Tom and Eloise AREthe movie ... MAN !! This is Milla 's best work to date ... man ... she 's like ... perfect ... and anyone that doubted her talent will have to eat their words ... Jeremy Davies is AMAZING too.That 's the basic storyline and I wo n't go further cause I could stumble in big spoilers ... now , I ca n't say how much I loved the movie ... really ... BUT , at the same time in which I and about other 10 people clapped at the end , about 30 people LEFT in the middle of the movie . People ca n't apreciate good movies nowadays ... they are too used to most of the crap done in Hollywood ... and ca n't stand inteligelint movies like this one ... movies that take their time to tell the story.So , now , this is what I thought of the movie : - It 's by far the best movie I 've seen this year , Wenders is really back on track after Buena Vista and TMDH , no matter what people say ... no matter what people say !! - The soundtrack is nothing short of genial ... . the movie opens with `` The First Time '' -LRB- in perfect sinchrony with the scene -RRB- and closes with a different version of `` The Ground Beneath her feet '' . . we hear most of the other tracks in the movie ... the jazz tracks are shown in the tracking shots of the building when Wenders shows us the rooms , we a guy playing trumpet one of the windows ... there 's one right at the beggining -LRB- one of my favs too -RRB- ... Bono makes a cameo . - Check out Milla Jovovich 's and Jeremy Davies acting ... they are absolutely marvelous . Also be sure not to miss Ms. Jovovich 's mention to `` One Hundred Years of Solitude '' , Marquez 's masterpiece . - Yeah Mr. Wenders !! Welcome back !! Two great movies in a role !! `` Everything on Television is not real '' - Milla/Eloise
 bono wrote the story for this film years ago ... in fact , in `` where the streets have no name '' video bono had a sign constructed behind them -LRB- facing the other way -RRB- that says `` million dollar hotel '' . it 's a sleezy hotel with a murder plot ... very deep ... very dark ... the film has not been released in the states yet , as far as i know ... but i 'm excited to see it ... it stars mel gibson as the police detective ... the soundtrack is great ... but keep in mind it is not a u2 release ... it is a soundtrack that sets a mood for a movie ... i think it is very well done ... any bad reviews -LRB- like from aoliveira -RRB- come from people who are n't true fans and do n't know quality when they see it ... check out `` passengers '' soundtrack music released by u2 years ago ... very moody ... very edgy ... then you 'll understand .
 I feel happy to be alive after seeing this film . If you , like me , have heard rumors of Mel Gibson 's harsh dismissal of this film I suggest you ignore them other than to understand that great actors can apparently be small men . -RRB- I am interested in both U2 and Wim Wenders , so I knew of this project for over a year , and it has surpassed my highest hopes in every regard . Bono said he `` wanted to break peoples ' hearts '' with this film . Wim Wenders said `` I feel more like a mender of hearts . I 'd like people to feel lighter after having seen this film . '' Both have fulfilled their wishes . Great music , -LRB- buy the stk -RRB- beautiful Wenders , as always , to look at , excellent ensemble cast ! Thank you for a very funny and beautiful film .
 I was expecting a flop , but enjoyed it very much , and even more after I saw it again . Recommended .
 I was n't expecting much from this movie and was surprised to see an honest portrayal of segments of our society who have no hope and how they are taken advantage of by wealthy moguls and bullies .
 Me encantan las pel&iacute;culas de Win Wenders y esta la verdad es que aunque ya tiene algo de tiempo no la conoc&iacute;a , mi descubrimiento de la misma fue por el video de U2 de una muy buen canci&oacute;n `` The Ground Beneath Her Feet '' que forma parte del soundtrack de esta pel&iacute;cula , en dicho video aparecen escenas de la pel&iacute;cula como es obvio y sale en un cameo al escritor Salman Rushdie , el mismo que el Ayatola Jomeini le pusiera precio a su cabeza por su libro `` los versos satanicos '' y que actualmente vive refugiado en USA , se que sera un placer por fin poder ver esta pel&iacute;cula .
 Only Wenders could have done it
 The Million Dollar Hotel is off-beat , and by no means Wenders ' best work , but still worth viewing on a rainy day ! Its a bit melancholy , quite quirky , sometimes surreal , yet very sweet . Jeremy Davies delivers a fine performance as Tom-Tom . Milla Jovavich is stunning . The script is slightly odd , but not distracting , and there are moments of pure poetry , like Tom-Tom 's fall . What helps the movie immensely is the really fantastic soundtrack -LRB- minus one song -- the Spanish version of Anarchy in the UK is awful -RRB- . The music is either jazzy or U2/Brian Eno-esque which makes it perfect for grey days .
 There 's been a lot of debating over whether or not this film deserves its Berlin Silver Bear award . In my mind it deserves more than that , for this is truly a remarkable film.The Million Dollar Hotel is a home for outcasts and mentally unstable people . Once it was probably a high-class place , but time has taken its toll and it is now merely a parody of itself . Inhabitants include a mad Indian Chief wannabe -LRB- played by Jimmy Smits -RRB- , a guy who thinks he 's a member of the Beatles -LRB- hilariously played by Peter Stormare -RRB- the retarded `` hero '' of the story Tom Tom -LRB- Jeremy Davies -RRB- and the shadowy , silent Elouise -LRB- Milla Jovovich -RRB- who he has a serious crush on . One day Tom Tom 's nearest friend fall off the roof of the hotel , and foul play is suspected . It is then up to an FBI Special Agent -LRB- Mel Gibson -RRB- to find the murderer . This is no easy task indeed!What sets this movie apart from the mainstream is that it oozes atmosphere and that is dares to be * different * . Director Wim Wenders has taken the story by none other than Bono from U2 and worked his magic on it . The result is a visually stunning film with some of the most intense moments I 've ever seen . Add the amazing soundtrack , also by Bono , and the excellent performances by all actors and the result should be obvious
 million dollar hotel is one of those films that seem to grab you by the senses and make you fall in love with people who live in a sort of loonie bin.million dollar hotel is a film about an old dilapidated hotel whose residents are mentally unstable . they find themselves in a bind when they find out one of them has been murdered but no one knows who did it.tom tom -LRB- jeremy davies -RRB- is a character you instantly feel for from his the first scene when he jumps off the building in spectacular fashion and says , `` after i jumped , i realized ... life is the best . '' in some respects , you almost envy him for realizing this , but pity him at the same time for finding this out too late.milla jovovich has an equally curious role . she plays a strung out woman who finds herself reading romance novels all day at a used bookstore and prostitutes herself at night . jovovich plays almost the same role as davies , but at the same time , much different . it 's no wonder he finds himself chasing her through the whole movie and nearly getting what he wanted ... her.mel gibson plays a secondary role in this film , as he should , as a detective who happens to be a `` freak '' just like the people he is investigating . million dollar hotel is definitely not for someone looking for another stereotypical mel gibson flick as it is a far cry from lethal weapon and what women want ... lucky for all of us.the movie as a whole is one of the best i have ever seen . it is a shame it was not given much publicity in the states as it was in europe . it was co-produced by U2 frontman Bono who also , along with the rest of the band , creates a dark , but excellent , soundtrack that complements the movie like no other.definitely pick this one up ... movies like this only come once in a lifetime .
 This is a wonderful movie , made with love . The score is haunting and and sweet , yet not obtrusive . The colors and the photography are stunningly beautiful . This is not a thriller ; rather , it is a love story played against a background of cynicism , delusion , betrayal , fraud and brutality . This film demands the viewer 's undivided attention , as much is going on in the background of almost every scene . This film is also an ode to a hotel in Los Angeles , one of two built in the 1920s by two brothers . One would not think such a tribute could be paid to an old hotel , but `` The Million Dollar Hotel '' is just that , as the varying and lovely shots of the hotel bear witness throughout the film . Mel Gibson delivers his best performance to date as the brutal , threatening FBI agent Skinner , who has a change-of-heart . Jeremy Davies is incredibly winning as Tom-Tom , the border-retarded unofficial `` butler , '' full of wisdom , humor and insight , for the hotel 's residents . Milla Jovovich is Eloise , a sadder-but-wiser young woman , worshipped by Tom-Tom . Their love blossoms as events slowly roll beyond their control . Most of the characters in this movie seem devoid of principles , and this film contains several instances of betrayal . But , against the betrayals and the unrolling of events , Tom-Tom is unwavering in his love for and protection of Eloise . This film is worthy of several viewings and provokes discussion with each viewing experience , proof that there is something here worthy of one 's time . The question is , what did Tom-Tom mean by his final statement at the end of the picture ?
 Wenders should have lived in the dark and larmoyant 19th century . His last movie demonstrates he does not belong to the century of aggressive competition and individualism which is ours . He tells THE Love Story of the millenium , dressed in funky glam and surounded by the wispering last productions of U2 . His sensibilty allows us a glimse at what should have been , if we were not those who we are , if we had not forgotten that love passes merely through the ` stomach ' , and not through the catodic tubes . Certainly the most troubling movie of the year 2000 . Giulia Dobre
 I really think this movie is great , but I do n't think most people would . The love story between Jeremy Davies and Milla Jovovich is just so sweet and quiet . To be honest , I think that was the best thing about the movie , the realtionship of these two characters that was so moving . This movie just portrays the fragility and emotional complexity of people so beautifully .
 If you 're looking for great special effects , beautiful women , chase scenes or sporting events this is not the movie for you . If you appreciate art , great acting and a different kind of story make sure you catch this movie . Very little is obvious , you must do much of the work yourself from clues given . Not for everyone , and not to watch if you want to be entertained without thinking .
 `` The Million Dollar Hotel '' is truly a movie about the magic in every person 's life . A group of freaks , junkies , mentally deficient people , -LSB- prostitutes -RSB- , people without money , people without expectations , etc. . In other words , the other side of the coin of the `` American Dream '' . Yet , just like in a Fellini movie , we are made to watch , and somehow understand them , and like them and love them . They are much better adapted to their `` underprivileged '' world than we are to ours . They have the magic of life in them . This movie is a great Love Story in many different levels . It is also , a movie about friendship , passion , greed , jelousy , hate , revenge , etc. . On a personal level , on a HUMAN level . Certainly it puts us -LRB- `` The Privileged '' , with our diregard for others , our consummerism , our wars , our weapons , our fears , our hatreds -RRB- to shame.Another great movie by Wim Wenders . May he continue showing us that deep down we are better than we can see us in a mirror . We need his magical mirror to de the trick !
 The plot has nothing to do with reality , and that 's fine ; it 's not about plot . The acting is all over the map , from a completely stiff Gibson to Davies ' Forrest-Gump-meets-Tigger rendition of Tom-Tom , and that 's exactly as it should be ; it 's about different characters playing off each other . Wenders focuses his sweet , gentle , character-revealing techniques on a cast of deranged , distasteful characters ; we get to really like them , and really dislike them . It 's a hodge-podge of magical realism , detective story , romance , and farce . It mixes stunning visuals with the filthy underbelly of L.A.It 's not typical Gibson , Bono , Jovovich , or Wenders , although it 's arguably more Wenders than anything else.It 's a love story about Tom-Tom and Eloise . It 's a love story about Wim Wenders , Bono , and Los Angeles . It 's a love story about the pain and the joy that are life . It 's a love story about light , music and atmosphere . It 's a love story about film , and what film can do.Many movies entertain . A few make you think . This one made me feel .
 This is a great , original , unique film . It is novelistic in characterization and nuance , not pop trash like the majority of films ... which may explain why it received very limited theatrical release in the U.S. . The story , though , is simple enough
 I would gladly have given this movie 5 stars if not for one thing . After all , the cinematography was gorgeous and inventive ; Davies and Jovovich were marvelous and creative and experimental ; the first several minutes of the film , anchored by U2 's `` The First Time , '' are so beautiful and painful as to almost demand a pause before the rest of the movie can continue.This one thing , though , mars the film
 I loved this movie . Granted I had dosed on mushrooms when I watched it for the first time . I watched it again sober , however , and found it to be just as amazing as I thought it was . I came here to buy the soundtrack and picked up on the dvd too . It 's the kind of movie I wo n't mind watching again and sharing with friends . I am a huge fan of Milla Jovovich , as well as of Mel Gibson . I believe Milla 's performance is superb . Mel 's character is very odd , but he does a good job of pulling off a difficult role . This film deserves the 5 stars I give it .
 A lot of the critics hated this movie . God , were n't they paying attention !!!! Granted , you really do need to pay attention to catch all the nuances , to understand the relationships , to * get * what Eloise has to do with Izzy falling/being pushed off of the roof in the first place.It 's odd that such a hauntingly beautiful film can be so sad and so uplifting at the same time . This movie is full of quirky characters , it visually stunning and the music is great . Beyond that it 's a great commentary on life and values , love and the way humans screw things up . I found myself thinking about this film for hours after I watched it . Then I could n't wait to watch it again so that I could catch all the nuances I missed the first time through . This is one of those movies that makes you think about life , about living , about appreciating what we have and how our preceptions about what it is we think we have colors our experiences . It 's also hilarious.There are few movies I ever bother to watch more than once . Even fewer that I care to own . This is one of the exceptions . I 'm going to have to buy myself a copy , because like any good art , the full beauty of it can only be properly savored through repeated exposure .
 you see a movie that escapes classification or definition . I do n't even know if it is a good movie or a bad movie ; certainly it is a creative , imaginative work that is full of life . It defines itself completely on it 's own terms . It is n't a movie so much as an experience . It 's a poem . It 's a quirky little film . It is a song with classy tidbits of wit , political/social commentary , art farce , and human insight just tossed off as incidental . Certainly , the movie haunts you . The pace is slow , it 's true . Skinner is a complete mystery . The lines that annoy some of the professional reviewers are my favorites
 Beautiful story , like only Wenders do . I miss a good inlet page in the box .
 I love this film and watch it repeatedly . I ca n't get enough of the ambiant forces Wenders brought to this cautionary tale of life on the down and out in America.Mel Gibson 's role as Special Agent Skinner is a hoot and it has been remarked that he goofed his way through this one . So what ? Wenders has been lambasted for the ad hoc feel of the film , on the one hand , and for the obsessive stylistic effects of the digital edit , on the other hand . Again , so what?Milla Jovovich is a pleasure to watch , as she flits about , and Jeremy Davies , as agitated nerd , is a mannered play on the fidgeting fool well-loved by Shakespeareans the world round.There are numerous sendups in this piece - e.g. the John Lennon impersonations -LRB- Peter Stormare -RRB- or the swipes at Schnabel by Schnabel -LRB- via the tar paintings -RRB- - but overall there is a shimmering , magic aura around this film that wo n't go away.And , O that soundtrack ! by Eno , Lanois , Bono et alia ...
 I have seen `` The Million Dollar Hotel '' in a German movie theater . The German producer Wim Wenders and frontman Bono from U 2 are the two men who created this movie . It is a romantic thriller which plays in downtown Los Angeles in the year 2001 . The junkie Izzy Goldkiss , son of a media mogul , is found dead . FBI Agent Skinner -LRB- Mel Gibson -RRB- starts his investigation in the hotel , where Izzy had lived . The hotel is a shelter for the poor with no medical insurance . The prostitute Eloise -LRB- Milla Jovovich -RRB- and the dreamer Tom Tom -LRB- Jeremy Davies -RRB- are only two of the people who Skinner is questioning . It is a story about friendship , trust , betrayal and the powerful strength of an unconditional love in front of a criminal investigation ... and at the end even Skinner does not know who is guilty or not guilty , insane or not insane . Great movie , unfortunately not played in every movie theater in the United States . Not available on VHS or DVD yet .
 I like this movie . Is soft , lil ' slow . But I like to imagine iF I was there , with them . To think the situation , trying to know `` what 's really happened '' . That 's make me stay in the movie without boring . And the music belongs so good , excellent combination between the scenary and the music .
 This film not only got bad reviews by critics , but Mel Gibson spoke poorly of it also after it 's release . But for them and everyone else who did n't like it , they just did n't get it . Given , it 's sometimes slow and dark , but in a beautiful way . For people like myself who love and understand Bono 's music , you will love this movie . If you sympathize with being an outsider or misunderstood , you will love this movie .
 Weird , wonderful love story full of totally unique characters . Brilliant!The interviews on the DVD are also quite fascinating .
 I saw a review that said this film was boring . I just wanted to say that this movie is anything but that . This is one of the best films I have seen in a long time . He / She must be used to watching gun-packed , blood filled movies because this has great cinemetography and great acting with an excellent story . Just my 2 cents .
 I have never smiled sooo much through a ` Mystery film ' . This is a very cool movie.Many have labeled it as an `` Artsy '' movie , to my ARTSY usually means abstract or undefined . This movie is straight forward , a guy is dead in the begining of the movie and the detective is trying to find out who killed him or if it was suicide . Very basic , but what is NOT basic is the suspects / witnesses.Each one is living in his own world , you have the mentaly challenged , the -LSB- ... -RSB- artiest , the one who thinks he 's the 5th beatle . So the enjoyment is seeing how the detective * who is just as strange as the other charecters * tries to get information out of them . So you get a little romance , and alot of smiles through this experiance.I personally enjoyed it , espcially with the fact that you hear Bono singing almost throught the whole movie : DWhy did I give it 4 & not 5 stars?I was not too happy with the extra features , they did not title anyone when they are speaking , so if you do n't know the names of the actors , producers ect . . then your out of luck . Also the audio in the extra features was a bit unstable , low to high depeding on who is being interviewed . . AND I was VERY disapointed not to find at least ONE music video for the movie from Bono , there are songs in the movie that Bono had written FOR the movie , it would have helped if they actually Interviewed Bono , since he is a co-writter in the film to give us more insight on the inspiration for this project.Other than that , it is a very cool movie , with a very believeable cast , I mean you actually believe this guys are NUTS , its fantastic . And for a murder/thriller , it actually dose n't have that much violence or blood in it ... but alot of smiles .
 I bought this for my daughter who has turned into a `` fluffy '' fan and it was n't exatly what we thought but it was funny !!
 it was n't what i expected from fluffy . . i did n't understand that it would be like a show and withlittle blank spots in it ... . i find fluffy could have just keep the DVD playing even when in the commercial break . .
 i thought it was good but i wish it was only Gabriel . if you like his style only you 'll be a little let down but it was still good considering .
 Gabriel Iglesias can do no wrong for me . This DVD is not like his other ones , he does stand - up and Hosts a traveling show of several different comedians . Funny Stuff .
 I 'm so glad that fluffy has his own show , i did not know that he had his own show i thought that this was another special . even though fluffy did not do many jokes his friends were funny . i do hope that he gets another season . if you have not seen this movie then i recommend you do
 After watching this I realised that the special on Commedy Central is an edited version of this . Was funny , but not a lot of `` other '' material . So if you 've seen the commedy central special , this is pretty much the same with a few extras . We still loved it though !
 I was lucky enough to see these shows live in Phoenix . Love the range of talent , special kudos to Martin Moreno his wingman and the great Thea Vidale . She was in top form . The band Ozo Matli plays their theme song and some other great tunes . What a fantastic bunch of predominately Mexican -LRB- American -RRB- comedians coming to redneck Phoenix . The DVD has all the material that was a bit too racy for the Comedy Central show . The tour just returned from a European tour to rave reviews . Check out the 18 year old kid comedian , he is hot and Thea does an imitation of a sex act that looks more than promising ! Just a whole lot of laughs , I bought a copy for my friend for Xmas . Good Job and take it too the grave !
 if you have his dvd 's from before , you wont be dissapointed by this one , ITS GREAT , I need four more words to finish this review , think this will do ???????
 Another gift for my son . He and his wife positively adore Gabriel and his stand-up routines . For that matter , so do we . I have tried on numerous times to borrow this one , but no-go so far . Great entertainment
 I found some of these shows online and they were all hysterical ! They start off with Gabriel being funny for a bit then introducing the next 3-4 following comedians . I was surprised that all the ones I saw were really funny and good .
 When you watch this guy . Word of advise
 What a funny video , I lMAO , I have been a long time Gabriel fan seen him live , but since I been deployed have n't been able to see the latest so it 's why I purchase the video . The man is just plan old FLUFFY funny .
 There 's a reason Comedy Central messed up and gave Gabriel Iglesias a show ! When purchasing this product make sure you do n't have anywhere you need to be cause once you start watching , you 'll just keep watching every episode right through ! Finally getting to see what his friend Martin looks like -LRB- as he directs the show from the sidelines -RRB- AND with an episode showing his `` twin '' this DVD will show you a new side to Gabriel which will have you watching it over and over again : -RRB-
 Gabriel is hilarious and his friends is a lot of fun ! The only bad side of buying this movie is that I live in Norway , and then it doesnt work on our dvd players without installing something .
 great double DVD from UDO . Recorded in 2008 for the Mastercutor tour . Great sound and video , very professionally done w / at least 5/6 cameras . I was surprised to see it available in NTSC -LRB- USA -RRB- format so I had to pick it up . Any UDO fan should get this . All his best songs plus a bunch of Accept tunes . The extras are cool too .
 Terror Inside gave me the creeps -- and a couple of scenes actually had me hiding my face in a pillow But some of the other scenes were painfully disturbing to watch , and I still shudder just thinking about them . If you like being scared . . This is for you
 all I can say is anything with corey feldman gets 5 stars from me . . I havent watched it yet , but I 'm sure it is a good movie . .
 This movie has a slightly ` low budget ' appeal to it , but all in all I enjoyed it . It was an interesting storyline , I 'll give it that . I admit in places the acting or ` suspense ' could have been upped . A good buy for any Corey fan or even suspense fan .
 I did n't know what to expect when I got this DVD.Another direct to DVD for Feldman like Lost Boys2 . I did n't care for Lost Boys2 because Feldman is playing that `` Feldman Character '' he developed in his teens.Well , that 's over , which is an improvment . Although Corey often looks like he 's disinterested or hardly working , he gives us insight to some possible acting skill . The movie starts in a small town and progresses to the point of gory bloodiness . Maybe too gory for some or not enough for others , this is not a Hollywood studio picture and it shows . Lacking in slick lighting and flashy effects , it moves along quickly in its 85 minutes.Newcomer Tanya Memme also is a plus . While some of the actors are clumsy Tanya brings the movie together with sympathy and distress . Suzy Feldman appears topless in one scene so this is not a kids movie.Worth a look especially for Feldman fans .
 The Brady Bunch Hour is great for fans of the original series . Even though Eve Plumb did not participate , it is still good with `` the fake Jan. '' Wonderful song-and-dances , starting off with `` Sunnyside up . '' Almost all the original cast members , and Geri Reischel as Jan. . A great show .
 Although the dialog is corny , the musicals are great . But again , the Brady Bunch is known for being corny and goody-goody . That is what I love about the Bunch . I especially love the singing and dancing by all the Brady 's . Florence Henderson has such a beautiful singing voice . I really enjoyed it when she sang `` Traces of Love '' and `` All By Myself with Barry Williams . And I expecially love the `` Happy Songs '' medley as the show 's finale .
 This movie was very entertaining , a breath of fresh air after having to watch all these new horror films of the late 90 's early 00 's . Like the other reviewers have said , this is a throwback to the days when horror films were great . Being a diehard horror fan i just ca n't say enough good stuff about this film . Good acting , creepy characters , good story , and good effects . I highly recommend this movie to any true horror fan . Hopefully we 'll start seeing more horror films like this coming out .
 I was fortunate enough to see this soon to be cult classic before it was released onto DVD , and let me tell you something , it is a must see !!! You will be on the edge of your seat from the start to the end credits . It brings back memories of the classic 70 's horror flicks that are no longer made.Bravo to the cast and director for bringing us back to this genre of film . It has been too long !!!
 This movie was a masterpiece . A real treat for Horror fans . It copys the Italian Horror style of over the top gore but well done . Argento and Bava would be proud . Keep an eye on a young actress Sandra Schaller . She has a bright future in film .
 i 'm always skeptacle on mordern movies and to be honest if it wer n't for the numder of films awards this movie won i never would 've bothered i 'm glad i did . necrophilia , multiple murders , bizarre story , disturbing piece of work . if your gon na make a film like this you do n't need a budget-its art for christs sake . worth owning
 This movie scared the crap out of me definitly worth it lots of blood and gore . Makings of a cult classic . Has a snuff movie quality about it you dont know if its real or not .
 I saw this at the Telluride film festival , and have waited for it to be released on DVD since . This is truly a twisted , twisted film ! It 's got the feel of a 70 's European horror flick , but with plenty of gore.The whole movie has this creepy , strange feel to it , but the story is what makes it really unique . I 'm sure it will keep you glued to your screen . I ca n't tell you how many strange twists and turns this movie took . Unlike most Hollywood horror films , where you can figure out the direction of the movie in 10 minutes , I simply had no idea what to expect next.The effects are really good , and the acting is above-average for an indie flick . I 've seen lots of these cheap-o indie horror films where the production values are low , the acting bad , and the effects worse . Not this movie . It was a first rate production.I could n't help feeling that this type of movie is just not made anymore . It belongs back in the days of those sleazy drive-in 's and grindhouses ! This movie would be perfect for that.If you want your blood and guts served up with good storytelling , good acting , weirdness , dark humor , and downright disgusting scenes , I 'LL BURY YOU TOMORROW is for you .
 `` I 'll Bury You Tommorrow '' is a great film as the story is 100 % original , it 's not a retelling of any other film that I am familiar with . Allow me to steal from IMDB 's plot summary and synopsis written by Alan to sum this film up in a paragraph : Is there love after death ? The small rural community of Port Oram can answer that . When deranged young Dolores Finley -LRB- Zo Daelman Chlanda -RRB- appears out of nowhere to begin work at the Beech 's Funeral Home , the local mortuary soon becomes more than just a quiet place of rest . Dolores ' passion for cadavers gives new meaning to the phrase `` disturbing the peace '' . Written by Alan Rowe Kelly -LCB- alanrowekelly@yahoo.comZoe is phenomenal in her portrayal of Dolores . The rest of the cast , including Alan in his portrayal of the mortuary 's make up artist , Cory , do an incredible job at truly bringing their characters to reality . They are all to be commended for this performance.The use of makeup f/x with heaping helpings of gore , blood , and prosthetics truly pleased this independent horror film fan . We have dismemberments and disembowelings . We are treated to a strangulation of one victim with another victim 's intestines . The blood flows freely as Dolores and Jerry work their way to a decent body count.This , folks , is the stuff Hollywood should be looking for . Instead , they waste their money on remakes and sequels while creative geniuses like Alan , create low budget horror gems such as this . This , my friends and fans of independent horror is the stuff we should be buying and watching . Instead of dropping ten bucks to see another tired ol' remake of another great classic in the theatre , buy this film !
 We should support ultra-low-budget efforts such as this . Major kudos to Mr. Jerry Murdock for a terrific bit of acting . Writer/director/gore effects wiz Alan Rowe Kelly shows tremendous promise . You guys are going places , the talent is there.The weaknesses , as I saw them , and it 's not easy critcizing something as low-budget as this , but I feel a certain responsibility
 This is a great indie movie and more should be made like them ! You can read the other reviews to see what you 'll get in this movie . I thought the lead did a very good job in her role as Dolores.Overall , this was a very well made , low-budget film . I do agree , however , that the colors were washed out -LRB- I 'm not sure if that was intentional , the film seems to have that `` timeless '' air to it -RRB- and the medium that it was filmed on really shows.This film is not for people who do n't like macabre , or low-budget , movies .
 Gory , bizarre , unexpected twists , TWISTED ... Matricide -LRB- and Patricide -RRB- brought to a deliciously different level . Alan Rowe Kelly obviously needs to be watched !
 Saw this one a while back . I see it 's now been given a new release courtesy of Redemption , -LRB- in UK -RRB- but this is the one that I saw , with the eye on the cover and a ` nice ' picure on the back of the dvd sleeve ! ; - -RRB- It concerns Dolores , a lady who has a penchant for hot young guys . Or in this case , they are pretty cool young guys , as in stone cold dead.I love this movie . It is so wild and outrageous in its subject matter . There 's not many movies where necrophilia is dealt with , at least not as a kind of love story . Makes me wonder if they got the idea from the wellknown -LRB- in some quarters -RRB- necrophiliac girl , Karen Greenlee . - She got jobs in an undertakers because of her ` passions ' and she got found out when she stole the body of an 18 year old boy and took it home with her to sleep with and make love to for a few days , something that Dolores does in this movie , so probably it is based on that case , because the similarity is so great to what actually happened in real life . I do n't agree at all with the bad review , the movie is not badly made or badly acted . It had a lovely video nasty type of feel to it , I had to check to see when it was made as I wondered at first if it was one of the banned movies from the 1980 's video nasty controversy in the UK where everything got a bit mad for a while and horror fans were very hard done by indeed ! But no , it 's a comparatively recent movie but has that rather obscure and ` far back in time ' atmosphere that some of the best of the so-called ` nasties ' had . - Oh for the heady days of the video boom when there was no rating system and just about anything could get released onto an unsuspecting , but hungry for more , video market ! Unfortunately , most of them passed me by as I did n't have a VCR in those days and by the time I did get one , most of the best had been banned anyway , but I 've since caught up with most of them , I 'm pleased to say , and some of them are pretty dire and not really worth watching and quite why they were banned in the first place is beyond my comprehension , as so many of them are very tame , -LRB- not to mention lame ! -RRB- but if this had been one of them , then it would have been one of the greats , but instead , it 's made long after that time , so cudos to the makers for being able to create that wonderful atmosphere of a genuine video nasty ! I wish there were more like this one . It 's great !
 Bizarre , bloody , twisted , creepy and throughly original , IBYT is an extraordinary beginning for Alan Rowe Kelly and his crew of inde lunatics . It is a pity the film was low-budget , but they did a lot with only a little , which is the true spirit independent film making , i.e. spitting into the eye of the Hollywood machine.I eagerly look forward to their next production .
 `` I 'll Bury You Tomorrow '' is an uncomfortable 2-hour power punch of corpses , gore , incest and generally bad behavior . What makes this work so well is the seriousness that everyone handles his or her extremely unusual situations with . Not your typical `` Teen-Slash-Em-Up Part VIII '' feature where everyone 's actions seem randomly guided by the roll of the dice , this one actually has a story that you can follow , and characters that REACT to things in frequently believable manners . Not to say I 'm sure how people WOULD react in bleak situations of stolen body parts and necrophilia - but I 'll bet it 's more like this than they carry on in `` Freddy Vs Jason '' , for example.At 2 hours it takes it 's sweet , easy time telling you it 's sordid tale , so do n't expect the nastiness to swoop in and hit you over the head . Rather , it sinks in slowly - until you realize your knee deep in their nightmare . Still , there is a generous dose of serious-camp tossed in as well for good measure by a number of characters . Rather than possibly cheating the story by going down the wrong path , these tongue-in-cheek moments help add to the air of general oddness that hovers over this film . It 's a story filled with people interesting enough to watch from a distance , but whom you 'd probably never want to hang around with , unless you had a fast escape route!Best of all , the lead characters are believable , earnest and fun to watch . Be sure to watch the credits for a quietly billed ` double performance ' that might surprise you!This could quite possibly become your favorite horror film to pop in every Halloween !
 Kudos to Alan Rowe Kelly for creating this rather sinister shocker of murder , madness and depravity ! I bury you tomorrow is one of the most twisted films I 've seen in awhile about a mysterious young woman who comes to the quiet town of Port Oram to work for local funeral parlor headed by Beech.Dolores Finley , the young woman haspeculiar habits like her men rather stiff and some chilling skeletons in her closet and add some grave-robbing and other sources of mayhem and you have recipe for masterpiece of the macabre ! I love the memorable characters like dolores who seems quiet unassuming woman who has a suitcase full of dark secrets and who 's madness which she is hiding is slowly coming back with a vengeance . Jake Gerald , the sheriff 's screw-up brother who works for Beeches and who has a rather deadly job on the side , supplying fresh corpses to a businessman . Nettie Beech , a religious fanatic who sees her dead daughter in Dolores and who will do ANYTHING to keep her . The film stars out slow but not boring as you are introduced to the players in this chilling tale so when they do die -LRB- always quite bloody -RRB- LIke some of the other reviewers of this film I love the black humor of this movie.Unlike alot of shot-on video movies this one looked more professional in tone and in plot-wise miles ahead of the usual slasher genre with it 's idiotic teens and unstoppable killers.What makes this film work is how makers quietly let u enter it 's twisted world and you discovers all of it 's gruesomesecrets . So if you want gory but well-made shocker join Dolores and Beeches and Jake Gerald and REST IN PEACE !
 Morbidly interesting story about a semi-foxy blonde homicidal maniac with a pension for making sweet love to corpses who gets a job at a small town funeral parlor that already happens to be home to a few wackos , including one organ stealing psycho who looks like a cross between Henry Rollins and Stan Ross in THE PRIVATE EYES !!! Wow.Not wall-to-wall psychotic gore like I was hoping but it does have it 's moments like somebody being strangled with another person 's intestines - have n't seen that since RICKY-OH . The biggest drawback is the 119 minutes running time . That 's too long , trim off 20 minutes of unneeded talking , up the outrageousness and this would have been a minor cult favorite.First time writer-director-actor-producer Alan Rowe Kelly appears to be a promising new talent in horror movies . I ca n't wait to see what he does next . Hopefully he does n't sell out and if anything goes even more over the top . It worked for PINK FLAMINGOS , DEAD ALIVE and EVIL DEAD 2 .
 Talk about a totally wacked-out flick ... a horror film fan friend of mine recommended this one to me and told me to be ready for a wild ride and he was right.Bodysnatching , bizzare characters , twisted murders , revenge , necrophilia , blood , more twisted characters and more of everything.If you are a horror flick afficianato you should check out this flick .
 I think you have to really love independent films to really appreciate a movie like I 'LL BURY YOU TOMORROW . It 's movies like this that really takes chances and is not afraid to tell a good , disgusting story . The problem with most horror movies these days is the fact that they are so predictable and seem to use the same scary tricks again and again . Independent movies seem to get cheaper and cheaper , and production values go down . It 's easy to find independent horror , but hard to find a good one like I 'LL BURY YOU TOMORROW.Like all independent movies , this is not a perfect film . It 's a little long , rough editing , and there is some hammy acting and emoting . But , this is a good movie , folks . I guess these rough edges give it its charm . It 's not perfect , but I like that . I 'm the kind of guy that likes to see creativity on the screen . If the filmakers able able to pull it off , I will always enjoy it.I 'LL BURY YOU TOMORROW is a different kind of horror film . It does n't rely on slashers , vampires or zombies or any other cliches . Its a dark tale of graverobbing in a small town . When a girl moves into the local funeral home for work , she brings all her dark secrets with her . This movie then exposes its many layers by unfolding a bunch of events that will surely involve everyone who falls into the path of the girl -LRB- Dolores -RRB- and the graverobbers -LRB- Jake and Corey -RRB- . The story had a lot of cool twists and turns , and kept me wondering just what was going to happen next . I was even fooled a couple times . Just a fresh kind of movie . I was glad catching this after I have read so much about it . If you like good independent movies , -LRB- warts and all -RRB- this is going to make you happy.The extras disappointed me a little bit . Where is the commentary ? I would have liked to hear from the director and actors what it was like making this thing . The three trailers were pretty good . There is an OK blooper reel , and 19 -LRB- !!! -RRB- deleted scenes . For a two hour movie , that seems like quite a bit . All in all the picture looks pretty good and the sound is clear as a bell . Foor lovers of independent horror movies , give I 'LL BURY YOU TOMORROW a look .
 I love horror movies , and let me tell you , I have n't seen anything like this film in a long , long , time ! It 's got that rough , indie feel , but is different because the direction , cinematography , music , and acting are all very good . The only way to describe it would be a blend of John Water 's early films mixed with something Lucio Fulci would do ! This had to have been one of the weirdest , most messed up mmovies I have seen!The stranger -LRB- Dolores -RRB- comes into town and gets a job in a funeral home . She looks normal , but pretty soon people in the town start getting killed off and the workers in the home are selling the bodies to this stranger on the outskirts of town.Pretty soon , the whole plan begins to unravel and the folks in town start dropping like flies ! I did n't know if anyone would be left standing by the end of the movie!I think this is one messed up movie . It 's a bit long , but it 's not boring . It I think you 'll see what I mean . Hopefully this will not be the last of Dolores ... !!
 This movie has it all . Necro-love , murder mayhem , gore , decent acting , and a creepy feel . Great flick !
 Although I disagree with several reviews on some of the finer points of I 'll Bury You tomorrow , I agree that it 's a fun movie that is original and unique and well worth the purchase . First off , I do n't agree that 's it 's extremely gory at all . Do n't get me wrong , there are a handful of scenes where there is a lot of gore -LRB- done very well , I might add -RRB- , but this is not the `` gore fest '' that some have proclaimed . When it comes , you 're glad it does . I just wish there was more of it . Some think less is more . For those lovers of EXTREME GORE , be prepared to be slightly underwhelmed.Also , the story is indeed interesting and will keep most viewers engaged . But the good stuff takes a while to get rolling . The buildup in the first half hooks you , and the second hour is nothing more than a free-falling locomotive quicly picking up steam . Stick with it through the buildup ... the payoff is good . Very good.The performances is what really makes this movie rise above the typical indie horror movie . The lead actress , Zoe Dalman-Chlanda is an amazing actress who portrays Dolores Finley , the strange newcomer to the small town of Port Oram . The range she possesses is remarkable , on par with any `` scream queen '' , I might add . Since the story begins with her arrival into town , her gradual transformation runs parallel to the slow disintegration of the other characters as well as the complex story that frames her descent . The story gradually introduces her rivals in the `` Body Snatching '' business , the funeral home workers Jake and his `` girlfriend '' , -LRB- I think it was supposed to be his girlfriend -RRB- or maybe his drag-queen lover Corey
 It has been a long time since horror fans have been jolted with a frighteningly fun , good horror movie that relies on imagination rather than a mulit-million dollar budget . This movie delivers a whollop of blood , and carnage , dressed up in a lurid tale of wackos , perverts , psychopaths , freaks , and the standard walking cliche victims known so well in many horror films . The movie is well directed by Alan Rowe Kelly , who obviously has quite a bit of influence from numerous B-Movie sources . The tone is very tongue-in cheek , and the actors all look as if they are having a ball with the material . A different director may have played it all straight , but Kelly wisely arranges it beautifully , with enough mood , laughs , scares , and gross-outs for most horror fans . I think most fans of good horror will really get a kick out of this movie . It 's really a fan 's movie . Many scenes will seem familiar to anyone who loves horror , with various influences apparent . -LRB- Carrie , Evil Dead , Texas Chainsaw Massacre , Alice Sweet Alice , Phantasm , and Blue Velvet , to name a few -RRB- But all the pieces are arranged in such a clever way to lure the viewer in . There are many shocks in store for anyone wishing to head down to this dead-end town , where death is in the air , and the nuts are running the show . Sit back , turn down the lights , crack open a beer , and prepare for a rollicking good time !
 I would like to start off by saying that this movie is not going to be for everyone . There are some very disturbing scenes as well as plenty of grotesque subject matter . Some may be put off by the necrophilia and the brutal rape/incest scenes . Personally I found them to be very brutal and hard to watch . It seems like the director was trying very hard to push the envelope . Maybe a little too much . There is a lot of blood and guts as well . Personally , I found some of it hard to watch and had to look away several times.However , this is still a good movie . There is plenty going for it , though . The characters are unique , and the acting is above average for an independent film . The lead character , -LRB- Zoe Chlanda -RRB- is spectacular . This is not your typical female lead . She starts off as a meek , shy , basket case , but by the end of the film she transforms into a raving lunatic ! She really holds the movie together , since her character is the catalyst for all the carnage that takes place . And boy , can she handle an axe!Bill Corry and Katherine O'Sullivan plays the creepy undertakers of the Beech Funeral home perfectly . Perfectly screwy ! He is a fidgety man , and she a religios nut who has delusions of her dead daughter . Perfect folks to run a funeral home . Jerry Murdock does a good job playing both Sherriff Mitch Giraldi and his scummy brother , Jake . I did n't even know it was the same person until I saw it in the credits . A Really convincing job . I went back and watched it again to make sure and I still do n't believe it ! Alan Rowe Kelly , the director also does a great job playing Corey , the beautician in the funeral home . All of his scenes are hilarious . He plays the bitchy `` Divine '' party wonderfully ! I did n't know whether to hug him or slap him . I just wished there were more of him.I guess I 'll Bury You Tomorrow is more of a Black Comedy than a straight up horror movie . The situations and story are outrageous , and the evnts play out like a slow-motion train wreck . I found myself laughing hysterically one moment , only to be ready to barf the next . It offers that much , and will entertain people looking for a `` fun '' movie and those hard core horror fans . It 's not really a date movie , though . : - -RRB- My main problem with it was the extreme nature of the subject matter and violence . It was too gruesome in certain parts . But , if you like all the blood , as well as the necrophilia , incest , rape and perversion , this might suit you . Be ready for a wild ride , but be warned about the subject matter . It 's not for everyone .
 This is one crazy flick ! Well , where do I start ? Odd angles , cool locations , Grave-robbing , selling dead bodies on the black market , strange visitors in town , stranger residents that live in the town , freaky funeral home on the hill overlooking the graveyard , odd mortician , religious nut for a wife , the he/she assistant , embalming , morbid flashbacks , bizarre hallucinations , drug use , heavy drinking , bad accidents , dead corpses in trunks , necrophilia , menacing old ruins behind the house , haunting music , dark secrets , the mystery character buying dead people , mysterious secret meetings on back roads , the minister with half a face , `` the nurse '' , punk rockers , strippers , burying bodies in the rain , chasing buxom blondes through the woods , axe murders , stabbings , disemboweling , bludgeoning , scalping , dismemberment , mutilation , and nuns . Yeah . That sums it all up . Feel like the perfect Sturday night freak show ? This is the movie you are lookin ' for .
 `` Master Keaton , Vol . 5 '' is definitely an above-average volume for fans of this compelling anime series about an insurance investigator/archaeologist traveling the globe solving cases with brains , not brawn . Two of the series ' absolute best episodes , in this reviewer 's opinion , are found as the first two on this disc -LRB- nos. 21 and 22 -RRB- . The first , `` The Thistle Emblem , '' tells a fascinating , beautifully-illustrated tale about a coat-of-arms insignia found in Japan that may have a connection with a 17th century Scotsman who founded a still-thriving distillery but was driven out by the English , sailed away and was never seen again . In an Edinburgh pub , Keaton tells all he 's learned to his father , complete with flashbacks showing the historical events , while waiting for a collaborator whom he 's never met -LRB- and a wonderful twist ending -RRB- . The next one , `` Chateau Lajonchee 1944 , '' tells of a vineyard in France that managed , in the middle of World War II , to create the perfect wine , and prepares , five decades later , to adapt to market conditions and create a more commercial , mass-marketable wine . One remaining bottle of the 1944 vintage holds the key to the vineyard 's fate . As we hear the story of how the perfect wine was created , we can almost smell the grapes and taste the wine ourselves , so powerful are the images and mood created . Of the other stories on the disc , one tells a suspenseful story of survival in the desert while on an archaeological dig in the Taklamakhan desert in China and another tells of Keaton 's effort to transport a prisoner through England 's Lake District bog country , where the prisoner has lots of friends among the well-armed locals . Finally , there 's `` The Day the Op was Born , '' a somewhat implausible murder mystery which is actually a flashback to Keaton 's origin story , telling how he went from archaeology student to insurance investigator in one fell swoop.The better stories are so good they will sustain viewers through the weaker ones -LRB- the prisoner and origin episodes -RRB- . `` Master Keaton '' remains one of the best non-action anime series in release in the U.S. and a natural for older fans of Japanese animation looking for mature characters , serious storytelling and real-world settings .
 Anything that has Ben Stiller and Ed Norton in it is going to be good . Good story that also makes you laugh .
 I have to admit I started watching this movie with a less than positive attitude . My previous encounters with Ben Stiller were either getting certain appendages stuck in zippers or having crocodilian 's crispy heads removed geek style . I recognized Jenna Elfman from `` Krippendorf 's Tribe '' -LRB- 1998 -RRB- . So I was ready for some wasted film.After holding my breath and waiting for it to hit . I soon realized that this was a well put together movie with a good story plot and excellent execution . I was amazed at the people that were in this movie . Half the time I keep saying `` oh look there is '' Anne Bancroft , Eli Wallach , and many others.Basic story of three childhood friends . One went away and the other two chose to become -LRB- now do n't laugh -RRB- a priest and a rabbi . The one that went away -LRB- Anna Riley -RRB- returns as a business executive and has a magnetic personality with accoutrements to match.The fun and the drama is when two and a half become more than friend . How will they and their world react to this ? What makes the movie is not the story as much as how it is executed . And it seems that I need to re-evaluate Ben Stiller as he did a fine job with just the minimum of `` spectacles , testicles , watch , wallet '' . The Miracle Worker ~ Anne Bancroft
 Keeping the Faith is a movie that takes a couple of tired , overused Hollywood chliches -- the love triangle and the couple who are meant to be together but sadly pushed apart by their inability to verbalize their feelings -- and makes them fresh and interesting again simply by not taking them seriously . Norton has assembled a cast -LRB- himself , Ben Stiller , and Jenna Elfman -RRB- who can take these serious subjects and waltz gracefully through them , so that a movie that could be clunky and too long becomes , instead , a delightfully funny ride through the ups and downs of the Rabbi and the Priest who both love the same woman .
 I saw this movie on a flight to Hong Kong , and enjoyed it so much , I bought it upon my return home . Anyone who enjoys a `` chick-flick '' will love this one ! The DVD has so many great extras , and the music is terrific . Everyone ... go out and buy this movie ! You wo n't regret it !
 I like ben stiller movies . I recieved this DVD for easter . I now have all his new comides , mary , meet the parents and kepping the faith . This also stars edward norton who did fight club . This movie is about a rabbi -LRB- stiller -RRB- and a priest -LRB- norton -RRB- who are in love with the same woman that they grew up with . She returns all grown up . Sparks fly and the comedy come boiling up . This movie had a splash of drama for the serious parts . It 's mostly a comedy and romance movie . The DVD has great features . Get it for yourself and enjoy !
 A charming tale about love , faith , and what happens when you mix the two together , Keeping the Faith is one of those films that you will either love because of the extremely likeable characters that you get to know so well , or that you will dislike because it may seem like a formula comedy that runs a bit too long -LRB- 2 hours , 9 minutes -RRB- . Personally I loved it for both those reasons . I came to adore all the characters , namely because in each of them I saw frail human qualities that I also shared , and also because Ben Stiller , Jenna Elfman , and Ed Norton all give superb performances that leave you laughing , crying , and laughing once again . And yet , because I loved these characters , I did not want the movie to end and therefore was pleased by its excessive length , and by the additional half an hour of footage on the DVD!The DVD is definitely worth buying if you really liked this film because the extra features are too awesome to resist . TONS of deleted scenes and a LONG production gag reel make this a great one to own , and Edward Norton fans can not NOT buy this disc because you can even watch the movie with Mr. Norton , aka the director and producer of the film , providing a running commentary on every aspect of the film and the making of it .
 This movie was the greatest ! The rabbi and the preist both fall head over heels for the girl . You got ta see it .
 Jenna Elfman is absolutely adorable in this film ! Not being a fan of hers , I watched with skepticism but was completely won over within the first 20 minutes . She is superbly cast as the gregarious career-minded woman in this anticipation-wrought love triangle . Strangely enough , you really wish that both guys could win this one.Ed Norton is brilliant as the Catholic priest rethinking his vows as he considers his love for Elfman . For anyone wondering what it must be like to be celibate and strongly tempted - this must be it . As always , Ben Stiller is wonderfully sweet and funny.This is a beautiful , witty love story and a great date flick . I highly recommend - it 's good , clean fun . The end is satisfying , but perhaps they SHOULD all just be friends !
 I have just seen this movie and I think it 's wonderful . From beginning to end it 's sweet and touching . It 's the perfect movie for everyone who likes intelligent comedy with a lot of heart . All three main Actors are great . EDWARD NORTON forever !
 I watched this DVD yesterday ... I must admit . I was expecting alot more comedy than was delivered . The movies started out very funny . I was laughing ... however , it became way too serious and focused too heavily on lust more than love . The character of Anna , in my opinion was more of a qsuado-seductress than a loveable tomboyish best friend all grown up and both the Priest and the Rabbi fall for her . It is more Seduction than falling in love . I do n't know . I liked the movie . But I ca n't say It is something somethat I would watch over and over again ... Still worth 4 stars ... Excellent directorial debut by Norton ...
 Top to bottom this movie is very good . On its simplest level it is an Arthurian romance -LRB- all three characters care deeply about one another and form an odd and dysfunctional love triangle -RRB- . On this level it is a comedy and a decent movie.At a deeper level it talks about the priests vow of celebacy , a rabbi and a gentile relationship , and how profoundly faith enters the picture for two `` young '' men -LRB- and , indirectly , a young woman -RRB- looking for a relationship.My favorite scenes in the whole movie were where the older `` spiritual guides '' come across as strong mentors rather than stick-in-the-mud characters.Rabbi Lewis
 A really sweet and wonderful film . I enjoyed it all the way through .
 `` Keeping the Faith '' -LRB- 2000 -RRB- is generally regarded as a light comedy romance movie . However , we believe that both Norton and Stiller would argue that `` Keeping the Faith '' is the suspenseful follow-up to Hitchcock 's `` I Confess '' -LRB- 1953 -RRB- . Obviously , Edward Norton is Father Logan -LRB- Montgomery Clift 's character -RRB- who 's back on the streets . After the insanity of `` I Confess '' , Logan has changed his name to Father Finn and teamed up with a rogue Rabbi in New York City . Now they 've devised a murder plot against a young female executive named Anna Reilly ! But she 's on to the Rabbi after he starts an electrical fire at a Chinese Karaoke bar in Queens . We must stop here , for to go on would give away too much of the suspenseful plot.Will Father Finn beat the rap ? Can he stop the rogue Rabbi from destroying what 's left of Queens before Reilly goes public ?! `` Keeping the Faith '' is a film that we have observed but are unable to officially recommend -LRB- Norton 's directing debut is well done -RRB- . We will always believe that it is a sequel to `` I Confess '' .
 This is one of the funniest movies I 've ever seen !!! The greatest threesome in a comedy
 Where do you begin ? I have never seen a film use Judiasm and Christianity as strong influences in a film.It was used so well in this film . Between Jenna Elfman and Ben Stiller and Edward Norton they really show how each religon is so majorly important to their lives and how it will effect their lives all together . It is a wonderful movie , I really enjoyed .
 Kudos to Edward Norton -- both because this was his first out as a director , and because his story pays due -LRB- and funny -RRB- respect to organized religion -LRB- and individual faith . -RRB- How long has it been since we 've seen a film focusing on believing/involved people of faith that was n't either preachy and sanctimonious , or cynical and paranoid ? Let 's see -- maybe Steve Martin 's `` Leap of Faith '' , or Denzel Washington 's remake of Cary Grant 's `` The Preacher 's Wife . '' Maybe a couple more -- but not many.It 's nice to see a film celebrate active belief without turning into `` Father O'Malley and the Dirty Faced Street Urchins of New York '' or `` Father O'Malley and the Dirty Alter Boys of Cell Block 8 . `` And yes -- it 's cute , funny , & light-hearted ; AND seriously about friendship , tradition , matters of faith vs. matters of religion -- and people living in this century .
 My wife and I had never heard of this one , until it appeared on Pay Per View television . Now I 've seen it three times , including this past weekend with my parents.There 's a slight slowdown for perhaps the third fifth of the movie , but the rest is really quite charming . The writing is witty , the acting is comfortable , and the direction and editing are both quite smart .
 I LOVED this movie !!! Ben Stiller , Jenna Elfman , and Ed Norton make an excellent comical team !!! My favorite part is when Father Brian goes to pick up Rabbi Schram while Anna is over at his apartment . Catholics who befriend Jews and Jews who befriend Catholics , are sure to appreiate this movie . The only aspect of the movie that bothered me was that Ed Norton played a priest because I think he is so HOT and I had a hard time gawking at him while he was in cleric 's clothing .
 Nortan -LRB- Fight Club ; American History X -RRB- , Elfman -LRB- Sitcom `` Dharma and Greg '' -RRB- , and Stiller -LRB- Meet the Parents -RRB- light it up in this warm-hearted comedy about 3 friends from grade school who have n't seen each other in year , now thrown back together when Elfman comes running back into their lives . Nortan and Stiller , now clergymen , -LRB- Nortan a Catholic Priest , Stiller a Jewish Rabbi -RRB- both find the old friendship they once knew in their beloved tom-boyish beauty of a friend Elfman . But throughout it all , there is denial , lying , antitrust , and a passionate love triangle forms . Now who will end up following their faith and who will end up following their hearts ? Nortan , Elfman , and Stiller deliver a spectacular and heart gripping performance in this romantic comedy that should n't be missed by men nor women alike .
 Good for Jews , Catholics , and business people alike . This movie is my favorite romantic comedy of 1999 . The cast is great Ben Stiller and Ed Norton form the hip young Rabbi/Priest duo who re establish contact with the coolest girl they ever knew growing up who is now this ultra successful business woman . Jenna Elfman -LRB- thegirl -RRB- is a guys best friend , sweet , exciting and gorgeous . Anne Bancroft is excellent as Stiller 's cliched Jewish mother . I love this movie . It 's humorous and heart warming .
 ` Keeping the Faith ' is one of the funniest , smartest , warmest comedies of the last several years , and marks a wonderful directorial debut for costar Edward Norton . It works on many levels ; as a loving look at relationships , on the common ground Judaism and Catholicism shares in compassion towards people , in embracing love , no matter what obstacles might arise ... and it does all this while respecting different religions , which makes this a very unique and special film!Norton and Ben Stiller play lifelong friends , who , as children , meet a fabulous , funny girl who they bond with . After she moves away , the two grow up , becoming a priest and a rabbi ... then the girl returns , as a successful businesswoman , and the friendship is renewed ... until romance enters the picture!Each character is unique and likeable ; Norton is a sweet , funny klutz , endearing in his awkwardness ; Stiller is compassionate and quick-witted , dealing with his Temple 's matchmaking efforts with wry humor ; Jenna Elfman -LRB- who has NEVER been lovelier onscreen -RRB- is both wise and vulnerable , and totally believable as a person both guys would fall in love with.Major issues are addressed in the film -LRB- a Priest 's vow of celibacy , interfaith marriages , religious discrimination -RRB- , and are dealt with and resolved in such a positive , loving manner that you wonder why these issues ever BECOME problems ! All this reflects well on Edward Norton , who shows remarkable sensitivity as both a cowriter and director!The supporting cast is marvelous ; Anne Bancroft is fabulous as Stiller 's mother , Eli Wallach and Ron Rifkin , as a rabbi and synagogue leader , respectively , are equally good ; director Milos Forman is terrific as Father Havel , Norton 's mentor . Two other supporting players should be singled out , as well ; Lisa Edelstein has a GREAT slapstick scene with Stiller , as the Jewish ` Date from Hell ' , and Brian George is hilarious as a `` Sikh/Christian with Jewish inlaws '' bartender that Norton confides in.There are a LOT of great one-liners , inspired scenes , and a resolution that is both believable and satisfying . The DVD edition offers even MORE to love ; Norton 's very funny and wise commentary about the making of the film , deleted scenes , and a VERY funny gag reel are special features you CA N'T find anywhere else!This film is a MUST for your collection , a ` feel-good ' movie that you can enjoy , again and again ! I HIGHLY recommend it !
 This is a movie about a priest named Brian Finn -LRB- Edward Norton -RRB- and a rabbi named Jake Schram -LRB- Ben Stiller -RRB- in New York City . They 're young , popular , down to earth , and are totally committed to their respective religions . Before that , when they were kids , there was this girl -- a totally cool chick just like them , down to earth and decent . The three of them were like peas and carrots together but she had to move away , upsetting at first , but ultimately making Brian and Jake best friends by themselves . They 're adults now , and she comes back to NYC to visit for business , and things get VERY interesting . If you 've ever had the whole `` is -LSB- s -RSB- he Jewish ? '' dilemna , you 'll love this movie . Even if you have n't , this romantic comedy breaks all cliches and tells a most unique story . Ben Stiller and Edward Norton , if you 're reading this , keep doing these kinds of movies ! Pop some popcorn , invite your boyfriend or girlfriend over , and put on this movie ! You 'll love it .
 I have a bone to pick with just about every movie critic in the known universe . Each and every one of them acts shocked and dismayed when a romantic comedy turns out to be * gasp ! * predictible , and then they feel the need to make snide comments about the acting , the plot , the storyline ... What gets lost in all this is the fact that many highly intelligent people enjoy watching these movies because they are FUN . Even if I know -LRB- or think I know -RRB- how a movie will turn out in the end , I can still have FUN while I 'm getting there . You know what fun is , right ? It 's that thing where you 're happy and not uptight -- you remove the stick from your butt for awhile and just ENJOY yourself . What a concept . And I was in the mood to enjoy myself one night , did n't want to think too deeply , so I decided to rent `` Keeping The Faith . `` Wow . I have to state here that I 'm pretty wary of movies that portray `` religious '' people of any kind , because I 'm sick and tired of stereotypes . Let me assure my fellow `` religious '' people
 They say Faith can move mountains . They say Faith can get you through the turmoil of life . What happens though when your Faith in God runs headlong into your Love of a woman ? Can the two exist if the woman is of a different Faith ? Can it exist if you are the leader of your denomination ? Ed Norton 's directorial debut examines this in what could be a serious movie but is a very funny romantic movie.We start with Father Brian Finn , Ed Norton , stumbling drunk and landing in an all night bar . He ends up telling the story to a world-weary bartender who claims to have heard it all . The bartender knew he had heard it all when it started with , `` There 's this Priest and a Rabbi ... '' Actually the story does n't start there though.Approximately 16 years early Brian Finn and Jacob Schram , two best friends , met their soul mate Anna Riley . She was the kind of girl all boys wanted to be around , cute but not too girlish . These three are never seen without each other . Disaster strikes 2 years later when Anna 's father is moved across the country to New York . The three occasionally keep in touch through letters but think that their partnership is over.We jump to the future where the two boys have taken interesting jobs . It seems Brian and Jake , Ben Stiller , have always had a calling and that calling was to preach the word . Brian has become a Priest and Jake is now a Rabbi . Both are the hottest things to hit their respective Church 's and are shaking things up with contemporary ideas . They are even jokingly known in the streets as `` The God Squad . '' They reach some opposition from the old-line members of their respective congregations however the increased numbers at each service is hard to argue with.One fine day Brian informs Jake that their old friend , Anna is going to be coming to New York for work and wants to get together with them . Both are stunned to find their gangly tomboyish friend has grown up to be a stunning workaholic played by Jenna Elfman.Here 's where the story really gets interesting . The three friends begin palling around again and getting to know everything about them . Anna is basically the proto-typical 2000 woman . She is so busy working that she rarely has time to go out with men in fact as she puts it , she has a relationship with her phone . Anna is more interested in getting to know about the two guys . She finds it fascinating that the two men are so dedicated to their churches and attends services at both . She also is interested in knowing how they are going to get their Catholic/Jewish Community Center opened . However what interests her the most is the men 's relationship issues . She quizzes Brian about his faith and of course about his vow ... the big vow ... and wants to know what is going on with Jake and his women . I say women because all the women at the Synagogue are desperate to get their daughters married off to the young Rabbi . This leads to a couple of wonderful dates for Jake.Problems occur with all this time spent together though . Brian begins to question his vows of Celibacy more and more as he is around Anna . Even more of a problem though occurs between Anna and Jake as they fall in love . This would n't be too much of a problem if Jake was just your normal attendee of the Synagogue however being a Rabbi up for his own church ? Well let 's just say it is n't looked upon too well to be going out with a blonde Irish girl if you want to lead a Synagogue.Since this is a Romantic/Comedy we know how it is going to end . The pleasure of the movie is watching how they get there . All three actors deliver superb performances . We knew Ed Norton was a great actor but Ben Stiller and Jenna Elfman more than stand with him in terms of comedic timing and drama . I was doubly impressed that Jenna , unlike some other television actresses , was able to successfully shed her television persona for a new gig.The dialogue was rapid fire and funny . The timing of the movie was also well paced . We had seen early evidence of Ed Norton 's abilities when he helped out trimming down American History X and he continues to do a great job with the reins fully in his hands . This was definitely worth full price at the theater and is a great Date Movie .
 KEEPING THE FAITH is a fine example of how extra features on a DVD can help change your mind about a film . When I first saw it , my immediate reaction was total disappointment . It 's not that I thought the film bad , exactly . It was just that the previews had made it out to be a hilarious romantic comedy , and it was n't exactly splittin ' my sides.When you look at the deleted scenes and hear the audio commentary , it becomes clear that producer/director Ed Norton was n't trying to make the film the studio was selling . It 's not that he comes out and says , `` Disney 's marketing department screwed me . '' But you see through his dialogue with his writer that he made conscious choices away from extremely funny material . He was n't trying to make a hilarious movie , just a good story about three friends.This is particularly evident when viewing the deleted scenes . Though completely shot and scored , Norton decides to axe what is clearly the funniest orgasm scene since Meg Ryan faked it in a restaurant . You also see how much of Ben Stiller 's naturally funnier self was edited out . Why ? Norton says , to the audible chagrin of his writer , that it did n't really fit in the movie he was trying to make.Whether you agree with him on this and other choices , the fact is that if the movie he was trying to make had been marketed , it would 've garnered more appreciation.Still , Norton did n't quite succeed at making a solid romance , either . It 's not the kind of movie you 'll watch over and over again . After the engaging set up , there are n't really any plot twists , much less unexpected outcomes . It 's just another romance set in New York . Lacking either remarkable comedy or profound insight , the film easily releases you from its grasp once you see it . Norton has traded the innovative promise of the plot for mere likability . I think , perhaps , that Norton was trying so hard not to cause religious offense that he winds up seeming almost gun shy of his own subject matter . Or maybe the sudden rewrite of a huge chunk of the movie days prior to filming is what tripped things up.What I really think sinks the film , though , is Norton 's own character . He 's just not a plausible romantic presence . At no point do you ever feel like Brian might actually GET Anna , so his entire presence is superflous to the romantic plot . Worse , the storyline depends on him going beyond being hurt by Anna 's inevitable rejection , into the area of absolutely unprofessional conduct . It just does n't make any sense what he does in the end , and yet without his action , the story ca n't advance.All this aside , students of film will want to look at the DVD version of this movie , just because it 's a great case study of the indirect tension between studio and filmmaker , and , to a lesser extent , between director and writer . Casual viewers in search of a night of light New York romance would probably do better watching WHEN HARRY MET SALLY again .
 Okay , so you get an Irish Catholic Priest and a Jewish Rabbi who had a tom-boy friend when they were kids and you have a great idea for a movie.Who thinks of these things anyway ?? Stiller and Norton , although not looking like they would be friends , do a great job of acting like it . Their characters come together well , especially after Anna -LRB- Jenna Elfman -RRB- returns to NY for a career move after being away since she was young girl.The flash back and then forward sequence is excellent . You almost forget where the movie started because there are so many cute twists to the movie.There is also a lesson in the movie , one of love and compromise and you get a sense of the challenges people face when they make life choices as far as career , marriage and family issues.This is a fun movie , good for the DVD library . The language is a little harsh in places , yet , it is an okay film .
 Based on my perusal of others ' reviews of this movie , it seems that some people were expecting something monumental and profound , and hence were disappointed . I do n't know why they had such lofty expectations ; `` Keeping the Faith '' is just one of many in the ` romantic comedy ' genre . Given this however , it 's for the most part an enjoyable movie , if not entirely believable . Heck ; reality itself is unbelievable half the time , so just suspend the tendency to hyperevaluate if you 'd like to appreciate this one.This is my first introduction to Edward Norton , and I think he was a stand-out , both as actor and first-time director . The DVD includes some deleted scenes , a few of which I 'm very thankful WERE deleted . The movie could have benefited from some further editing as well , but at least the worst bits were scrapped . Ben Stiller and Jenna Elfman do n't have that much ` chemistry ' , and efforts to force the fit would not have served the story well.There are several veteran actors among the supporting players , Ann Bancroft and Eli Wallach among them , giving `` Keeping the Faith '' a bit of a boost . Also enjoyable are the glimpses of the three leads ' characters -LRB- Norton , Stiller , Elfman -RRB- as adolescent friends . If you 'd just like to have a few laughs at the follies of human beings and the nature of their relationships , `` Keeping the Faith '' is well worth the time investment .
 I find this movie to be very funny and lighthearted . Simply put its entertaining and thats what a comedy should be .
 I had no desire to see this movie , but I had run out of Stiller movies , and so I had no choice . It ended being such a funny , enjoyable , and cute film that I can say that any move Ben Stiller is in is gon na be great , and I will never doubt Edward Norton again , either . His directing is superb -- he keeps it really spontaneous and honest and real rather than glossy and scripted . Even though the actual premise is admittedly pretty farfetched , there is a lot of truth to the emotions and human reactions , making it a very moving movie . Jenna Elfman is a real treat , she is very very gifted -- who knew ???? So definitely rent this movie .
 Find someone to cuddle with and curl up to watch this adorable movie . Norton 's direction is amazing and the scenes with Stiller and Elfman make me wish they were really a couple . Norton 's scenes in the bar are especially funny , but his wonderful direction is the real star .
 Ben Stiller and Edward Norton play best friends Jake and Brian , a rabbi and a priest who are both strong leaders in their congregations . When their friend Anna visits them , both friends fall for her and find themselves questioning their faiths.This is a sweet and often funny movie that is well written and acted by the cast . Religion can be a tough subject to base a comedy around , but Keeping the Faith does pretty well . The plot itself seems to unwind a bit near the end , but Ben Stiller and Edward Norton keep it afloat pretty well.This is a pretty good movie , so I recommend it for a Saturday afternoon .
 This is a movie cut out of the mold of a love triangle , with a happy ending after the passing of a crisis . Edward Norton is a priest and Ben Stiller , his best friend is a rabbi . Will the priest break his vows ? Will the rabbi marry out of his religion ? See this movie to find out ! This movie is a fantasy . Stiller plays the type of rabbi , a hip Hollywood filmaking crowd would like to believe exists . In fact , a rabbi who dresses trendily in punk chic and is found out to be serious with a non Jewish romantic interest would not be as tolerated by his congregation as he is in this fictional congregation in New York -LRB- and this congregation appears to be traditional , not reform -RRB- . Thus , the situation created in this movie is very unreal and is for the hopelessly romatic fantasy lover . All in all , the movie is good entertainment following a tried and true romantic comedy formula .
 I was n't sure what to expect out of this movie . The idea of two best friends , one Catholic the other Jewish , growing up to become a priest and a Rabbi sounded appealing . However , the previews for the movie made the film appear to be a slapstick comedy centered around the differences of religion . However , as it turns out , Ed Norton is almost as good a director as he is an actor and prevents the movie from becoming farcical or too serious.The movie revolves around the two said best friends and how they both end up falling in love with the same girl ; a girl who used to live in their neighborhood but who is now all grown up , more beautiful than ever , and a top business executive . The film starts out great , examining the friendship and lives of the two friends . However , once the girl from next door shows up , the tone of the movie changes and instead of being a religious comedy examining the close friendship of a rabbi and priest , it becomes a dramatic romance with a few comic moments here and there . Not that the romantic angle is n't interesting , but the heart of this movie is n't about romantic love . The center of this movie is about friendship and faith.All three of the major actors pull off strong performances and Norton continues to amaze with his range as an actor . The film also boosts a strong supporting cast which makes the film even more enjoyable to watch . A great movie overall as long as you have a little bit of faith .
 Great movie , do n't have much to say , but I 'm jewish and I think that movie is great and it shows what religion is REALLY ALL ABOUT ! You should believe in love and friendship ! No matter who you are !!! Got to go , EVERYONE WATCH THE MOVIE , YOU 'LL LOVE IT !!!!!! Xenia
 Edward Norton has come to stay in the movie business . Here , he 's directing for the first time . The movie flows like a hand in a velvet glove
 Ok , I know it is very difficult to believe that yet another romantic comedy is coming out , and that in all probability it is gon na make you sick with corney dialouge and predictable jokes and leave you wondering why these people fell for eachother in the first place . That is one thing that is GREAT about keeping the faith -- you see the chemistry between all three characters -LRB- Father Brian , Rabbi Jake and Anna Riley -RRB- and dont wonder for a second what interests them in eachother . Yes its predictable and even sappy , but it is also truly charming , well written and funny . You really care about the characters and when you listen to them talk to eachother you feel as if you are really listening to old friends chat . All three actors are so perfect for their roles and Norton 's first timed directing does n't let us down . Along with the love triangle part of the story there is some really good discussions about faith , life , and forgivness . I love this movie from the opening to closing credits -- see it , cuz if you wan na regain your faith -LRB- no pun intended , hehe -RRB- in romantic comedies , you will too !
 The next time you feel totally hopeless and sad over the endless stream of bad , unfunny comedies and pathetic , unmoving romances I suggest you watch Keeping the Faith . It 'll put a smile on your face , a tear in your eye , and hope for the future of movies back in your heart.In short , this movie is awesome . It is a superb blend of side-splitting laughs , happy ending romance , and good old-fashioned priest-rabbi jokes . The script is probably one of the best things to come out of the romantic comedy genre in a while , and impressively enough is not resigned to basing all of its jokes solely on the priest-rabbi thing . From physical scenes to straight dialogue this movie never stops delivering the good times . But it is not strictly punch line after punch line - amongst all of this humor there is a genuine story of friendship , family , love , humanity and yes ! even religion . And , unlike so many movies today , there is actual character development and an ability to become attached to those characters.Of course , a lot of the attachment you have to the people on the screen is due to the awesome people who portray those characters . Ben Stiller and Edward Norton were the PERFECT picks for the lead roles of rabbi and priest , respectively . They worked together ingeniously , playing off one another in the most amusing and remarkable manner . Jenna Elfman played Anna beautifully , and is so totally adorable and endearing that even if you want to hate her because she is so beautiful , you ca n't . She 's a great comic , and holds her own against Ben Stiller who I personally think is one of the funniest kids around . I 'm willing to bet the farm that a good deal of the scenese between any combination of these three was filled with improvisation -LRB- such as the scene where Norton drifts into a Dustin-Hoffman-as-Rainman manner of speaking , just for kicks -RRB- . The three are fabulous together.My highest suggestion - do n't miss this movie . See it , rent it , buy it ... whatever . But chances are you have n't seen anything this good in a while , and wo n't again very soon .
 The story is good and funny , and the filming looks wonderful.Do NOT miss the extras on the DVD , especially the scene with Anna -LRB- Jenna Elfman -RRB- and her vibrating cell phone . It is definitely one of the funniest and sexiest scenes I have seen in a long while .
 i thought this was a great effort by edward norton as a director . i especially loved the religious implications involved with the priest and the rabbi and the worldly woman . it was well done to show that men of two different religions could be pals , even of two religions that have fought each other previously . it is possible to be friends and have different religious beliefs .
 At last a film which breaks the mould of slapstick comedy . I thoroughly enjoyed this film because of its simplicity and directness . It thrives on the performance of Jenna Elfman who is stunning as Anna , a ruthless business woman who is inseparable from her mobile phone . Ben Stiller is as funny as usual whilst Ed Norton shows us once again his incredible range as an actor . Some of the shots of New York are a joy to behold -LRB- particularly at night -RRB- . Obviously , it wo n't rank among the greatest films ever but it has an indelible charm and will appeal to all generations . The extra 's on the DVD are quite good , keep an eye on the deleted scene ` Anna and her phone ' which is hilarious . Anne Bancroft as Jake 's -LRB- Ben Stiller -RRB- mother plays the role to perfection . It was clear that everyone who took part in this film enjoyed acting in it as i did watching it . ps
 It would appear that this movie would be another cheesy chick flick -LRB- I mean really
 I went and saw this movie with my Catholic friend , and being Jewish this movie seemed all to appropriate for us . Also since we are familiar with each other 's religious views , the movie hit close to home . I seriously could not stop laughing , and I recommend you see it with anyone . It 's always better when art imitates life , as it does with this movie . It 's accurasy into the Jewish faith is a little off , but it is still one of the best movies ever .
 this is one of the funniest movies of the last few years . from the opening in the bar to the closing at the senior center , the movie never departs from its comic theme while still maintaining character development . Thumbs up to Ben Stiller and Edward Norton , who manage to pull off their roles with aplomb , and never falling into the trap of turning a funny scene into a forced gag . The DVD version has the deleted scenes and gag reels - the `` Anna and her cell phone '' reel is worth the purchase price all by itself ...
 I liked , this movie very funny Edward Norton did a good job with this Ben Stiller was good , Jenna Elfmen was great I loved this movie made me , laugh you 'll like it .
 Remember that joke about the Rabbi and the Priest ? Well , someone in Hollywood decided to make a movie out of it and while the casual observer may think that it would be difficult to make a successful movie on such a flimsy topic , it works and pulls at your heartstrings.Jake Schramm and Brian Finn had been friends since their childhood . Every since they were kids Jakes has wanted to be a rabbi . He even had a set of All-Star Rabbi collecting cards ! Brian has also been religious his whole life . Growing up as kids , a tomgirl by the name of Anna Riley came into their little New York life and soon the 3 became inseperable . However , fate would have it that Anna 's parents were moving to the sunshine of California , crushing the bond between the three friends.Still , life goes on and 20 years later , we catch up with the two hip religious figures , now serving their own faiths as Priest and Rabbi . One of the subplots is that they want to build a Inter-faith community center because they feel that if they can be friends , religious denomination should not a dividing point amongst people . Jake is the dating phase , being set up by every Jewish mother and her sister , while Brian is living a satisfying celibate life with God as his companion.However this is turned upside down when Anna , on a business trip to New York , calls them up to catch up . She has turned into a radiant business woman who has kept enough of her quirkiness to make her irresistible to both men . Jake , who starts dating her , begins to develop commit issues because she is not Jewish -LRB- which might affect his chance of becoming head rabbi at his synagogue -RRB- and Brian begins questioning his faith in the Catholism because he has fallen in love so hard that he feels he has lost his commitment to religion.All three characters are played well . Jenna Elfman is the best as the irresistable Anna Riley . She gives her character so much charisma and is luminous on screen . Edward Norton is also very good as the sensitive priest who becomes hurt and discouraged when he realizes what he thought was sexual flirtation is actually just playfulness . Ben Stiller plays the it straight as the Rabbi , but he tends to become `` less than a man '' as he whines through his dilemma about interfaith relationships.All three of them have tremendous amounts of chemistry -LRB- as friends and lovers -RRB- and it makes the movie even more endearing . So , when this movie comes out near Halloween and you are sick of watching yet another slasher brain-drain flick , give this movie a chance ... Rating
 I saw this movie because I 'm a fan of Edward Norton and I wanted to see his directorial debut . I left the theater feeling uplifted and I was proud of Norton 's positive and humorous look at life . I was proud of my generation , glad that we 're not all slacker pessimists like Newsweek wants us to believe.Back to the movie
 This is a great romantic comedy . Laugh out loud funny with a great story line . Norton shows a softer side and Stiller checks the sophomoric behavior at the door . And there is n't much needed to be said about Jen ! Beautiful . One of my favorite movies .
 Critics , schmitics -- what I love about KEEPING THE FAITH is it 's take on ecumenism and the sparkle of the characters/actors . Perhaps all romantic comedies are , after all , mawkish , since the pattern has been around for centuries . However , most of us do like seeing our favorites in the genre , as well as seeing the latest take on same.Here Edward Norton 's character is a priest and Jenna Elfman 's is a high-powered executive just back in New York after having been away from the boys for at least a decade . Of course , Ben Stiller 's character is a rabbi , to round out the threesome -- `` Two Micks and a Yid . '' The stage is set by Norton 's character who is blitzed and telling his troubles to a sympathetic bartender , a Punjabi Catholic with Jewish in-laws . -LRB- Norton also directs for the first time here and the tone of the whole movie is lively and positive -- the characters ' comedic timing is excellent . -RRB- The plot thickens as we learn that Norton has made a romantic declaration and his suit was less than successful . The whole celibacy thing does n't lessen his sense of betrayal ; then we learn why.Having set themselves up to play out the usual jokes about the differences between priests and rabbis , Norton , Elfman , and Stiller have a really good time with the dialog , the scenarios , and working with such stellars as Anne Bancroft , Eli Wallach , and Milos Froman.This movie is a lot of fun , people , so enjoy !
 This is a tale of three childhood friends . It 's funny but not over the top . One of the friends moves away and the two boys are left to grow up . But years later , the girl comes back . Sparks fly when they both begin to fall in love with her all over again . It 's great fun .
 `` Who is the coolest woman you have ever known ? '' `` That 's easy
 I think this is a charming movie . The characters are likeable , it 's very funny , and has a heartwarming message without being cheesy or smarmy . A great `` date '' movie and appropriate fun for older children -LRB- some romantic -LRB- not sex -RRB- scenes not okay for younger viewers -RRB- .
 Keeping the Faith has love , suspense , conflict and happiness . It is a warm touching movie .
 all about relationships and frienships . family values and laughter and fun . good for all generations . no car crashes , chases , no killings . just first class story told by superb actors , well written and well directed . a must see .
 I 'm a little slow to view this movie , but even 8 years after its release , it was one of the funnier movies I 've seen in the past 8 years . It was witty , sweet , pensive , and all around 5 stars . The plot , lines , and acting were top notch . I am a fan of this movie and recommend it to anyone who wants to laugh , cry , think , and feel . The story of Jake the Rabbi -LRB- Ben Stiller -RRB- and Brian the Priest -LRB- Edward Norton -RRB- as they reunite with their childhood friend Anna -LRB- Jenna Elfman -RRB- , the workaholic , is a perfect combination of faith-promoting anecdotes , new love antics , and lines that will keep your head rolling with laughter .
 A bit unrealistic regarding the presentation of Judaism and Christianity in the movie . But a perfect story about three friends who finally come to terms with their relationships . A perfect love-story . THE urban romance-movie . A perfect Jenna Elfman .
 It is a beautiful story about Faith and what that means to the people who take it seriously . I love the Milos Forman speech about a choice you have to make every day . I love the mingling of very different religions without feeling that any is superior . And the idea that faith should inform your life but not take it over . This is one of those movies I flip to whenever it is on , and I just sent it to my sister who loves Ed Norton but is somewhat afraid of what he might do in a movie with Ben Stiller . She should have some faith that they combine to make something we can all appreciate !
 Not only is this movie , funny and interesting , but it features Dong the music salesman . Dong adds an entire hilarious dimension to this film . You could watch another movie , but they are terrible ...
 It is hard to believe this is the 1st time these three -LRB- Elfman , Norton , and Stiller -RRB- have been together in a film . The chemistry was excellent . The storyline about three friends reunited-along with a good soundtrack make for a touching movie . Have a first date tonight ? This romantic comedy is the perfect movie to break the ice . The smiles they put on are contagious and you will find yourself and your date smiling and laughing at the same parts . Overall , this is a very clever and entertaining movie . Must be bought .
 I am impressed with the ability to order and download a movie to my laptop . This is something I will do again and again . Technology is great !
 Thanks this was for a birthday present so was just what I was looking for !
 received in new condition in timely manner as promised - I would buy from this vendor again .
 Edward Norton 's performance may not be the bright spot in this film , but it 's not bad . Jenna Elfman and Ben Stiller are very good . This is a nicely done story and it paints a fairly true to life picture . If the film is intended to be funny , it fails for the most part but it is nevertheless very engaging and entertaining . Be sure to check out the deleted scenes on the DVD .
 A charming light hearted look at love , religion , relationships and friendship . Definitely worth seeing if just for the `` nightmare date '' Stiller goes on .
 It was a great thing to see the film at Tokyo Film Festival and see the `` real '' Ed Norton , who came to the festival for promotion of the film ! After the screening , he participated in Q & A session , where audiences were free to ask him questions about the film.I found the film plot well designed and eleborated , and thought Ed Norton did a good job as a director . The film well presented the mojor theme -- the difficulties of love between man and woman with different religeous beliefs and of understanding and acceptance of different thoughts and practice of religeons.At the Q & A session at the film festival , many of my questions concerning the film became solved , but here is one more thing that I want to know
 This is an interesting movie of three nice and decent people whose settled inter-relationship in one stage of life is suddenly and unexpectedly threatened in another stage . Many of us are lucky enough to make lasting friendships in school ; sadly for one reason or another -LRB- relocation , different colleges , varying careers -RRB- , many of these friendships fade away.This is a story of two boys and a girl whose friendship as children was as good as it could get . Now years later , the boys are into religion
 This is one of those films that you just fall into . Like one of my other favorites , The Cutting Edge , the movie was modest at the box office but came out like gangbusters when it came out on video . That is how I discovered the film.I remember seeing the ads and cringing slightly , knowing there was going to be a romantic theme and Edward Norton played a Catholic priest . Norton and Ben Stiller as his best friend , a Jewish Rabbi , have great chemistry . Add Jenna Elfman as their favorite `` girl '' friend from childhood and you 've got yourself a romantic triangle.Of course , I knew how the movie was going to end up at the end , but I still enjoyed it . The DVD has deleted scenes and a blooper reel that is hilarious .
 Edward Norton burst on the scene by playing a psychopathic killer in 1996 's Primal Fear . His reputation was secured afterwards by his performances as a reformed neo-Nazi in American History X and as the nameless narrator in Fight Club . it is perhaps not so surprising that he chose to balance this tendency towards seriousness by choosing a romantic comedy for his first directorial job . The result is Keeping the Faith , an affable and charming movie whose main fault is its rather long running time . This is a weakness common among actors turned director . It was probably inevitable that Norton should also do this , as his best friend , Stuart Blumberg , wrote the script . More on that later.Brian Finn and Jake Scram -LSB- Norton and Ben Stiller -RSB- have been friends since childhood . Brian is an Irish Catholic lad , while Jake is a Jew . In the marvelous melting pot that is New York City , this is not at all an uncommon union . What turns out to be unusual is that Brain becomes a priest and Jake a rabbi . When they were kids , there was a third best pal , a girl named Anna Riley -LSB- Jenna Elfman -RSB- . She moved away in the eighth grade and eventually became but a memory . In the first part of the movie , Anna returns to New York and hooks up with her old buddies . She has become a beautiful and successful young woman . Jake and Brian are both smitten , and therein lies the crux of the comedy . Brian , of course , has his vow of chastity , which until Anna 's arrival seems to have not been a problem for him . As for Jake , his congregation assumes that this most eligible bachelor will choose a nice Jewish girl . There is a lot of pressure on Jake , who is barraged by mothers pushing their daughters on him . In one of the movie 's funniest scenes , Jake 's date with Ali Decker -LSB- Lisa Edelstein -RSB- turns into one that he will never forget . How will Brian and Jake resolve the Anna dilemma , which threatens both their friendship and their careers ? Is n't this a no win situation for all three?One of the movie 's big advantages is that Edward Norton and Stuart Blumberg really are an Irish kid and a Jewish one being best friends . They are New Yorkers and have lived together for several years . As a result , they were able to find New York locations rarely seen on film . This give the picture a fresh look and also makes the city look much more livable than it often does . The acting is first rate , as you would expect . Norton does have a flair for comedy , although he needs to work a bit on the physical aspects of it . Ben Stiller is one of the funniest men alive , and Jenna Elfman departs for once from her famous television persona . The running time of over two hours is excessive for this type of entertainment and slows the film down , but it does not ruin it by any means . It is simply something Norton should be aware of on his next project.Perhaps the best thing about Keeping the Faith is its innocence . Lately there have been a number of often good but quite cynical comedies . It is godd to see one where you can laugh at your fellow man and still feel great about the human race .
 `` Keeping the Faith '' is a wonderful movie , which can be enjoyed many times . Ben Stiller , Edward Norton , and Jenna Elfman are perfect together in this romantic comedy , directed by Norton.Friendship , love , spontaneity , spirituality and fun mix with religion , tradition , duty , and ritual . How Stiller , a rabbi , Norton , an Irish Catholic priest , and Elfman , an Irish Catholic gal struggle to balance these is a joy . The supporting cast is terrific also , especially Anne Bancroft as Stiller 's mom.It is brilliant how such serious issues can be dealt with in such a light hearted and comical way . The fine soundtrack also compliments the movie . One standout tune is `` Heart of Mine , '' sung by Peter Salett at the end of the film.Being set in Manhattan , the film has additional appeal to anyone who has ever lived there .
 This was not your typical romantic comedy by any stretch . A priest , a rabbi , and a business woman sounds like the beginning of a bad joke but it actually is the scenario for a wonderful film that explores faith , friendship , love , tradition , and conviction.The basic premise of the film are three friends
 When this movie came out , some expressed surprise at Edward Norton 's involvement . This , remember , was the same guy who had taken and would continue to take the most outrageous , most provocative , nastiest roles available in mainstream Hollywood , including split-personality sufferers , high-tech thieves , white supremacists , and sleazy drug dealers . And here he was portraying a Catholic priest of all things , and going so far as to produce and direct the thing to make sure he got the chance . Right.Then again , when you think about it , that was probably the most unexpected thing Edward Norton could do . He would enjoy that , I 'm sure . What 's more , consider this - hundreds of years ago it seemed that people were easily embarrassed by the fact that they had bodies , but today a lot of people seem equally embarrassed by the fact that they have souls . Religion and spirituality are like a raw nerve . If you 're Edward Norton and you want to keep people on their toes , what better subject could you tackle ? `` Keeping the Faith '' deals with three childhood friends from New York who meet up again in young adulthood . Norton has gone to seminary and become Father Brian , Ben Stiller has done the same and become Rabbi Jake , and Jenna Elfman as Anna Riley has returned from California as a high-powered corporate fixer who 's delighted at the chance to see her buddies again . It 's also noteworthy that the priest and the rabbi are both highly successful by the terms of their work , being the junior clergy at a couple of New York 's biggest houses of worship . And there 's a certain amount of slapstick - Father Brian setting himself on fire with the incense burner and Rabbi Jake fainting at a circumcision - but as our story begins they have settled well into their roles and increased attendance at the church and the synagogue by several orders of magnitude with their exciting modern approach to the old verities . They 've remained close friends , too.Actually , as our story begins , Father Brian staggers down the street as drunk as a lord , falling into trash heaps and looking to unburden himself . He finds a sympathetic bartender and talks to him about the early years with Jake and Anna , how she came back , and what drove him to drink . You should n't have much trouble guessing , but as always , it 's the way the story 's told that makes the movie worthwhile.In the meantime , one of the best things about this movie is the part that is not about the relationships between these three . Jake and Brian confer with their mentors -LRB- Eli Wallach and Milos Forman -RRB- , counsel the young people of their congregations , and make themselves useful and admirable outside of church or synagogue . You also see them during services and admire the ways they encourage participation rather than letting the congregants sit there and fall asleep . The story focuses more on Jake , so you get his dealings with the synagogue board , and there 's a terrific scene where he brings in some special guests to conclude the Sabbath service with a bang . And of course , Jake has one more issue to deal with that Brian does not - he 's got every parent in the synagogue setting him up with their various daughters . This is tough enough at the best of times and even more so with Anna Riley around . Thus we come to the engine that drives the plot.All of these performances are dead on , with particular gratitude to Ben Stiller . He comes from a background of comic satire , where things are exaggerated to the point of silliness . This role , thankfully , he takes seriously . His last speech to his congregation on the holiest day of the Jewish year is a model of understatement , with the critical background of passion . One false note and it could have ruined the whole movie . Instead , it becomes the moment everything revolves around , even the subsequent scenes where you find out how all the problems get resolved.Other standouts are the two older clergy , Elfman and Norton , Brian George as the somewhat confused multicultural bartender that Father Brian meets , and Ken Leung who steals his scenes trying to sell Brian and Jake a more expensive karaoke machine . Someone ought to make a whole movie about that guy . There 's also Anne Bancroft deliciously playing Rabbi Jake 's magnificent and occasionally embarrassing mother , who has a secret sorrow that kicks off Act 3 . If I 'm not mistaken , Ms. Bancroft converted to Judaism when she married Mel Brooks , but whether she did or not , she makes as convincing a Jewish mother as any Italian I 've ever seen.I could get picky about some errors in Jewish practice . In case you 're interested , here 's one ; Rabbi Jake coaches an adolescent , whose voice is changing , in his Bar Mitzvah chant , which is hilarious when delivered . I noticed his portion comes from the first chapter of Genesis . Jews read that portion in late September or early October , a few weeks after Yom Kippur . Then a few weeks later in movie time , by gum , it 's Yom Kippur . Whoops.Well , that 's what I get for having been to Hebrew school . Maybe this movie makes similar errors in Catholic practice , I do n't know . Either way , I 'll be damned if I 'm going to let such trivialities overshadow the first movie in God knows how long to take people 's spirituality seriously , however funny it is . And it 's very funny.And here 's one more fun detail - the plot of `` Keeping the Faith '' focuses mostly on the relationship between Rabbi Jake and Anna . In real life , Jenna Elfman stands a few inches taller than Ben Stiller , and these moviemakers did not try to hide this nor did they bother to mention it in the script . It 's simply a fact . That 's some sort of breakthrough in Hollywood , I think . Just one more reason to love this picture.Benshlomo says , God likes it when we laugh .
 This movie is funny and entertaining . It was fresh and fun , and well casted . I love Ben Stiller and Ed Norton . I think Ed Norton is better suited to a tough guy role because he was a little dorky in this , but he was n't too bad at the comedy thing . The reason I did n't give this 5 stars is because I hate the way American films portray Judiasm . If you are Jewish you 'll know what I mean . I loved the Kareokee sales guy . He was hillarious . Overall , if you do n't take this too seriously , it was a very good film .
 IF you like Ben Stiller but tend to think he goes over the top in most of his films , this may be a film for you . Even with such a cliched premise -LRB- so a priest and a rabbi are friends ... -RRB- , the characters came across as real people , so that I really got into the story . It 's funny but sweet ; it 's a nice movie to watch while cuddled up with a loved one .
 `` Keeping the Faith '' is one of the most stellar movies I have seen in a long time , tying together laughter , love and people of faith . The actors pull you into their childhood , and draws you into that piece of time in your own life.As one learns as they live longer , our lives may change logistically and personally , yet somehow , some relations will remain , when stemmed from childhood/neighborhood seasons . Irony of life is , this dynamic makes for strange relationships . You are guaranteed to laugh and be charmed in your heart as these actors so refresheningly bring people of different faiths into the common denominator of love and life .
 Ben Stiller , Jenna Elfman -LRB- hot -RRB- , and Edward Norton . Three wonderful actors and a great directorial debut for NORTON.This movie is about three friends , a Priest -LRB- norton -RRB- and a RABBI -LRB- STiLLER -RRB- who meet up when they 're adults with old friend -LRB- elfman -RRB- BOth find her very attractive , but Norton -LRB- priest -RRB- has to be celebit , while Stiller -LRB- rabbi -RRB- needs to find a wife . This is an emotional , yet VERY FUNNY story about two friends fighting over another for love and affection . It made me laugh , cry , and cheer!A crowd pleasing movie that is now one of my favorites of all time . Please see it !
 Much more of a Ben Stiller versus Edward Norton fan , I was pleasantly surprised by this light-hearted comedy that was not only an acting but directing vehicle for Norton . A drunken priest pours out his heart to a sympathetic barkeep -LRB- played by wonderful character actor Brian George of Babu Bat/Seinfeld fame -RRB- , recalling the series of events that brought him to this sorry state . The plotline is fairly simple - childhood friends Elfman , Stiller , and Norton form a fast bond , Elfman moves away , and the boys are a duo . Then their lives take a decidedly righteous turn when they both enter the church and temple as priest and rabbi . They set about reforming their neighborhood through their ministries , dubbed the `` god squad '' by those in the know . Before they realize it , years have gone by , and though Norton ca n't get married , there are no such restraints on a rabbi . Stiller is set up on a series of failed dates ; the women are inexplicably drawn to fawn over him in a disgusting manner . Then enter Jenna Elfman , the childhood friend who has grown into glorious womanhood . The trio renew ties , and both Stiller and Norton feel an attraction to her . I 'm sure you can guess what happens from here - boy priest denies attraction to girl , so girl goes for boy rabbi and secretly starts seeing him . Girl is a shiksa , which does n't bode well for boy rabbi because of his mother , played with usual aplomb by Anne Bancroft . Boy priest decides to throw away priesthood and declare love for girl , but she tells him she 's in love with boy rabbi . Boy priest punches boy rabbi 's lights out , and falls from proverbial wagon . This film is endearing on a very sappy level , if one is disposed to that type of film , which I am . It 's a consummate `` date '' movie . It moves along at a good clip , has a few good laughs , though the ending tends to get bogged down in working itself out . But all in all , an admirable effort for Norton .
 This is a beautiful , sensitive film that addresses issues both spritual and secular , and it manages to do it all with amazing humor ! It 's a movie you 'll want to watch again and again and share with friends and family .
 If you are looking for a cute , warm hearted movie this is it . I already own this movie . A friend borrowed it and watched it several times . She just loved the movie and could n't find a cope of it anywhere . So , Thanks Amazon for having such a large selection of movies.I purchased it for my friend and she was very excited to have a copy of her own .
 This is an excellent movie . It is one of the best romantic - comedy films . The chemistry between the three leads makes this a powerful story . Well written - a nice balance of drama and humor .
 I do n't care what the `` professional '' reviewer above says , this movie was wonderful . All of the stars were great and it was treat to see the beautiful Anne Bancroft again . The movie was great - funny , sweet and 100 % enjoyable . I ca n't wait to get my copy !
 Directorial Debut for actor : Edward Norton -LRB- Primal Fear , Fight Club -RRB- is impressive , he shows a great story telling , also he ` s the second star for the film . The plot : Two friends of differents regilions -LRB- Ben Stiller and Norton -RRB- are the best of friends , until a woman , they did n`t see for twenty years named Anna -LRB- Jenna Elfman in a charmimg performance -RRB- . The three are together since , they were kids , But Anna is in love with one of them . The two friends are also in love with her.DVD ` s has an fine amamorphic Widescreen -LRB- 1.85:1 -RRB- transer and an good Dolby Digital 5.1 Surround . An average commentary track by the director & screenwriter but the best extra is Deleted Scenes and Outtakes are about 40 Mins . Grade : B + .
 When a movie attempts to mix comedy and romance together usually it does not work . This movie is able to mix comedy and romance perfectly . I believe that Jenna Elman did an excellent job in this movie I have always been a fan of her show Dharma and Greg , and I hope that I see Jenna Elfman in more movies because she has some great talent . Ben Stiller what can you say another great comedy . In the last three years this man has been in such movies as There 's Something About Mary -LRB- I highly recommend you buy -RRB- , Mystery Men good comedy and Meet the Parents -LRB- Watch this movie in the theatres it is hillarious -RRB- . Every comedy this man does turns into gold . Also Edward Norton does a good job in this movie , I am not usually a big fan of his movies such as Fight Club , but I have to say Norton did a good job as the priest . Buy this movie this is a romantic comedy any man , woman , or child can enjoy !
 I loved this film . I loved the humour . I loved the poignancy . I loved the relationships . I loved the genuine and real atmosphere created and maintained throughout . I loved the emotional reality the characters portrayed . I loved the laughter . I loved the tears.I loved this film - in every single way.Definitely , definitely , DEFINITELY recommend this movie to anyone who enjoys comedy , to anyone who enjoys drama , to anyone who enjoys romance , to anyone who enjoys in-depth characterization , to anyone who enjoys a good escapist flick.Loved , loved , loved this movie . ; - -RRB-
 This is definitely one of the funnist movies I have seen in a while . Incredibly well written and great acting - you 've got to check it out !
 Very funny , entertaining , and original . Although the film does drag on a bit towards the end , it 's more than made up for by the great acting , original screenplay , and the many plot twists . `` Keeping the Faith '' breaks almost all of those romantic comedy cliches you 're tired of . I guarantee that you will like this film even if you do n't normally like romantic comedies .
 Stiller , Elfman , and Norton star in a comic tale of a love triangle between 3 best friends , a rabbi , priest , and their shared childhood sweetheart . Co-starring Ann Bancroft as Stiller 's mother , the movie is filled with great one liners and humorous twists , jesting at both Catholicism and Judaism without ever being insulting or derogatory .
 Keeping the faith is the story of 3 childhood friends.At the age of 11 Anna leaves the city , her friends Jake and Brian , and moves to another city ... Eventually , Jack becomes a rabbi and Brian becomes a priest and they remain best friends.Many years later , they find out that Anna is coming back to New York.And this is the beginning of a very funny and romantic movie.You should not expect a pure comedy out of this one , like `` There 's something about Mary '' or `` Meet the parents '' , otherwise you may be a bit disappointed.There are numerous funny parts , but it has also very clever and important messages about the faith in god , religions and people 's understanding of religions.All three actors have good performances in the movie but I especially liked Jenna Elfman.I should also add that while Edward Norton is one of the best actors alive today , I have certain doubts about his directing ability.He is not a great storyteller , and this reflects on the unnecessary length of the movie.On the DVD , I recommend you to watch the deleted scenes because they are very important in my opinion , and should have stayed in the final version . -LRB- though it is understandable why they did n't . . The movie would be longer than Gladiator -RRB- . It is a nice movie with an interesting storyline that I think everybody can like . . `` Trust me , you have not heard this one '' .
 This is a pleasant , good movie that you will enjoy but it is hardly a knockout . Both Norton and Stiller have done better movies but they are both likable and funny in this romantic comedy triangle over their childhood girl friend . I 've never seen Jenna Elfman before and she 's cute as the romantic interest for both men , who just happen to be the hippest religious leaders in town . Norton is a priest and Stiller is a rabbi and they 've been friends since childhood . This may have been funnier if Norton has been an Episcopalian or a Unitarian , giving him the opportunity to push his character further romantically . Norton 's being a Catholic priest instead puts some real restraints on the role . Norton did a good directing job . Probably because he spent most of his time directing , his acting job needs only about ten percent of his talent in this light piece . I prefer him as an actor in films like the much weightier `` Fight Club . '' This is a perfect vehicle for Stiller though and he probably has a long career ahead in playing romantic comedy leads similar to this one .
 Edward norton and ben stiller play 2 jenna elfman lovers . Brian -LSB- norton -RSB- and jake -LSB- stiller -RSB- , have known a girl now a woman for as long as they can remember . They have both been good friends to her since childhood , and she falls in love with brian . He as been going out with her for a while now , and she soon falls in love with jake . She starts going bed with jake still brian dose n't know , and he carries on as normal . In the end , it all comes out . Jake dumps her because they are different religions and the best thing for him is to leave her even though he still fancies her . Brian makes friends with jake and jake and anna are back together he caught her in time when she was about to leave town for good . They are all bestest mates even though she is jakes girlfriend still . SEEN IT OVER AND OVER AGAIN AND NEVER BORED OF IT STILL .
 I will say that I loved this movie . Keeping the faith was fresh and funny , however I do n't think I would have loved it half as much if I had n't gotten the DVD version with the opportunity to see the deleted scenes . I think that in some DVD 's the scenes that you get are kind of a let down , but sometimes there are some scenes where you just ask yourself , why did n't they leave it in ! The deleted scenes that you will find in keeping the faith are just that , scenes that are hilarious -LRB- most of them -RRB- and the scene with the cell phone is a pay off for something that was set up in the middle of the movie and then never followed through on with the release version of the film . If you watch this movie for the first time , get it on DVD and watch the deleted scenes , -LRB- but wait until you have already watched the whole film , it 's even funnier when you know the setups for the scenes -RRB- You 'll laugh until you have to wet nap the appolstery at Jenna Elfmann 's facial expressions in the cell phone scene .
 Edward Norton , Ben Stiller and Jenna Elfman all turn in fantastic performances in this bubblegum love triangle story . This movie is just really fun and cute . Both Ben and Edward are hilarious in this . Pick up your copy today .
 If you look carefully enough at the trailer of every movie , you can pretty much tell whether or not it 's a rental . I did in fact take my girlfriend at the time to see this movie , and it succeeded as both a date movie , and a trite little tale about religion in the 90 's . In the latter case , the film probably works a lot better -- I agree with most of the reviewers about the pairing of the Ben Stiller -LRB- Jake -RRB- and Jenna Elfman -LRB- Dhar ... I mean , Anna -RRB- ; that there 's not much onscreen chemistry between them . Elfman is the real problem -- her jump from TV to the big screen just is n't convincing.That being said , there are a number of great one-liners , mostly relating to modern-day religion , and the strength of the film 's first half is JUST enough to forgive the weakness of the second half . Anybody in this day and age who 's had problems with his/her faith would enjoy this film for what it is . A simple , light-hearted comedy with its heart in the right place.Besides , my mum loved it .
 What can you say about Edward Norton ? Acquiring quite the cult following many people are seeking out all of his films just to watch his performance , and I am one of them . Here he acts in , directs and co-produces a movie of a kind that he 's never been in before
 I really enjoyed this movie and all three characters in it . . Edward Norton does a wonderful job of first time directing and telling the story . The little girl who plays Anna was superb ! My husband and I watch this movie together and it 's not too sappy and romantic for him , because it 's also a great comedy . He 's a big Ben Stiller fan ! Enjoy !!
 A wonderful movie about three friends who were best buds in Jr. . High only to have one of them move away . Then to reappear when they are all in their adult years . I will not go into much detail over the movie , since you can read it as listed above , what I will state however was that I thouroughly enjoyed this movie . The casting was excellent , Ben Stiller was a riot , and was not to over the top in this movie . Jenna Elfman was lovable as ever , and Edward Norton rounded at the cast brilliantly . The DVD version of the movie was great with the extra 's provided . I think this where the movie really shines . Some of the deleted scene 's were such a riot , I could not believe they left them out of the movie -LRB- Cell phone scene ! -RRB- 5 stars to extras , I have yet to watch the commentary due to lack of time . The sound and picture quality were what to be expected on DVD . In all a worthy DVD to purchase if you like a romantic comedy . I would have purchased this movie , just for the deleted scenes , but the movie itself was so good too . I highly recommend .
 This was a wonderful movie , if not a tad too long . Funny , thoughtful , and at times , damn-near heartwarming . Ed Norton has always been a stellar actor , but never so warmly appealing before as he is as Father Brian Finn , an Irish Catholic Priest in Manhattan . This is also Norton 's directorial debut . A good start for a great star ! His best friend in the movie is Ben Stiller 's character -LRB- played with humor and an affective broodiness -RRB- Rabbit Jacob Schrahmn . The 2 were childhood buddies who remained strong friends into adulthood , both pursuing careers related to their religions
 There have been so many romantic comedies produced that it is difficult for a film to break out due to the depth and breadth of the competition . This is one that does . This wonderfully funny romantic comedy takes a fresh approach , portraying a romance involving not one , but two men of the cloth . They are not even of the same cloth as one is a Catholic priest and the other a Jewish rabbi . The girl of their dreams is also the girl of their youth as the three were best friends in grammar school . Now , after many years of separation , Anna -LRB- Jenna Elfman -RRB- returns and both men fall immediately and madly in love with her.The film is chock full of religious humor and sharp-witted dialogue that keeps you grinning between guffaws . The romance is syrupy sweet and the actors have such great chemistry that it is easy to believe they have been friends all their lives . Edward Norton produced , directed and starred in this gem and he shows himself to be adept at spinning a magical yarn with very few flaws . This was Norton 's first directorial effort and it bodes well for his future on the other side of the lens . His work with the actors was marvelous , and his pacing of the film was excellent . The film flowed very pleasantly from scene to scene and kept the viewer amused and immersed . If there is any criticism of the film it is its length . It dwells a bit too long on the schmaltzy romance and takes to long to wrap it up at the end . These are minor issues in an otherwise enchanting film.The entire cast is terrific . Norton plays Father Brian Finn and is funny and affable in the role . Rabbi Jacob Schram is played by Ben Stiller , whose comedic star is on the rise . In this film , he outdoes his wonderful performance in `` There 's Something About Mary '' with a character that is just as amusing but more complete , with greater range . Anne Bancroft is also fantastic as the rabbi 's mother . She has the New York Jewish mother routine down pat , right down to the accent . A dynamite performance.The real news in this film though , is Jenna Elfman . She lights up the screen with her enthusiasm and her charming girl-next-door beauty . She is dynamic , hilarious , sensitive , sexy and lovable and pretty much steals the show . After her terrific performance in `` Edtv , she proves once again that she is a talented actor and comedian . One can only hope that the popularity of this film gives her access to more and better parts.This fabulous romantic comedy is highly entertaining and enchanting . I rated it a 9/10 . It is especially funny if you happen to be Catholic or Jewish . I highly recommend it .
 one of the best `` date '' movies in recent years . elfman is good in her role as corporate superstar . stiller is very credible as the rabbi juggling religion and issues of dating and marriage within the faith.edward norton really hits it out of the park portraying the priest who loses his heart but not his vocation to elfman . the characters have believable personalities that mesh well , and the fine touch of norton 's directorial debut is obvious.this is one movie you will enjoy seeing several times , we certainly did .
 i do n't usually go for chick flicks , so i bumbled into this one and i have to say it 's one of the best romantic comedies i 've ever seen in my life . what gives ? ` keeping the faith ' had me howling with laughter . i liked this one even better than that wedding movie with hugh grant . absolutely slamming dialog is what kept this one so very good . this movie was as close to perfect as i can imagine something in this genre gets , i was completely sucked in.it is making me wonder if perhaps this is a type of film that i can actually look forward to enjoying on a regular basis . it had a complete lack of irony that i found very refreshing . it was * real * , which is probably the highest complement i could pay a romantic comedy . the relationship between the two male stars is very true to life - even though movie dialog makes people say in one sentence what it usually takes ten minutes for real guys to say - this was completely believable.much of the authenticity streams , i imagine , from a level of jewish cultural exposition previously unseen on the big screen . not even my old bud michael benben got quite this deep . the shiksa question is always played for a joke in film , and even though this was lightly done , the weight of stiller 's decision worked very well.of all stiller 's work -LRB- not that i have been a study -RRB- this one makes him shine without the complicated pretense with which i had previously associated him and that short babe , garafolo .
 Great movie , one you can watch again and again . Boyfriend loved it too . It 's a feel good movie about people finding themselves .
 wHAT A DELIGHTFUL , UPLIFTING MOVIE EXPERIENCE ... whether one believe in religion or not , , , , , this is a must see and own for future viewing ... quite funny , down to earth movie .
 i have loved this movie for a long time , it is filled with friendship & love & respect for the differences between jewish people & gentiles.it is very well written .
 One of my favorite all time movies . Ben Stiller , Jenna Elfman and Edward Norton are at their best in this romantic comedy .
 I have probably seen this movie 10 times or more over the years . I enjoy it as much now as I did when I saw it in the theater so many year ago .
 I really enjoyed this movie . The interfaith friendship between christian and jewish is a message of love anyway and the romance just tops it off - keep the faith in love . Love just goes beyond all the boundaries and what the mind can not control - it is simple and to the heart . Wonderful and fun too .
 Sweet , lovable , gracious ... The opening song is incredible and has so much ` New York city ' in its touching melody . Ben Stiller 's everlasting charisma brings him another eclat , Ed Norton 's elegance and correctness are gripping as always , and Jenna Elfman 's sensational reentry is strong and well-done . Never get bored rewatching this 2000 's movie . Love it !
 This modern day comedy set against two men and their religious vocations pokes fun at a lot of things while staying up beat . It 's a film I admit to enjoying every time I see it on cable - both Norton and Stiller do a good job and make it a light fun filled -LRB- though predictable -RRB- story .
 This has always been one of my favorite movies . It is one of my favorite roles for all of the actors , especially Edward Norton , but they all did beautifully . It was refreshing to see Ben Stiller in a more serious , yet still comedic movie .
 Love this film , it ` s one of the very best love stories I ` ve ever seen and that nobody has ever seemed to ` ve heard of . Ben Stiller looks great and shows just how strong his acting chops really can be . -LRB- For better examples of his ability watch Greenberg or Zero Effect . -RRB- Jenna Elfman was funny and also shows a serious side as well , she proves she is sooooo much more than just Darma -LRB- Darma & Greg -RRB- . Edward Norton was n`t bad , he ` s a better director than actor in my openion . But anyway I really like his choices for the cameras etc. . The music in the film is enjoyible , humorious and different from just about every love story that you will ever see .
 LUCKY LUCIANO
 This is a good biopic of Luciano , although it could have been longer.The film gives a good sense of his personality , the circumstances shaping his motivation , and some of the key turning points in his career . Interesting . .
 Though the other reviews were a bit `` harsh '' , I enjoyed watching this dvd . The scenery is beautiful & the info , useful .
 It 's Jackie Chan ! How can you go wrong for a couple hours of fun and intrigue ! Do n't foget to add &#34; The Accidental Spy &#34; to your collection as well !
 Jackie Chan does it again , such a good movie . Comedy , action , martial arts , and Nazi gold . This is a winning combo if II have seen one .
 one of Jackie Chan 's best . He teams up with some very funny female characters . The bloopers at the end of the movie are one of the best parts
 Best line in the movie , if you have seen it , you should know what im talking about . Best dubbed voice evar .
 THIS MOVIE WILL HAVE YOU LAUGHING THE ENTIRE TIME . JACKIE CHAN IS GREAT AT WHAT HE DOES . THE TWO WOMEN WHO PLAYED IN THIS MOVIE ALSO ARE VERY FUNNY . THIS MOVIE HAS IT 'S SERIOUS MOMENTS BUT THERE INCORPORATED WITH COMEDY AS WELL . THIS MOVIE WAS DONE WELL AND IT 'S ONE OF JACKIE CHANS BETTER MOVIES THAT I CAN REMEMBER AND I WILL NEVER TIRE OF IT !
 This may be my favorite Jackie Chan movie so far . It has great stunts , exciting chases and fights , and lots of humor . This and the prequel would be must haves .
 Jackie is a talented special agent who is used for dangerous undercover work . The government employs him to try and find some gold that the Nazis allegedly left in Northern Africa 40 years ago . He soon discovers that he is not the only one searching for the gold ; there are people willing to kill to get their hands on it . `` Operation Condor '' is a very funny Jackie Chan movie . This movie has all the Jackie Chan charm.Great fight scenes , stunts and action but also lots of slapstick comedy to keep you happy . `` Operation Condor '' is a funny and great movie , and I recommend it .
 Jackie chan is talented , i love watching him fight in this movie ! Its very entertaining and fun ... i recommend .
 I watched this movie as a child , loved it , and today it stands as one of Chan 's finest . I love Chinese humor , it 's really hilarious ! Jackie is full of portraying a humorous , yet serious role . He is a great lead role here , with two or three excellent sidekicks . Embarking on hunt for treasure was never this fun !
 Jackie Chan 's hugely enjoyable romp Operation Condor - Armour of God 2 sees him on the trail of Nazi gold in the desert in a plot that 's no more than an excuse for several spectacular stunts - and this contains some of Chan 's most impressive stuntwork . His most expensive HK picture , it 's also one of his most enjoyable in its uncut version , but sadly this Miramax/Dimension version has typically cut 14 minutes from the Hong Kong version -LRB- the US theatrical version actually cut 26 minutes ! -RRB- . It ai n't art , but it is fun , and some of the stunts in the massive underground set have to be seen to be disbelieved.Unfortunately , this a disappointing DVD all round . It 's not just that UK label Hong Kong Legends ' excellent Hong Kong DVDs have raised the bar in terms of extras and picture quality , this Dimension release is the dubbed and heavily edited US cut . The UK PAL release is uncut , but sadly dubbed and not the best of transfers . A budget title in every sense of the word , you 're much better off sticking to the Hong Kong releases .
 This movie is on my list of BEST ACTION COMEDIES of ALL TIMES . The fighting scenes are excellent . It also has a lot of humour . It makes me laugh again and again.If you want to enjoy it , please suspens your logic while watching it.I own it .
 I think it is unfair for the anti-dubbing purists to give this dvd a low ratings simply because it is a dubbed version . If you do n't like dubbing , nobody is forcing you to buy this . IMHO , there is good dubbing and bad dubbing , and the dubbing on this movie is actually quite good.Unfortunately , this dvd does n't have any special features . However , it is a nice true widescreen presentation.The movie has lots of humor , action , great stunts , fantastic fights , pretty girls , interesting locations . It also has one of the best chase scenes I 've ever seen.This is supposed to be a sequel to Armour of God , but it stands on it 's own , and I 'd have to say I thought it was the better of the two . One I 'll definitely enjoy watching again .
 James bond with more martial arts and comedy .
 This is a confusing situation . now `` Operation Condor '' is also known as `` Armour Of God 2
 Ok , i used to own the U.S version of O.C when i was on holiday in U.S.A but i could n't stand the dvd . There is a completely new soundtrack featuring modern music -LRB- which does n't sute the film -RRB- and during an excellent acrbatic end fight , having funky music -LRB- like U.S version of Black mask -RRB- in an end fight is crazy , makes me mad , hk fights should not hav music , except maybe the very modern films that do n't need sound affects but O.C needs to hav the sound affects to make the fights more realistic , that is waht this dvd is lacking of . But this film is a cracker , about 5 fights mybe more with an unbaliveble end fight , great film , poor dvd .
 Chan goes all out with mind blowing stunts and tons of action and fight sequences . This is a true gem in the Chan mans collection . The best of the bunch is , well , all of the scenes can stand on their own . Of course if the scene in the Nazi war room fighting a dozen mercenaries doesnt do it for you , nothing will . Jackie also shows off some cool gadgets along the way and this movie is regarded as the most expensive to make of all his films.I highly recomend this film !
 This was both the first Jackie Chan I saw , and owned for the VHS , and as such , this is one of my all time favorite Jackie Chan films . It 's a simple story about Chan and two very hot women -LRB- later on , a third one joins ! -RRB- who are sent to Africa to find an old Nazi gold base and get the gold out before the European nations begin to quarrel over it . What they are not told -LRB- but Chan finds out really quickly -RRB- is that there are a few other small factions of criminals after it also.The movie opens with a great Indiana Jones parody , which is more than enough to get you used to Jackie Chan 's character . The other characters are either comic support , or stuntmen in which a few can act well enough to say a few lines before they get beaten up in some of Jackie 's coolest action ever.This movie quite possibly contains more action than any other Chan movie , as every scene is either a fight scene or a setup for one . It is high charged , whitty and fast ; hey , it was written , directed and co-produced by Jackie Chan himself ! Now with the DVD version , you can see more via widescreen , and the added detail really adds to both the picture and intensity , for there were badguys standing next to Jackie when he was beating up one of their mates that you ca n't see on the VHS version . If you want cool , fast or funny action , get this movie ; hell , it 's all three ! Trust me , it 's great .
 This is Jackie Chan 's best movie . Awesome fight scenes . Most seem very realistic . The usual awesome Jackie Chan stunt scenes . This is Chan 's version of James Bond . Also one of Chan 's funniest . Any Chan fan will like it.As a government agent , Chan is sent out with a female desert guide to search for the tons of lost gold in a buried WW2 Nazi base in North Africa . Along the way , Chan picks up another female accomplice , the German granddaughter of a former base officer.Several other governments are also aware of the gold , but do n't know its location . They either fight Chan or try to follow him to the gold . Good , believable story . Great scenery .
 I still get a kick out of all of Chan 's films , the comedy and action work perfectly . One quibble here
 great chan flick which the action never stops ! im not kidding on this one . this is the last film jackie has directed and starred in for a while , highly recommended and worth the money . makes my top 10 list of chan flicks
 Operation condor is the best . It 's really funny . The people in my house crack up every time we see it . I think the best part is when the hotel manager almost has the hotel cave in and he says `` AAAHHH Good sleep '' . That one lady with the machine gun is crazy too . The movie is the best movie Jackie -LRB- The director -RRB- ever made .
 This movie was much better then Armor of the Gods . It was filled with mad action from start to finish . The wind tunnel and whole warehouse action scene is some of the best fight scenes he has ever done .
 This film is n't as good as its previous one but it 's still good ! I am sorry but i ca n't tell you the plot because I 'll give everything away ! Highlight
 This is one of my top 5 Chan films -- it absolutley hilarious , the stunts are incredible as always , and Chan is the greatest physical perfomer on the screen . It 's the little touches that just boggle my mind , like his spin-hop over a gate early in the film . I took years of martial arts , and I could never do what Chan does , even ignoring his expression , timing , and energy.Oh yeah , and there 's three really cute girls in it .
 This IS A GREAT FILM . THE FIGHT BETWEEN JACKIE AND THE FOUR BLACK WOMEN IS WONDERFUL . THIS FILM IS ONE YOU SHOULD BUY !
 This is much better than the first armour of god . he has not got his funny partner any more but this is too good funny comedy great action one of his best on golden harvest
 How could they ?! - This American re-relase -LRB- complete with snazzy titles -RRB- has been cut to ribbons in a vain attempt to keep it serious ! How dare they !! slapstick humour IS jackie chan . Whole scenes are actually removed from the film in order to appeal to po-faced Steven segal fans ! Having seen the original version on TV , i rushed out to buy it , then being disappointed by the edited version . Its ironic that the humour is censored , rather than the violence.Still , despite these drawbacks , Its one of Jackie 's finest . Big budget -LRB- without ruining it like rush hour 2 ! -RRB- , very funny , and highly original - the fight in the wind tunnel is both spectacular and hilarious at the same time ! . Its a bit of a downer that its been edited to tone down the humour , but its still a superb Chan flick .
 I bought this DVD knowing it would be cut like most US films of Jackie 's . The reason I bought it is because Jackie dubs his own voice - I just love his voice , whether he is speaking Cantonese , Mandarin or English ! It just adds so much more to the enjoyment of his movies I feel . And there are cut scenes - the most obvious a very funny scene in the desert with Jackie trying to give his female off-siders water without their bumbling Arab captors knowing ! Notwithstanding all this , this film is one of Jackie 's best with amazing stunts and the fight scene in the wind tunnel has to be seen to be believed . A must see , whether it is this version or the original uncut Cantonese with English S/T .
 Jackie Chan plays the adventurer code named Condor . In this movie he joins with three ladies to find the gold that is hidden in a base underground . This movie was a great martial arts-action/comedy . I keep laughing during his outtakes except when he bites the dust -LRB- well sand actually -RRB- . There is one scene in the outtakes when Jackie is hanging upside down on a metal chain . In the movie the chain was supposed to get stuck but in the outtakes the chain somehow slides free causing Jackie to fall straight on his face against a huge mountain of sand and rock . People had to rush him out and wipe all the powdery sand off of his face . That is two major incidents in two Operation Condor films . Hope you enjoy this comedy . I sure enjoyed it and so will you .
 This dvd is worth the money ! I 'm Italian and there are a few Jackie 's movies translated into my language , luckily there are the english versions ... but I also like to watch them in chinese with eng subtitles ... This is a really good movie , with a bit of Indiana Jones , a bit of James Bond and Jackie 's funny humor . The background is also interesting and whimsical
 One of the better Jackie Chan movies of the 90s . As usual , the cheesiness and humor are nearly excruciating , although often amusing , and the hand-to-hand sequences are plentiful , inventive , and energetic . The `` big stunt '' climax in this one is a fight in a giant wind tunnel , and it 's far more entertaining than some of the `` big stunt '' finales of films like Rumble in the Bronx , Supercop , and First Strike .
 This movie is a very intentional Indianna Jones parody , and I think it 's very funny . But it does contain some nudity and sexual innuendo , which is unusual for a Jackie Chan movie . It 's also better than its `` prequel '' Operation Condor part 2 -LRB- I gave that movie 5 stars , but in retrospect I think I would only give it 4 -RRB- . By the way , anyone who enjoys Jackie Chan should go to their local library and check out some Buster Keaton movies . I recommend `` Sherlock Jr. '' which Buster broke his neck making , and `` Our Hospitality '' which he very nearly drowned making , among others . Buster 's stuntwork and athleticism remain unsurpassed , even by Jackie Chan ! `` The General '' is also excellent .
 WHY DOES AMERICA KEEP CHANGING THE TITLES OF CHAN MOVIES ? this film is supposed to be called Operation Condor : Armour of god 2 . This film is pretty good , though perhaps in an effort to get into Hollywood , Chan has used one to many special effects and he is dwarfed somewhat.This film is also cheesier than usual , amazing fights but . NOT AS GOOD AS THE ORIGINAL ; armour of god .
 Jackie has done it again . If you are a big JC fan , or many just a hongkong fan , this film is absolutly worth your while . MIND YOU ! This is actually the second film of the 2 Operation condor films . The one that the american market claims to be OC2 was made back in 1986 , whereas this one is from the nineties . Dont make the same mistake as I did , and buy the wrong one .
 Jackie has done it again . If you are a big JC fan , or many just a hongkong fan , this film is absolutly worth your while . MIND YOU ! This is actually the second film of the 2 Operation condor films . The one that the american market claims to be OC2 was made back in 1986 , whereas this one is from the nineties . Dont make the same mistake as I did , and buy the wrong one .
 This is an awesome movie with lots of action and lots of laughs ! Jackie fans will not be disappointed with this one as there is more than enough of the fun Chan Fans have come to expect from Jackie 's movies ! Definite thumbs up !
 This is classic Jackie Chan , and it 's better than many of the others for one reason
 I love to watch Jackie Chan in action , the only reason this DVD did n't get full 5 stars is , as I prefer to watch the movies in Chinese with English sub titles , better sound . Apart from that Top Film .
 How many times have you gone to see a movie because the comercial clips made it out to be action packed ? How many times have you walked away feeling grave disappointment ? Well , that will never happen with a Jackie Chan movie -LRB- any movie dated 1980-present -RRB- . If it 's action you want . It 's action you 'll get ! He is truely a Master . Segal and Van-Damme pale in comparison to Jackie Chan . Once you 've seen Jackie you 'll never go back !
 Alongside his greatest achievements , including the Police Story series , First Strike , Rumble in the Bronx , Mr. Nice Guy , and Rush Hour , this movie is absolutely exciting and action-packed . This is one of the best combinations of comedy , martial arts , and action to hit video . Operation Condor is one you should n't be without .
 I just saw this video while celebrating Hitchcock 's 100th birthday with my own `` marathon '' viewing of his work here at home . This movie started out one way -LRB- predictably -RRB- , but it turned out to be very intriguing as it progressed ; especially with the quasi-Titanic scene -LRB- s -RRB- ! Now I need to pass it on to those friends who really DO think money buys happiness and contentment ! Mary in Northville
 I think I 'm used to seeing Hitchcock suspense movies , not love ones . This one was still nice , but I do wish it had a different air to it . The only action is at the ending , where they must escape a sinking ship.Well , event though it 's a love story , I 'll review it . Barry and Kendall make this movie very funny , the way they go around dancing and `` playing '' to music . Mixed with some wondeful characters , this is one Hitchcockian movie no one should miss .
 This movie , apparantly loosely based on Hitchcock 's marriage , was a real treat . I enjoyed it from start to finish.Joan Barry is particularly lovely , and you may wonder why she puts up with her husband 's rather shabby treatment of her.The story does n't end happily , in fact we are back where we started , having learned nothing !
 When Alfred Hithcock makes a movie , you know that it will be good . He has a knack for putting ordinary people in deadly situations . This film is no different . Meet a couple on a vacation they may end up taking the ultimate relaxing sleep - in a coffin . Rich and Strange . A film that will chill you to the bone with it 's spectacular acting .
 My Mother-In-Law starred as the Princess in this movie , Betty Amann . She was a wonderful actress and a loving and caring woman .
 SALAAM NAMASTE tells the romance of Nick and Ambar , two young , independent Indians living abroad in Melbourne , Australia . And it does n't start out well for them . Nikhil `` Nick '' Arora -LRB- Saif Ali Khan -RRB- is an architect and also the head chef at the restaurant Nick of Time . Ambar Malhotra -LRB- Preity Zinta -RRB- is a medical student and , to help pay her bills , she also moonlights as a radio jockey at Melbourne 's local Indian radio station , Salaam Namaste -LRB- 101.5 FM -RRB- . Nick is a chronic oversleeper and wakes up one day very late for his radio interview with Ambar . Ambar is furious and begins to put down Nick and his restaurant on air . This leads to a heated , insult-heavy phone conversation which is broadcasted on Salaam Namaste.Later that day , at a wedding , Nick and Ambar meet in person for the very first time , but she does n't know that he 's that `` Nick '' and he , that she 's that `` Ambar . '' They find out soon enough , but the spark 's been lit . However , they are n't sure if this spark is truly love and they want a chance to get to know each other , so , what do they do ? Naturally , they end up living together.Their cohabitation gives rise to revelations about each other . Ambar , it turns out , loves pizza , does n't want to marry , yet loves children . Nick is a neat freak and is afraid of hospitals , doctors , and the sight of blood . And he does n't like kids , dismissing them as `` irritating bloody creatures . '' So imagine his reaction when Ambar gets pregnant.This is a fun , fun romantic comedy , packed with many genuine laughs . The film follows the Bollywood formula of being breezy and slapsticky in the first half , and more somber and melodramatic after intermission , replete with many shouting matches between Nick and Ambar . But then this film does a nutty thing as it reverts back to madcap comedy in its climactic scenes . Admittedly , the final 15 minutes are a bit off putting and bizarre as we are introduced to the wacky and absent-minded obstetrician , in the form of a pratfalling , bespectacled Abhishek Bachchan . It 's better to just go with the flow . It certainly was n't enough to ruin this movie for me.I 've only seen Preity Zinta inKoi ... Mil GayaandKrrish -LRB- where she has a cameo -RRB- , but she charmed me enough that , immediately after , I purchased a number of her films . I like Preity even more in SALAAM NAMASTE as her vivacious personality really has a chance to come out . She 's in perfect sync with leading man and good buddy in real life , Saif Ali Khan . In fact , both leads are simply perfect as they show off their great comic timing ; their playful exchanges are very much a treat to watch . Saif himself seems like a pretty cool and funny cat . Of course , their steamy scenes together heat up their chemistry even more . And I kind of enjoyed Jaaved Jaffrey 's odd performance as the Indian landlord who walks around in a Crocodile Dundee outfit and tends to mangle proverbs -LRB- `` Home the sweet 's home '' & `` When in the Rome , do the Romans '' -RRB- . SALAAM NAMASTE is pretty edgy for Bollywood . It steps out of the normal Bollywood boundaries in that it incorporates kissing and actually shows the two leads in bed . Not to mention , there 's the storyline of an unmarried couple sharing a house . This film would have had a hard time selling its premise if the story had taken place in India , with disapproving and very traditional minded Indians all over the place . The director , thinking ahead , set the film entirely in Melbourne , Australia , where the folks are drastically more liberal minded . Thus , as a bonus , we 're also treated to a multitude of scenic Australian locales.This film may have `` modern values '' written all over it , yet by the film 's end , it 's all about the power of love , family and tradition , which should make everyone happy . However , SALAAM NAMASTE does stand fast in its non-inclusion of parental figures , which I think is darn refreshing in the Bollywood universe . Did I already mention how great and funny Preity and Saif are in their roles ? And their exquisite chemistry together ? What about the songs ? Well , there are only four of them and they 're okay . I do like `` What 's Goin ' On ? '' , where an 8-month-pregnant Ambar moonwalks . Another fun bit is the closing credits , for which I suggest you stick around as they come with pretty funny outtakes.What I have with me is the 2-disc dvd set of SALAAM NAMASTE and I 'm glad to have it . Disc 1 has the film presentation . But do n't ignore Disc 2 , which features `` First Impressions '' - reactions of several Bollywood celebrities to the film ; 12 minutes , 30 seconds worth of outtakes expanded from the closing credits bloopers ; the `` Making Of '' segment -LRB- 21 minutes , 34 seconds -RRB- , which consists of Preity and Saif drinking from their coffee mugs and talking relationship and , oh yeah , about the making of the film -LRB- and their conversation is mostly in English -RRB- ; 6 minutes of deleted scenes ; and the awesome theatrical trailer which has Saif and Preity once again showcasing their easy chemistry as they promote the film -LRB- Saif
 This film is so good , and it came so close to greatness!The story is developed beautifully , showing how Nick -LRB- Saif -RRB- and Ambar -LRB- Preity -RRB- almost fall in love , almost learn to hate each other , then realize what they have nearly lost . The film is beautifully photographed , the music is first-class and the acting is wonderful.So , why only four stars ? Someone decided that there should be some `` comedy '' in the film . I thought the silly , idiot-in-authority role was starting to disappear from the best Hindi films , but here we get not one but three -LRB- radio station manager , landlord and doctor -RRB- . And the last one makes his appearance just at the time when the plot should be winding up and everyone in the theater should be wiping tears of joy from their cheeks.We did not laugh at this , but rather got angry because we had been deceived . The climactic scene was so carefully prepared and the audience so ready , and then in comes this idiot with his slapstick routine and undoes everything the film had worked so hard to accomplish.If the writer and director had resisted this temptation , or at least left it out of the final scenes , I would have called this a truly great film . As it is , it 's a good film ruined by a very bad judgement about the end .
 This is n't the best Bollywood I 've seen . Both lead actors do well as they usually do - though a little less ` cute ' from Preity would have improved this more.It is an often serious attempt to look at issues of commitment in a way you do n't usually see in Bollywood . There is living together , the shadow of an abortion question etc - even some ` almost bedroom scenes ' when the protagonists are n't married . There are the usual unlikely Bollywood elements that I 'm happy to live with . I agree with other reviewers who felt the comedy could have been omitted . There is an uncomfortable discordancy in the 2 comic foci - a ` Crocodile Dundee wanna-be Indian ' and Abhishek in a cameo role playing over the top slapstick -LRB- which he does well but this was n't the movie to do it in -RRB- . The music was n't that memorable nor the minimal dance scenes . This is more a movie focused on the leads and their dilemmas and their solid acting saves it from mediocrity.I live in Melbourne , where it was filmed . and appreciate the cinematography that bought a lot of beauty out of the city and its nearby coast and forecasts.This movie did n't quite hit the high spots for me but they did a reasonable job short of that .
 This is a fun movie ! The cast is superb ! It shows Melbourne beautifully with it 's special fun-loving , relaxed culture . The story is romantic and cute , and even though this leans towards being a chick flick it 's a film that the guys can enjoy too . Watch it ! You 'll enjoy the laughter , the music , the dancing , the dramas and the bodies !
 Love the music and the two actors . Great quality and quick shipping ! I bought this because I loved Kal Ho Naa Ho so much . I 'm American and these movies are still awesome .
 EK DIN EK PAL ... EK JANIYA ... These are the first lines of the world famous song SAALAM NAMASTE ... this movie is one of the BEST of 2005 . It is fit for everyone in the teenage and who ever is a young adult . This story is so nice ... the music is so cool ... u will be watching this movie many times ... it is truly worth it ... trust me , SAALAM NAMASTE RULES !!!!!!!!! SAAAAAAAAAAALAM NAMASTE !!!!!!!!!!
 Salaam Namaste was the first Bollywood movie I really looked at and stayed with and I 'm glad as it 's roller-coaster ride of happy-angst-happy was a lot of fun . Well worth seeing the movie through to it 's conclusion as the audience is well rewarded with a good dose of happy .
 Alex Gardner was born with certain `` talents '' - a telepathic genius - able to manipulate the conscious mind . But it is not until he is approached with an offer to further parapsychology that he learns just how profound his abilities can fathom.Living a life of mundane concerns * , at the behest of Dr. Novotny -LCB- Max Von Sydow -RCB- , he returns to his former life engaging in psychical research to further the efforts of the mind to tap the abyssal subconscious , projecting into others ' dreams , in what is essentially the practice of Lucid Dreaming , what some of us have already mastered . With the aid of a ` dream machine ' situated in the ` dream chamber ' -LCB- `` Who 's your decorator , Darth Vader ? '' ; it is a nice chamber ! -RCB- , which merely regulates bio-functions , it begins as a form of therapy , witnessing patients ' fears , such as the man who suspected his wife of cheating -LCB- including with his brother , a priest , and ... even you ... Fakuda ... ? -RCB- ; and the construction worker with bathophobia -LCB- fear of falling from high places -RCB- . The reality of the situations amaze Alex , who thereby dedicates his skills full into the project.Upon reaching REM sleep state , each dream sequence is quite a remarkable spectacle -LCB- whose ingress , incidentally , very much resembles the I-Tunes visualizer -RCB- , with amorphous transmutations in light and sound surrounding until full presence is achieved.Then he meets Bob Blaire , whose innocuous first introduction belies his true character as sinister mastermind , and later Tommy Glatman , a psychopathic dream killer obsessed with Martial Arts movies who actually murdered his own father . Blaire runs a top-secret organization within the CIA whose nefarious influence is all-pervasive . The two work in tandum and plan to assassinate the President -LCB- Eddie Albert ** -RCB- in his dream by whatever imaginative scenario , utilizing dream weapons to achieve that end , which results in various stress and shock related maladies in `` dayside '' state . That is the ultimate idea herein - to cause reactive effects in which a kill in the dream results in the actual demise of the dreamer IN ACTUALITY.Through entering the dream of an attractive female Doctor with what is essentially an incubus visualization , Alex eventually learns to project without the use of the machine , by merely stilling himself in a quiet , gloomy environment , initiating controlled breathing techniques -LCB- sounds familiar ... -RCB- , he sharpens his senses enough to subsequently confront a serpentine creature known as ` The Snakeman ' -LCB- a boogie-man archetype and Glatman 's fearsome `` totem '' -RCB- who has invaded a boy 's dreams . From within a haunted house on a stormy night , down a twisting staircase into an inferno of horrors , the two battle the snake beast in a fantastical scene reminiscient of white knight verses dragon . Although in the dream world , anything is possible.After the sad execution of Novotny ordered by Blaire , Alex and Tommy square off in The President 's nightmare wherein the one with the greater imagination , cleverness , and willpower prevails . The Snakeman manifests again , and through a very shrewd apparition , the President is saved.Demon hounds , a snake monster , nuclear zombies , sudden scares , cloak and dagger scenarios , secret government conspiracies , a motorbike chase , and horrific environments fill this dreamscape of nucleic creation . __________________ * Seems he was betting on the horse races and runs afoul of some bookies who want in on his continual success , and otherwise was also concentrating his efforts on carnal pleasures . The question remains - there is no reason why he could not continue to pursue his fleshly interests while also contributing to the project . ** Whom you may remember as portraying Dr. Samuel Richards in the film ` The Devil 's Rain ' , and probably more recognizably as Oliver Wendell Douglas from ` Green Acres ' .
 I 've been waiting for this movie to be released on DVD for quite a while and actually got it for a decent price too ! This is a classic of early special effects of make-up and animatronics . The computer graphics are primitive but good for historical records . A good combo to watch with this is Brainstorm . About the same time frame and similar special effects . A precursor to The Cell and any other `` enter someone else 's subconcious and dreams '' movie - think Nightmare on Elm Street . This is tame by comparision but scary for the snake haters out there .
 The photo makes one think of Indiana Jones -LRB- and Kate Capshaw , who was in `` Temple Of Doom '' , is a good reason for the comparison -RRB- , but this is more science fiction . It deals with psychics who are able to enter people 's dreams . This puts it into the category of true science fiction , speculating possibilities , their benefits , and their dangers.Dennis Quaid does an excellent job as a con man with an exceptional ability . Max Van Sydow is just as good as his mentor . Christopher Plummer makes an great villain . And when somebody casts one of my favorite actresses like Kate Capshaw as the love interest ... George Wendt also is good in a brief role , and Eddie Albert is presidential.I will conclude that the ending bothered me philosophically . If someone wants to discuss it , feel free to let me know . However , I do n't want to spoil any surprises.In spite of that one disturbing part , I think this is a great movie . It is PG-13 , meaning it is not for children ; feel free to attend with your junior high or older child , where you can discuss the issues with him . And there is a lot of food for thought you can teach your children with in this movie . Not bad for a sci-fi adventure , huh ?
 ALthough there 's no surround sound , this is a very good show . I bet it 'll startle your kids at the end , if they 've never watched it before .
 If you love scince fiction with a good helping of what could be really possable in life , you will love this film . It 's well filmed , well acted , and most of all a brilliant all round sci-fi adventure film into the unknow world of dreams , and nightmares ... definatly a 10/10 score , more like this please !
 Along with older sci-fi films like Brainstorm this movie is the birth of the modern movie Inception and for the time more interesting . When I watched this as a teenager , i found it more interesting than when I watched Inception as an adult .
 I saw the film now for the first time and were very surprised with the argument . A lot of parts are very similar to the `` Elm Street '' movies , which began one year later , even the knife-fingernails of the murderer , but especially that all victims were killed in their dreams.I agree with the other reviews , the film has great performanes.On the other hand there 're a lot of mistakes and contradictions in the argument . For example , the last victim -LRB- the bad guy from the government -RRB- is killed although the protagonist is far away and ca n't influence his dream . But all in all I think you 'll not loose your time seeing this movie , especially if you 're a great science fiction/horror fan .
 This is a scince fiction film , which has a , '' this is possiable '' angel ... if you are intrested in sci-fi , pyschic 's , and the things that could be possiable , if we could harness the use of our huge brains , you will love this film ... it is deffinatly 10/10
 ... I finally saw this film again and it was n't too bad , though typical of the time it came out , as far as sound , photography , SPFX and acting , though the four leads were great
 With outstanding Fx , for the era , this movie will scare the pants off you . Not really bloody and gorey , but not for the younger viewer either , since it deals with what can happen in your dreams .
 I enjoyed being able to see this movie again .
 To Some It Will Seem A Little Far Fetched , But In This Film , Psychics Can Enter Other People 's Nightmares And Put An End To Them ... If You Can Go Along With The Premise , This Movie Will Reward You With Fantastic Special Effects , Thrills , Chills , And Surprises ... Starring Dennis Quaid , Max Von Sydow , Christopher Plummer , Kate Capshaw , And Eddie Albert ...
 This is a great old movie about the power of dreams and the supernatural . It stars Dennis Quaid and Cate Capshaw . It 's powerful , terrifying and a `` edge of your seat '' thriller .
 I loved this movie . I have been trying to find vor A very long Time . The movie it self was very entertaining . The fact that the president was having a dream and there only being one man to save the day isgreat .
 Reminds me of some of the dreams , the few I can remember , that I 've had . Spooky , and a bit frightening .
 Dreamscape is a fun , if undeniably underrated , thriller from the early 1980s . Dennis Quaid plays a psychic who is recruited into a secret , government-funded operation by Max Von Sydow . Under the direction of Von Sydow and colleague Kate Capshaw , Quaid learns how to enter other people 's dreams . Amongst other things , this ability allows Quaid to romance the reluctant Capshaw and to help a small boy who is haunted by nightmares involving a demonic creature known as Snake Man -LRB- who , years later , remains one of screen history 's scariest monsters -RRB- . However , Quaid also discovers that the real force behind the project is Presidential advisor Christopher Plummer and Plummer has somewhat more sinister goals in mind for Quaid 's newfound abilities . President Eddie Albert , it seems , is having nightmares of his own and there leading him to sign a disarmament pact with the Russians . While Plummer makes plan to send his own personal assassin -LRB- David Patrick Kelly -RRB- into the President 's dreams , Quaid and Capshaw struggle to save the President 's life.Dreamscape is an entertaining film that , luckily , does n't take itself all that seriously . The film itself is a hybrid of several different genres -- part horror film , part political conspiracy thriller , part speculative science fiction , and part comedy and director Joseph Ruben manages to pull of an impressive balancing act by seemlessly integrating all of these elements into a cohesive whole that actually holds together pretty well . Ruben keeps the action moving nicely and brings a truly memorable flair to the film 's dream sequences . As stated previously , the Snake Man -LRB- a creation that would simply be a cartoonish computer-generated image if the film were made today -RRB- is still truly frightening and the President 's nightmares , with their images of nuclear devastation , still retain their power to disturb . Ruben also gets uniformly good performances from his cast with special praise going to David Patrick Kelly who creates one of the most memorably quirky and hateful film villians of the 1980s . All in all , Dreamscape is a blast from the past that is more than worth tracking down .
 Forget about `` The Man Who Fell to Earth '' by Nicholas Roeg . The TV movie `` V '' is good , but it must be pushed aside to this studio production . This is one of the most original and exciting science fiction movies to come along in a long time . It is intriguing , surreal , and imaginative without being off-putting or overlong . It has everything , right down to the romantic sub-plot . Still questionably underrated , this brilliant film about the process of ` dreamlinking ' and helping people get over their nightmares is a very interesting idea . Performances are good and the special effects amazing . Everything I expected it to be and more .
 This was a really good old movie !! I have never seen this before and I have hundreds and hundreds of mivies , so this one caught my eye and I 'm very happy with it ! get this movie !
 Fun movie from the 80 's ... guy has paranormal abilities and eventually can step into other peoples ' dreams . But so can the bad guy ... Good special effects for the early-mid 80 's ...
 Product as advertized , arrived faster than expected , what more can you ask . Take these reviews the way I write them or do n't get any . Remove the work requirement or you wont get anymore . G. King
 This film has it all . Quaid is kinetic and just fun to watch . The film also shows off Campbell 's Hero 's Adventure pattern perfectly . Go for this film !
 I remember seeing this movie when it came out and I still love it . The idea of being able to effectively navigate your dreams is an intriguing idea .
 I remember seeing this on TV a long time ago . I liked it then , and I still like it . I think it was a precurser of Nightmare on Elm Street . It was one of the first movies to say that if you die in a dream-if someone kills you - than you die in reality . I like this movie . I think everyone should see this and we 'll see what kind of thoughts this puts in people 's minds . Remember , this show was shot in the early eighties so it does n't have the latest up to date special effects . They 're not too primative though .
 We used to have this one VHS and the tape broke : : wibble :
 Got ta love a good dream movie . Probably not the best acting , but fun theme and action .
 Dennis can help you overcome your nightmares , Buddy has a monster in his nightmers , he also help the Presdent . Wish this was in CC for me .
 An oldie but goody . In its time it was a fitst rate movie . Now it comes off like an old B-movie . But do n't put down old B-movies they 're still around for a reacon .
 I caught this movie on SciFi , and it was n't as good as it looked from the advertisements , but it was better than what I thought it would be . I have a hard time understanding why some people say Kate Capshaw is a bad actress . She seemed good to me ! I saw the TV version , and so the bed scen in some guy 's dream seemed cut off , but still ... it * was * funny.Or at least I could tell it had the potential to be funny . Unfortuantely , the resident geezer made me turn the TV off because there was a six year old , a five year old , a four year old , and a two year old in my TV room . I am currently searching for it so I can see the entire thing and not miss the gory and `` suggestive '' parts .
 `` Dreamscape '' is one of those often overlooked cinematic gems , which came on the vanguard of the mid-80 's resurgence of lower budget SF which included `` Real Genius '' and `` Wierd Science '' , among others.Here we have Dennis Quaid exercising every charsima cell possible as a washed-up psychic , who is enlisted by former mentor Max Von Sydow into a top secret program to enter and control people 's dreams . Overseeing the project is shady government spook played by Christopher Plummer , with plans of permanently correcting US President Eddie Albert 's apocolyptic nightmares . Of course , some of the more fantastical SFX that seemed cool in theatres in 1984 show their matte lines now on video , but the movie does harbour some truly impressive tricks and unsettling dream sequences . The story itself is compelling , and the fine cast helps matters along by selling it brilliantly , and it is a complete treat to see old scenery chewers Von Sydow and Plummer acting against each other . Another fine performance comes from perennial 80 's sleazebag David Patrick Kelly as Plummer 's dream assassin , but a weak link is Kate Capshaw 's typically wooden performance as Von Sydow 's assistant.For some reason , I had a hard time hunting down this film , eventually settling for a well-worn rental at the local Mom & Pop videostore . But this entertaining SF yarn is well worth the search , if you can find it possible to see through the shamelessly obvious Raiders rip-off box cover design . Interestingly , Capshaw herself would end up appearing in the second Raiders of the Lost Ark movie , and eventually become Mrs. Steven Spielberg . Good thing too , because she really would n't have lasted long as an actress with her painfully stilted acting presence . But do n't lose any sleep over that , `` Dreamscape '' has enough charm , momentum and surprise to overcome even the worst acting nightmare .
 Is it true that if you die in your dream that you die in real life?The Upanishads show that dreaming is just another reality.This is revolutionary for its time . Now we have seen the schema several times since and there is more versions to come . However , this still plays well today . You will have to overlook the cheap cheesy electronic background music . O.K. and the cheap cheesy graphics . However , there is a beautiful shot of the Pacific coast Highway.Psychic Alex Gardner -LRB- Dennis Quaid -RRB- is compelled to take part in an experiment that as with any science can have a great impact for good or evil . Therefore , we need to figure out who are the good people and who are not . He works with a beautiful doctor Jane DeVries -LRB- Kate Capshaw -RRB- , his old mentor , Doctor Paul Novotny -LRB- Max von Sydow -RRB- and a mysterious authority Bob Blair -LRB- Christopher Plummer -RRB- . Watch the commentary with producer Bruce Cohn Curtis , writer David Loughery and special effects artist Craig Reardon on the Blu-ray version . This will fill in all the items that the review overlooked.The Thirteenth Floor -LSB- Blu-ray -RSB- Inception -LRB- 2010 -RRB-
 This is one of my all time favorite movies . the effects are dated , but that adds to its appeal , frankly . This movie is highly entertaining - and I strongly recommend it for science fiction lovers out there . The `` retro '' nature of it makes it even more enjoyable , if anything . I strongly recommend it .
 The artwork on the dvd cover caught my eye at the videostore . Seeing that the dvd was only six bucks , I gave it a try . And I 'm glad that I bought this film.Despite the fact that the movie came out in 1984 , the digital transfer to dvd came out great . The quality of the pictures and sounds are excellent for this Widescreen Special Edition.The story is original . What would you do if you had the power to enter people 's dreams ? Through Max Von Sydow -LRB- as the head of the research facility -RRB- and Christopher Plummer -LRB- a high level government official -RRB- , you are presented with two opposing philosophies on how this special gift should be utilized.Like other reviewers mentioned , the cast gave wonderful performances . I 've never seen a young Dennis Quad performance before , and he played the role of Alex perfectly for this film . I recognize Kate Capshaw from Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom , and arguably she gave a better performance in Dreamscape despite having a much more passive role . And Christopher Plummer played a very convincing villain.The ending of this film is certainly debatable if not controversial . But it 's another reason why this film is so interesting .
 Consider that this movie was ahead of it 's time . How many frightening movies have we seen since involving peoples dreams ? I think this movie holds up well for it 's age . Good performances from an excellent cast . Dennis Quaid , Kate Capshaw , Max Von Sydow , Christopher Plummer , and Eddie Albert all do their parts more than justice . I think this is a solid entry into the SciFi genre and certainly well worth what you can pick it up for on DVD.The special effects are still nice to look at and the music was catchy . The whole premise of dreams being entered with electronic assistance is not so far from what we can do today . At the time it seemed far fetched , especially when it was done without electronic assistance . Granted that is still out there , but look at how far we have come in dream research and our capability to monitor and effect sleep . With current remakes of psychological movies like `` The Manchurian Candidate '' I would n't be surprised to see a remake of this one . I recommend it to anyone that enjoys science fiction .
 They 're sitting at a table in an off-campus restaurant close to Thornhill College . A pitcher of beer sits between them . `` Let 's play a little game , '' says Dr. Paul Novotny , head of a secret psychic research project , to Alex Gardner , who had been one of his top subjects a few years ago . `` Let 's pretend that a man , with a little help from science , could psychically project himself inside the dream of a sleeping person . Then pretend , once inside the dream , he becomes an active participant in it . He 'd actually be there , right in the middle ... would feel the dream ... experience it ... even shape and alter the dream itself . What would you say to a notion like that ? `` Alex -LRB- Dennis Quaid -RRB- , who had left Dr. Novotny -LRB- Max Von Sydow -RRB- previously because he was tired of being an experimental subject , reluctantly agrees to help a man he respects and likes . He meets Paul Novotny 's associate , Jane DeVries -LRB- Kate Capshaw -RRB- , and an edgy , tentative romance starts . He enters the dream of a nebbishy husband with sexual inadequacy issues and helps identify the cause of the problems . He volunteers to enter the dream of a small boy who has debilitating nightmares about a horrific snakeman and guides the boy , within the dream , to conquer fear . And he meets Bob Blair -LRB- Christopher Plummer -RRB- . He learns Blair is the head of the government 's covert intelligence operation , and that it is Blair who is funding Novotny 's research program . Just think , Blair says at one moment , how important it could be to have U.S. agents enter the dreams of our enemies ... or our friends . Unspoken is the potential to assassinate through dreams . Blair has a problem . The President of the United States -LRB- Eddie Albert -RRB- is having nightmares about nuclear destruction ; he is determined to come to an agreement with the Soviets on nuclear disarmament . Blair is opposed ... and sympathetically convinces the President to come to Thornhill College where the special dream program may just be able to help . What Blair does n't mention is that one of those trained to enter dreams is his creature , and this person , Billy Ray Glatman -LRB- David Patrick Kelly -RRB- is a psychopathic killer . Blair intends to solve the President 's nightmare problems permanently by having Billy Ray be the one to enter the President 's dreams.And the plot deepens . Alex and others learn of the plot . Some die . Alex must find a way , while being hunted by Blair 's men , to enter the President 's dream , cancel out the presence of Billy Ray and bring the President back safely . If he 's successful , he will also have to find a way to deal with Bob Blair , who is an unforgiving sort of man.I like this movie a lot , but it seems often overlooked . It has a weird , interesting premise , a performance by Quaid that is crafty and very attractive ; Von Sydow is immensely sympathetic and solid , and Plummer is smooth and ruthless ; the story line moves along at a fairly rapid pace , taking its time to set up the story , then moving fast to the climax . The movie carries along a romance and some comedy , but plays it serious when it gets down to business . The dream sequences , in particular , I think are well handled . They are n't overpowered as they would be today by Computer Generated Overkill . We find ourselves in strange landscapes , red dusks , ruined escalators diving down into blasted buildings , odd time shifts , hounds with glowing red eyes , swaying steel girders high above the streets , twisting pits and endless staircases , deep shadows in dark greens and purples , odd-angled railway carriages , the dead with radiation scars and dripping wounds , the snakeman all scales and teeth . And in the president 's dream we have Billy Ray out to kill , changing shape , merciless . When he tells Alex to have a heart , he means it.The DVD picture looks good . There are a couple of extras which I did n't check out , including a commentary by the writer , producer and special effects artist .
 This movie is kind of obscure to most but it 's still an exceptional film . Dennis Quaid was pre-Inner Space , pre-Dragonheart and was sort of on the threshold of being one of the more fun and interesting actors of our time . This was also an overshadowed film by the mega horror spectacle `` A Nightmare on Elm Street '' but it 's still great fun to enjoy . Very imaginative and different . The dream sequences were phenominal for the time when this film came out . Sort of an Indiana Jones meets Jacobs Ladder . With the exception of a weak ending and geeky special effects it 's a great story and one that should be a addition to any collection . Enjoy !
 A mild classic little film that I was happy to rediscover while DVD surfing here on Amazon . Although this film is somewhat dated , it still holds up well enough today . The dream sequences are wild and fanciful so the effects there work quite well except for the stop-action effects that while good , are very dated . They will remind you of the classic works of that early special effects pioneer Ray Harryhuasen -LRB- misspelled ??? -RRB- . Anyhow , he did films like `` Clash of the Titans '' which is another fun , but again , dated film.I always find it kinda fun to see some of my favorite actors as they looked when they first started out . This early Dennis Quaid flick is no exception . My son , who is 15 , and a fan of his current work , Flight of the Phoenix and The Day After Tomorrow , quickly noticed how boyish he looks in this film and , during a shirtless scene , how he had n't started working out yet . He boasts a decent 6-pack today at 50 . Kate Capshaw , Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom , looked radiant in spite of her horrific 80 's hairdo and gave a better performance that she did in Indiana Jones . Unfortunately , if you 've seen her recently , whenever she 's out with hubby Steven Spielberg , you will notice that the years were not as kind to her as to Quaid . The ageless Christopher Plummer , Captain Von Trapp in The Sound of Music , has played this kind of evil character he plays here many times . He was a staple sinister baddie for quite some time until Anthony Hopkins stepped in with his Silence of the Lamb films and other creepy roles . Plummer plays the overly zealous government man taking over a scientific experiment project for the safety of the free world in his own myopic perspective . The newcomer in this film is an actor who never made it big but should have . Sean Patrick Kelly as the villain is inspired casting in this film . He is very effective in his role of the jealous `` top lab rat '' as Quaid 's character calls him . He is perfectly cast and his role and acting will get under your skin and stay there.Now throw in some older and highly respected actors during this time period , Max -LRB- The Exorcist -RRB- Von Sydow playing the respectable scientist not understanding the danger of his work -LRB- which he went on to play many times later in his career such as in Tom Cruise 's Miniority Report -RRB- , and Eddie -LRB- Green Acres -RRB- Albert and you have a stellar cast to go with an intelligent script that does make an effort to avoid cliche-ridden roles and lines -LRB- even though some are still present -RRB- . The direction is fast-paced and the score by Maurice Jarre is effective.My only quibble with this film is noted by others who remember this film from its original release and VHS transfer and that is the subtle editing that is done for this `` updated '' release . It 's not that I 'm bothered so much by the bits that were edited out to better fit the PG-13 rating as it was very close to R in it 's time , it 's that they do n't tell you that they altered the film and that just is n't right . In any event , the subtle editing does n't change the film significantly and allows for more family friendly viewing .
 Even viewed through the lens of understanding how Africans were portrayed in the late 1920 's , this `` documentary '' still has some weaknesses . However , if you factor in how sub-Saharan Africans were depicted in other venues , then this one stands up reasonably well . They are depicted as having intelligence and culture , not as mindless and simple savages.The video was filmed in the small Habbania town of Buram in Southern Sudan , stars the actual people of the village and was first released in 1930 . It depicts them in their daily lives , the dangers from predators as well as some of their ceremonies . The title of the video is taken from the main event , a prairie fire that forces the villagers to flee across a river.While the video is narrated , it is not of the high quality that was seen in later `` talkies '' If you are experienced in the history of film then you could come close to dating it by realizing that it was made in the transition from silent films to the days when the art of including dialog had been perfected.One amusing aspect is that some of the women are bare-chested , which is a reminder of the old standard that bare breasts were allowed to appear uncensored as long as they were covered by black skin .
 This video was great to watch because it was fun and adventurous for both of my children ! The younger one laughed at everything , and the older one enjoyed her laughter .
 I must say I actually liked this movie , not just because Johnny Depp was in it , but because it told the story of a man who made it big by selling drugs , but ended up paying the price for it at the end .
 I would not have liked this movie as much without Johnny Depp . Johnny just amazes me with his acting . He actually makes you SYMPATHIZE and feel SORRY for a DRUG DEALER ! Well written , and well directed . I also liked Ray Liotta as the father . He did a great job too .
 A very sad movie of how a man wastes all his life selling drugs & spending time in jail.I would recommend this movie.I rate this movie a 5 of 5 stars !!
 Depp brings empathy to an amoral druggie . And makes this fact based tale watchable . Well done .
 even those who may not agree with Depp 's life choices have to appreciate his acting ability . Blow is one of those great films which really gives him a platform to showcase just what an incredibly talented actor he is.on the surface , it 's a semi-biographical movie about drug dealers and smuggling , but contains a richness and real humanity that 's usually missed in movies of this genre.this movie is a must-have for your collection -- i watch it every 3 or 4 months , and with the limited amount of free-time i have , this is a sincere compliment .
 Awesome movie great story have watched about 10 times since I 've bought it .
 As I watched this film , it occured to me that George Jung was a really smart guy , but made stupid decisions over and over again.But , it 's a good thing he and most other criminals do ; otherwise , how would the cops ever catch them?In Blow , we learn the mindset of a young person who wants everything handed to him . Jung decides to take the `` easy way '' to riches and it worked for a very brief , fleeting moment.He had it all . A nice looking babe , cars , mansion , and money . Trouble is he got it all illegally and there 's no way you can get away with that kind of life style very long before the Cops come and kick in your door ; especially if you 're snorting your own product.Like I said , let 's be grateful Mr. Jung was n't more careful . If he were , America 's drug problem might be even worse than what it is now.Watch this one and see where a life of drugs and drug dealing leads .
 This is one of the greatest movies I have ever seen , along with the Shawshawnk Redemption . It presents the story of a good , whole-hearted man in George Jung . The movie captivated me in such a powerful , emotional way . I 'm 23 now , and I only wish I were this age back in the 70s when the bulk of this movie took place . Some may negatively label George Jung as a criminal for dealing marijuana and then cocaine , but I do n't see it like that . Doing or selling drugs does n't make anybody less of a person . It was his choice , and unfortunately he had some betraying friends and was unjustifiably put in jail for life .
 Johnny has done it again . I admit it , I am a huge Johnny Depp fan , I think I 've seen all his movies , anyways , Blow is a very sad movie , not sad as in pathetic but sad as in emotionally sad , The character Johnny plays George Jung , small town boy , moves to California , stars dealing Marijuana and ends with Cocaine , I 'm not one to sympathize for the lives of dealers but this movie just got to me , I guess it 's because of the reason he did his last score , people who have watched the movie should know what I am talking about , for those have not seen the movies , do watch it . It is flawed but as always Johnny somehow makes me forget everything wrong with the film and just concentrate on him and his life . A very good movie , not something to watch with your 12 year old kids but good nonetheless .
 Drugs has always been something that I 've been completely against . In fact I would automatically dislike anyone who was associated with them . I always just thought how could they be so dumb as to be associated with drugs . It 's such a high risk . However after watching `` Blow '' my views really changed . I have learned that people do n't always do the smartest things , but that does n't make them bad.George Jung in my opinion is a great guy . All he wanted to do was make his daughters wishes come true . If he were my dad , I 'd be ever greatful.Kristina Sunshine Jung , get off your butt and pay your dad a visit .
 I saw this movie about a month ago , I was amazed that one man almost single - handedly brought the cocane trade to the U.S.George Jung , made over 100 million importing/selling powder.The storyline is very compelling , and the acting was awesome.The ending of the story was kind of ironic , but none the lessa very good movie.If you do not see but one drug cartel movie , please see BLOW !!!!!
 Wow ... I have to tell you that as much as this was compared to other recent cocaine movies , like Traffic , this movie reminds me of nothing less than Goodfellas . The characters are very much brothers from different mothers . Very good comparison . And to anyone who has entertained notions about Penelope Cruz ' sexiness , you may be in for a rude surprise.Having said that , since Tom Cruise and Penelope Cruz are dating , well , does n't it take a special kind of ego for someone to date someone else because their last names are pronounced the same ?
 Make no mistake about it . I am a Johnny Depp fan . He tends to portray complex , entertaining characaters and in Blow , he does not disappoint . The supporting cast members were excellent and more importantly , they were totally believable . Depp does an incredible job of portraying an individual that gets caught up in making money the easy `` illegal '' way . I am glad that the movie did not have a glamorous ending so people will not think there is an actual pot of gold at the end of the rainbow . This film is rather long so I advise against watching it while you are exhausted . All in all , this is an excellent flick .
 blow is one of the best films of 2001 . blow is not traffic , ive heard the comparisons a thousand times . yes , they are both about drugs , but so is requiem for a dream which are totally different films.johnny depp is , as always , incredibly good in this film . you can understand where he 's coming from and why he does what he does . the reason for watching this movie , is not because it has an original story , it is because it has really good acting . i challenge anyone to not feel for depp 's character at the ending when he `` meets '' his daughter in prison.this is a sad movie , but it 's not without comic relief , which is always good.the only thing i didnt like , which isnt enough to ruin the movie , was penelope cruz . she 's a great actress , but in blow she was a little over-acted on most parts , but again nothing which would ruin the movie , since she 's in like the last 30 min . of it.ray liotta is as always phenomenal , he seems to be just as good in every movie he 's done way back to goodfellas , he 's just incredible.this movie has been compared to tons of movies that this movie really has nothing to do with . for example , boogie nights . they both take place in the 70s and they both have drugs . boogie nights was great -LRB- 5 stars -RRB- , but the comparison is lax , same with the traffic comparison . traffic was lack-luster -LRB- 3 stars -RRB- , douglas 's worst performance to date , but im not going to go on about traffic.blow is at least worth a rental , if not a buy . buy it .
 OK , so Blow does n't support a huge all star cast , or an ambitious multi-angled plot , but to be quite frank , I thought most of Traffic was a load of pretentious , preachy Hollywood smarm . With the exception of Benicio Del Toro scenes -LRB- which were fantastic and well deserving of an Oscar -RRB- , the movie had all the personality and believability of `` As the World Turns . `` Blow is much less ambitious in it 's scope and cast , but what it lacks in sophistication , it more than makes up for in it 's charm and honesty . That 's not to say that facts were n't changed for whatever reason , but the protagonist is n't made out to be some herculean character . He 's just a normal , likeable guy who made lots of tragic mistakes in life that lead to a path of self destruction . The movie does n't preach or try to be all things to all people . It is what it is , and the people act like , well ... people . What they do they do for their own reasons , not to further the plot . That 's what makes the movie great , it 's about people being people and all the stupid , unpredictable things they do.Oh , it 's also about drugs , how could we forget . But the whole drug aspect seems very secondary to the human aspect . There are no grandiose speeches abut the War of Drugs and how we should spend more money on treatment than prevention or anything even close to that , but it also does n't portray drugs in a glamorous or friendly way . Drugs can never be human , and this movie portrays them as neither evil , misguided or liberating . They are what they are
 BLOW is one of those fantastic movies that comes along every once in a long while . BLOW `` blew '' me away when I saw it in theaters months ago . Ted Demme directs the movie fantastically and the performances are top-notch . Everyone is used to seeing Penelope Cruz in romance movies -LRB- i.e. All the Pretty Horses and Captain Corelli 's Mandolin -RRB- , but BLOW allows Cruz to really shine . Even though at times , the audience is sure to dispise her character , that 's how one knows a good performance when they 've seen one . In my opinion , Johnny Depp gives one of the best performances of his career in this movie . Ray Liotta is also good as Depp 's open-minded and extremely forgiving father . Paul Reubens is hilarious and also turns in a note-worthy performance . Blow is a great movie , the DVD has fantastic extras , and if you like music ... check out the soundtrack to BLOW . It rocks !!
 First and foremost , the dvd extra 's such as the interview with George Jung , Ted Demme and George Jung discussing the movie , and commentating was excellent . The music/vocals by Nikki Costa creates a very sombering moment and when viewing the last moments of the film it makes you even sadder for George Jung . Johnny Depp did an excellent job of bring this character to life and I have to admit that I felt sorry for him in the end . The thing that I admired about George was his sense of independnce and freedom , even though it came at a cost due to personal choices . I think most people begin to care for George when his daughter arrives and that changes your opinion about him slightly . Regardless this film was fantastic and would be a great addition to anyone 's personal library .
 First off I have to say I agree with all the reviews here . This movie was a real nice surprise and I enjoyed it a lot . Many folks have been comparing it to movies like Goodfellas and Scarface . While I agree with these comparisons I noticed the use of violent scenes in Blow is much less than these other examples . It never turns into a `` blood bath '' , but you almost expect it too . The few violent scenes give you a flavor for the type of people involved with drug tafficing and then adds to the increasingly paranoid and tragic feel of the movie the further along it goes . I think this a more effective use of violence in movies ... a tool for setting a tone . Another reviewer also made a good point about the movie not showing the effects of getting hooked on drugs . I agree here too as George 's own drug problem was quickly glossed over .
 Ok , maybe my review title ai n't all that accurate . Nonetheless , I enjoyed this movie immensely.Its not perfect , treats some of the subject matter a little more patly than I would have liked . You would think a movie like this would be a film about the coke industry of the 70s and 80s . Instead , the film is a tragedy , Jung 's meteoric rise to fame and fortune , his crash and burn , his numerous attempts to right himself , his numerous failures.You would n't know it going into it , but this film is about a man -LRB- albeit through some illegal , immoral , and unethical means -RRB- trying to provide for his family . Do n't go into this looking for the next `` GoodFellas '' or `` Boogie Nights '' . It 's a single-man character study , and as such -LRB- IMHO -RRB- succeeds admirably.The ending of the film still haunts me .
 `` Blow '' is a well done film depicting an era . Though the point of `` blow '' is kind of hard to figure out , it is an interesting movie to watch , and you find yourself mysteriously rooting for Jung as he rises and falls.The best part of this film is the first part detailing Jung 's rise to fame , and his doomed relationship with his first girlfriend . The shots of California and the beach are the quintessential way that we all wish it truly were.Somewhat depressing , somewhat amusing , and always entertaining , you wo n't go wrong adding `` Blow '' to your collection . Depp is always good in all his roles .
 this about George Jung -LRB- a superb Johnny Depp -RRB- and his life as a drug dealer . awesomely directed by Ted Demme -LRB- Monument Ave -RRB- and brilliantly acted make this story pop out at you . the supporting cast like Paul Ruebens -LRB- MysteryMen -RRB- , Penelope Cruz -LRB- Vanilla Sky -RRB- and Ray Liotta -LRB- Narc -RRB- back up Depp in this awesome look at the rise and fall of the dealer who made it big , then wasnt big . Depp sprouts some cool blonde roots and this is for his lady or other fans
 `` Blow '' desplicts the reality of the consequences suffered from selling drugs . Its unique theme was brilliantly written . The years passing by was perfected by the costume designers and hair stylists . Johnny Depp was the perfect actor to play the lead character in his Oscar worthy role . All other actors perfectly portray their characters wonderfully
 My husband told me about this movie . I looked on my only website for purchasing -LRB- amazon.com -RRB- ROCKS ! anyway , i bought it and when i watched it for the first time i fell in love with this movie . it is an excellent movie , very informative and interesting . It had me zooned into from beginning to end . I was mad when it went off !! .
 Johnny Depp is Blow . The movie like the intrinsic narcissism of the drug , spirals out of Depp 's eye . J.D. is fast becoming a hell of a character actor a la Val Kilmer . Only stylized acting like this transforms such a script into a movie I 'll watch every few years . Depp 's sensibilities , the cat-house cool , the vaunted respect balanced with a well hidden cockiness are all the vital inflections needed against the drug lords and soldiers he encounters in the movie . George Jung 's ambitions far outweigh his talent . The gringo-makes-nice with a far-off world . Yea the documentary facade of the film is obvious , and all the nasty trappings of the Life are well delivered , but to rest on this is missing the point . Blow is a metaphor for the edge , Kristeva 's semiotic unspeakable . Like any Eastwood movie , character , not the voice tracking of mainstream acting , is the true anima to an new economy . The late Ted Demme 's eye for character is astounding . Jordi Malla 's part as Depp 's partner is brilliantly creepy and cloying , the devil in disguise . Cliff Curtis , who plays Escobar , is necessary , beedy eyes and all ; not to mention Paul Reubens , the Bobcat and even Ray Liotta , who brought something essential . Yea this all happened I guess , no Scarface , but definitely a Boogie Nights .
 ... This is one of the best dramas ever created . some ... thought traffic was much better . hah ! ... if you want a really good story that stays in reality , ie . -LRB- not characters that turn from a rich little schoolgirl into a -LSB- prostitute -RSB- that -LSB- works -RSB- for heroin within the timeframe of about 2 weeks -RRB- then buy blow . i garantee you will find it a compelling and powerfull story . O_o o_O
 This is an amazing movie , with an amazing cast and an amazing story .
 This movie was a great experience . Johnny Depp , Penelope Cruz , Paul Rubens , and all of the supporting cast members did an excellent job in portraying the lifestyle their characters were living . This is a true story of Americas most infamous cocaine dealer , George Jung . In about 2 hours of time you see the rise and fall of this legendary man . The director also deserves a hand . The way this movie was filmed really gave you a good piece of what was happening in his life , but left some things in the dark , which made the movie all the more intriging . This movie shows the roller coaster type of life George Jung had at an interesting perspective . All of the massive massive amounts of drug dealing that was going on didnt seem like the works of a hardcore street hustler , but like the works of a man with ambition . All of the actors did a great job of potraying how drugs , power , and lots of money can effect people . An excellent flick .
 I absolutely love this movie ! The infinifilm version is great too ! There are interviews with the actual George Jung and a ton more ! Some people do n't like it because of the end but I think overall it 's an awesome movie especially because it 's based on a true story .
 Depp always commit full heartedly to his performances and this film is no exception . His near flawless performance as the very unlikeable George Jung , for me , is jaw-dropping as it is aspiring . There is no real point to this story other to just let us peek inside the life of a man who establish the cocaine trade in America . The director is careful to keep you at arms length while adding subtle touches to humanize Jung . The best way to do that with an American audience is to throw in a sad looking kid . We 're suckers for children.Maybe the message is
 This is one of my all time favorite movies . Why would a movie about a notorious American drug dealer be one of my favorites ? Simple
 This is one of those movies that had no immediate appeal to me and I never planned on seeing it . Then one day I find myself watching it and being riveted by the story and Johnny Depp 's performance.Depp plays George Jung who according to the film hooked up with Pablo Escobar and the Colombia drug cartel to bring cocaine into the U.S. Jung was responsible for the cocaine explosion in the 70s and 80s by providing a better product than had been available before . Jung makes millions , gets married to a crazy latin woman played by Penelope Cruz and is living -LRB- no pun intended -RRB- the high life.Eventually there are plenty of betrayals and paranoia and Jung gets out of the business and tries to live a normal life with his wife and daughter . But when he needs money he goes back to the only thing he knows , smuggling coke which leads to several arrests , the last with a sentence of 60 years.I guess part of the reason that movies like this are fascinating is that you know there are people like Jung out there doing these things , but its enlightening when you get to see how they did it and the effect it had on their lives . Jung is portrayed in the film as a decent guy who loves his daughter deeply but who ca n't stop making stupid decisions that ruin his life.The performances are very good throughout and the movie moves along at a brisk pace until the last act when it slows some .
 Do n't miss this movie ... it is great . The movie is complete with humor and saddness and it is done in a great combination . I would recommend this movie to everyone .
 Do n't miss this movie ... it is great . The movie is complete with humor and saddness and it is done in a great combination . I would recommend this movie to everyone .
 George Jung is the focus in this film by Ted Demme . It 's about the rise and fall of one of the country 's biggest drug dealers . Johnny Depp is at it again playing Jung with a vulnerability that 's easy to like . Ray Liotta co-stars as Jung 's father . A man who tried as hard as he could , but never quite made it . Jung 's mother -LRB- played so good by Rachel Griffiths -RRB- is the example of what happens when a child does n't exceed the potential of a parent.After being caught with 660 pounds of marijuana and sent to prison for 26 months , Jung meets Diego . A Columbian who has a dream of bringing cocaine to the mainstream and getting rich while doing so . When Jung gets released he comes into contact with Diego and the great Pablo Escobar . The three form a partnership and everyone is filthy rich . However , Diego steals Jung 's `` California Connection '' played by a welcomed Paul Reubens.Penelope does n't fit in this movie at all . Almost like a Highlights book . What 's wrong with this picture?Overall , this film was a great look into the mindset of a driven person who 's ambition far exceeded his talent . Even though I felt sorry for Jung throughout the movie , I had to tell myself that he put himself in those situations . No one forced him to do what he did . So goes the cliche , `` You play with fire ... you get burned '' .
 I rate this movie a 5 because of how johnny depp is able to catch the real person behind the preformance . He was able to portray George Jung with only the best of acting . also penelope was wonderful as she played the drug addicted wife with her fair share of crazy moments .
 Johnny Depp posesses an eclecticism and versatility so effortless that it 's almost scary . His riveting turn as Cocaine Traffiker George Jung is one of many reasons to see this movie . The story of how he rises to the top of the drug game starting in the late 60 's is told in a very clear , direct and colorful manner with great support from Ray Liotta , Paul Reubens , Franka Potente and Penelope Cruz . While the ending still seems a bit too cloying for me , nearly every frame leading up to the climax is American Cinema at it 's best . Of Special Note
 I am normally much longer winded on this sort of thing , but I have not the effort . This is my favorite movie I have seen and it is one done in a way to entertain even those not jaded in the drug scene . Both sides are shown in a way that may open the mind of the judgemental person to be more accepting while provoking someone on a similar road to make wiser choices -LRB- while not condemning the behavior -RRB- . Blow truely touched me as very few -LRB- if any -RRB- movies have . Promises
 I initially had no interest in this film , thinking who wants to see a movie about some two bit dope dealer ? My teenage son , however , rented the DVD , and I found myself a captive audience . To my surprise , it was a riveting , well done film . Sure , it was about a two bit dope dealer , but what a story . George Jung , an all American kid from a hard working , hard knocks family , begins dealing marijuana during the 1960s . He develops his business into an empire , and then he decides to branch out into the sexier world of cocaine and really big money . Using his considerable entrepreneurial instinct , he makes a deal with the Columbian drug cartel . Before you know it , he is raking in millions . Unfortunately , the best laid plans often go awry , and there is no fairy tale ending for George . This is a story of hopes , dreams , violence , greed , and betrayal.Well directed by the late Ted Demme , the film is compelling and absorbing as it recounts George Jung 's incredible odyssey in the drug trade , tracking the rise of the cocaine industry in the United States , attendant with all its violence . Johnny Depp , in the role of George Jung , makes him into a likable guy who has bitten off more than he can chew , with ultimately dire results . His is a search for the American Dream , a dream that forever remains elusive.Ray Liotta is terrific in the role of George 's father , Fred Jung , a sensitive and devoted everyman married to a hard , selfish woman , Ermine Jung , a woman who lacks all motherly instincts and is played with gritty determination by Rachel Griffiths . Jordi Molla is excellent in the role of Diego , George 's entre into the world of high stakes , cocaine dealing , and Cliff Curtis is excellent as Escobar , the Columbian drug cartel 's main man . Penelope Cruz is terrible as George 's beautiful Latina wife , Mirtha . She is simply a bad actress whose English is often unintelligible . With the exception of Ms. Cruz , however , the cast is uniformly excellent.This is the story about a young man who , faced with choices in his life , made the wrong ones and lived to regret it . Johnny Depp captures the pathos of Jung 's wasted life . That his characterization is dead on is brought home by Ted Demme 's wonderful interview of the real George Jung . This interview is one of the numerous bonus features on this DVD and is well worth watching . It is a poignant interview , as it underscores that Jung 's was a life wasted . It also serves to illustrate just how remarkable Depp 's characterization of Jung really is . All in all , this is a vibrant , informative , and entertaining film .
 Director Ted Demme died from a drug overdose around a year after finishing Blow . One suspects that the highly talented Demme desired to confront his own demons while putting together this first rate film . Johnny Depp aptly portrays George Jung as a man who subtly , but most assuredly chose the path to self destruction . He is not a victim and deserves no pity . Is Jung a monster ? Perhaps not , but he made his own bed and now has to lie in it . Jung is greatly responsible for introducing the horror of cocaine into the United States . He starts out as a typical teenager from a blue collar family . Jung 's father -LRB- Ray Liotta -RRB- and mother -LRB- Rachel Griffiths -RRB- raises their family in a struggling middle class environment . During his early adult years , Jung travels to California and starts enjoying the wild parties , easy sex , and mind altering drugs . He eventually meets a major drug seller -LRB- Paul Reubens -RRB- who partners with him to market very large quantities of marijuana . Common sense dictates that sooner or later Jung will be arrested . Sadly , however , Jung is not only personally addicted to drugs but also the accompanying risky lifestyle . Rational considerations therefore will not stand in the way of Jung 's slide into evil and debauchery.We eventually accompany Jung to Columbia where he is promoted to the major leagues of drug running . Betrayal and back stabbing become the norm . He meets and marries Mirtha -LRB- Penelope Cruz -RRB- , a woman is also a coke junkie and out of control pleasure seeker . Hedonism dominates their lifestyle , and money is so plentiful that neither knows how to spend it all . They flippantly make large purchases which soon bore them . Bringing a child into the world does little to encourage prudence . Their train is going to crash , and one can only hope the collateral damage is minimal . Our eyes are riveted to the screen as Jung is ultimately brought to a bad end . Ted Demme may have been too conflicted to unambiguously present George Jung as a moral monster deserving of severe punishment , but we never mistake him for some sort of misunderstood folk hero.Blow will force you to wonder if our drug laws make any sense . Is it truly worth the damage to our political and public institutions to continue criminalizing such activity ? Jung , after all , may be still be in jail , but his successors remain on the street . I also recommend Traffic and the utterly fantastic and overlooked masterpiece , Rush . And yes , parents should definitely encourage their adolescent children to view this disturbing film .
 There was a time when I did n't like Johnny Depp . I used to steer clear of his films simply because I had a pre-concieved notion in my mind that I was n't going to enjoy myself watching Johnny Depp . All this changed however after I saw `` Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas '' . And once again , I am impressed with Depp 's work , this time in the movie Blow . Depp 's portrayal of legendary cocaine dealer George Jung is wonderful . He makes Jung such a likeable person that you do n't want to see anything bad happen to the guy , even if he is waste deep in cocaine . Another thing I found interesting about this movie was its almost non-existent use of sex and violence . The story itself , of a middle class kid from Massachusetts growing up to be America 's number one coke dealer with simple business savvy is so intriguing that it did n't need the usual drug-dealer movie cliches . Killer flick .
 Of all the movies that I 've seen Johnny Depp in , this by far is his best work to date . He portrays George Jung so perfectly . He should have gotten Oscar consideration for this part . You also have excellent performances from other actors such as Jordi Molla , Ray Liotta , and Penelope Cruz . Blow is the pursuit of The American Dream gone terribly wrong . It 's so well made yet very depressing . This is a very powerful motion picture with strong performances all-around . A must buy for your movie collection !
 George Jung is not your typical drug lord . And Blow is not your typical drug-bust movie . This film neither glorifies nor criticizes drugs ; it simply shows you the rise and fall of a drug lord 's empire . Although it still condones the idea that `` if you deal drugs , it wo n't end well , '' you ca n't help but like George Jung , the main character.Based on a true story , Blow tells the story of George Jung , an American boy born into a middle-class family in the 70 's with dreams of breaking away from the blue-collar struggle . George , played by Johnny Depp , and his accomplice/best friend , Tuna , begin their adventure by smuggling large amounts of marijuana from the west coast to the east coast . After doing time for a bust in Chicago , George elevates his ambitions to smuggling cocaine into hijacked airplanes across the border of Mexico . In fact , he acted as an innovator by introducing America to Columbian cocaine . He became a legendary cocaine kingpin , climbing his way to the top . In his venture for fortune , Jung is faced with decisions that will inevitably result in his ruin.At the end of the movie , you are left to wonder if the protagonist , Jung , is a criminal or a hero ? Although Jung made poor decisions , and he must face the music , you 're left with the feeling of regret and sympathy for him . In many ways , Jung was simply trying to live the American dream-rising from poverty to fortune . Jung was a businessman , merely pushing a product that the era welcomed with open arms . To quote the real George Jung himself , `` I felt that there was nothing wrong with what I was doing because I was supplying a product to people that wanted it and it was accepted . '' It really makes you question the morality of Jung . The events that seemed the most `` wrong '' were not that of his drug trafficking , but that of his friends , partners , mother , and wife betraying him throughout his life . Drugs are peripheral in this movie . I feel that Jung lost himself in the wealth and power that the world of cocaine introduced him to . His ambitions blinded him from the important things in life , such as his daughter . He simply went too far . Perhaps it was not the drugs he was addicted to , but rather , the prosperity of his drug career.The supporting characters were complex and intriguing , making the film more real . George 's father , a hard-working and devoted man , stands by George in his ups and downs , despite the fact that he disagrees with his son 's career choice . George 's money-driven mother seems like no match for his father . The woman George eventually marries , Mirtha , is a replica of his mother . She is a crazed , money-hungry firecracker , responsible for one of his arrests . In fact , there is a scene in the movie where George and Mirtha are fighting in front of their daughter that mirrors that of a fight his parents had in front of him . His friends start out as likable characters . Tuna , his lifelong friend , remains true to George , but eventually fades into the wild lifestyle . Diego , Derek , and Pablo all seem like loyal partners at first , but they all eventually betray him . It is because of them that his final bust took place , putting him in prison for 60 years . These characters , especially Diego , are the type of conniving criminals who come to mind when you think of `` drug dealers , '' not Jung.At the end of the film , you are left to question the moral of the story . By portraying the life of George Jung is the filmmaker inadvertently saying , `` if you deal drugs , this is what happens ? '' It seems doubtful considering Ted Demme , the director , died of drug overdose shortly after his film was released . However , I think the old saying holds true for this movie . The bigger you are , the harder you fall . As Jung said , `` Sometimes you 're flush and sometimes you 're bust , and when you 're up , it 's never as good as it seems , and when you 're down , you never think you 'll be up again , but life goes on . ''
 `` Blow '' is based on the true story of George Jung -LRB- Johnny Depp in one of his best roles -RRB- , the loving son of a struggling businessman -LRB- Ray Liotta -RRB- who , as a child , upon seeing his family struggle to make ends meet and witnessing his mother 's -LRB- Rachel Griffiths -RRB- resentment for his father because of their low income , vows to never be poor . Thus ensues Jung 's descent into the world of drugs . He begins his three-decade rise and abrupt fall as a drug lord smuggling pot into the US in his early 20 's during the pot-crazed 60 's , which garners him an enormous amount of cash . After landing a lengthy jail sentence , he meets Diego Delgado -LRB- Jordi Moll&agrave; -RRB- in jail who introduces George to the far more profitable world of cocaine dealing . He soon shoots to the top of the game and his biggest problem becomes where to put all of his cash . It is said that if you used cocaine during the 70 's and 80 's , there 's an 85 % chance it came from Jung.Over the years he struggles with a crack-addicted wife -LRB- Pen&eacute;lope Cruz as you 've never seen her before -RRB- , the relationship with his young daughter , and maintaining his relationship with the only person who truly cares for him in the world , his father . Additionally , Jung is portrayed in a sympathetic light as a nice guy who just makes some bad decisions . Usually I disagree with this type of `` glamorization '' of criminals , but I feel that in Jung 's case it is truly deserved . `` Blow '' is not only the fascinating , pulse-pounding , and historically informative chronicle of the rise and fall of one of America 's most influential drug lords ; it also the exploration of some very deep personal connections , such as very deep father/son connection between George and his father . In addition , George 's love for his daughter , who ends up being the single thing motivating him to stay alive throughout his jail sentences , delivers a powerful emotional impact in the film 's final scenes . I also appreciated how director Ted Demme delicately showed us the parallels between George 's mother 's resentment for his father and George 's wife 's resentment for him after he loses most of his money as well as George 's struggle to be a good father just as his own father did.The final scenes of `` Blow '' are surprisingly moving , which ultimately distinguishes it from all of the other crime films out there .
 I 'll admit the only reason I originally wanted to see BLOW was because Johnny Depp is in it . I have been a fan of his for a long time . I think he is so underrated as an actor , and for those die hard fans of his -- this is worth a viewing . He is totally mind Blowing in this movie . Words can not describe how wonderful I truly think this performance is . If I could pick the Oscar winner for best actor this year , I 'd gladly give it to Depp.As far as the movie goes , this is a very fast paced , comedy/drama that has a lot of great music . It 's the story of George Jung , who was born and raised in Weymouth , Mass. . His parents dreams are shattered when he grows up to be a drug dealer . Jung did n't want to work a real job , so he got into drugs and selling them as a means to make money , good money.He is hardly a sympathetic character nor is he the greatest person in the world . He is n't a bad person either , I think.He made very bad choices with his life , and his priorities were totally out of whack . The film goes through his `` career '' of being a drug lord and pretty much starting the cocaine trade in the USA . It 's a very interesting and entertaining look into the seedy world of drugs . `` Peewee Herman '' aka Paul Reubens is also extremely good in this movie as one of George 's first drug dealing friends . This was a good role for him , and I think he did a great job.Rachel Griffiths -LRB- of most recently , Six feet under -RRB- and Ray Liotta play George 's Parents . I am from Massachusetts and to hear the Boston accent so poorly acted out by these two was excruiatingly painful . I like Griffiths , she is a good character actress . I 've never liked Liotta , he is just not a good actor at all in my opinion.BLOW is a good rental . It 's one of the best movie 's I 've seen this year , and has the best performance by a male lead .
 Johnny Depp was fantastic in this movie ! Easily the best drug-related movie I 've ever seen . The fact that it 's a true story , makes it even that much better ! If you have n't seen this movie yet , rent it as soon as possible , you 'll love it !
 This is a great movie , the only thing though they try to make you feel bad for a scum bag drug dealer . Do n't let them fool you , he broke the law
 Nice movie . Cool bluray . Sad ending though but original . But this is not a movie that you can watch over and over .
 An excellent piece of Depp cinema , the film itself is very catching . Certainly worth the time and money to acquire .
 this movie was based on a true story and I was shocked but also integged it got me thinking a lot about drugs and the whole society and trafficing of them and stuff that I never really thought about before . I say this is a grate movie and it should definintly be watched .
 I think that this movie has a great plot and just because it is primarily based on drugs people judge this movie completely the wrong way . I did give it five stars but that does n't mean its like the best movie I 've ever seen cause there is alot of movies that I would five stars to for what ever I think that they are great for but BLOW has a great messege and after reading a lot of other reviews I came to the conclusion that there are a lot of people who do n't know what their talking about .
 This product arrived on time , was delivered as described , and completely met my expectations . No surprises , just a product that is as you would expect .
 Very realistic and great acting . I recommed this movie . Johnny Depp and Penelope Cruz are really good together in this movie .
 Great movie . . based on a true story . It 's not just about drugs like u might think . It also shows the relationship George had with his father
 A GOOD JD MOVIEW . LOVE HIS CO-STAR . THEY WORK WELL TOGETHER . FULL OF DRAMA AND A GOOD STORY LINE . WOULD RECOMMEND , THOUGH I AM NOT FOND OF &#34; blow &#34; MYSELF .
 My niece has been looking all over for this DVD . When I found it I quickly bought it . She was just thrilled when she opened it at Christmas .
 Great , I enjoyed receiving it on time ... keep up the god work ... It came on time and as it was described
 Who does n't like a &#34; based on a true story &#34; movie ? George Jung played by Johnny Depp is a fascinating person and lead an interesting life ! And he 'll be released in 2014/2015 ... . go George !
 I love this movie . It 's always a good one . Every time I watch it I 'm like , I need to watch this more often .
 I like the movie Blow because it 's about two friends who move to California in the mid-1970 's . There they work with smugglers to establish the cocaine bussiness in America . I also like it because it 's based on a true story and Johnny Depp stars in it .
 all time fav movie love love love love love love love love love love it best movie ever made ya
 Blow is one of my all time favorite Johnny Depp movies!What an incredible story of the man who launched to cocaine revolution here in America.Penelope Cruz was spectacular as well as to look at -LRB- LOL -RRB- ! The supporting cast was phenomenal.If you have not seen this movie yet , I recommend you pop some popcorn , download and digest this entertaining true story !
 Blow is a top-notch film and pretty emotional as well . All characters perfectly fit and especially Ray Liotta is incredible . I can recommend to everybody .
 Johnny Depp , is amazing and transformative in this role . Love it ! Have seen it before ... but just HAD to revisit the experience !
 I do n't think you would be looking at this if you had n't seen the movie . It 's a great story about the highs and lows of a drug dealer . I loved the small part played by Pee wee hermen too ! I watch this movie again every few months .
 Not that glamorizing drug use or dealing is a good thing , this is a film which captures the ' 70 's scene quite nicely thank you very much . The true story of the exploits of George Jung creates an entertaining movie out of what must have been a dubious dicey life of this person.Johnny Depp is a brilliant character actor but I have never been impressed with him as a leading man . His performance here is kinda a exception . He shows how a basically good human being can get caught up in a whirlwind beyond his control . Greed , adventure , love and the love of the good life surface through the performance.Paul Reubens is adept at showing Derek Foreal as a real person behind the ruthless , powerful , gay facade.Again , never got off on Penelope Cruz , but she fit here and did a yeomanlike job.Each and every supporting performance is without peer.Rather like this motion picture .
 This is one of my all time favorite movies , great story line , I laughed and cried , classic movie , a must see
 This movie is awesome and makes any day better . This is a true story and I recommend that everyone see this once in their lifetime .
 Jonny has brought to us all that dared to watch , his naturally gifted talent to a very serious & true storyline that affected so many of us from back in the day .
 All my items came on time ... In regards to the movie I liked the story line . I was a little lost at first , but once it got started it really had me going . The ending is what really makes you say `` that was pretty good '' . Worth the buy . Do n't know how it got by without me knowing more about it .
 Everything about this movie was great ! The actors , story , directing , and everything else were excellent . This movie was a drama with many comedic and heartfelt moments . I recommend this movie to anyone with an open mind who wants to learn the interesting true story of George Jung .
 Good movie . Too bad it was n't filmed where the location was said to be , however .
 - BLOW-When I first watched blow I was blown away by the story line it 's just incredible . The man of gorge Jung who persuade happiness or though he thought . It shows how it is easy to get rich selling drugs . But theconsequences are permanent . I would encourage little kids to watch this and decide for them self `` do want two lives like this ? '' It 's true that money is not everything George Jung thought he had a perfect wife and the perfect life . But with selling there 's always twist and turns , it wouldof bin a lot worse for George Jung . George Jung did crash on burn but he did not stop there . He tried to make things better but at the end he was set up and went to jail for the last time , for a long time . It 's not easyto get away from cops ; they will always nail you for the big stuff . This is why I encourage for kids to watch this and see what kind of destruction the life of drug dealing can cause . The movie did paid respect to the chronology of George Jung 's career . George 's chronology is base on his life . The movie shows a lot of respect to George andeverything he did . It show respect to Jung 's fans , the movies he been on and the people he was with . Jung has respect for Blow and his cast members and the director . Once I saw Blow , when George was an undercover cop . He really got in his character and he does show a lot of respect forthe movie . George 's career might have some defining moments and significant events for his life and the movie .
 This film takes a great pleasure in depicting a mediocre criminal , a drug dealer actually , who considers himself a hero , a genius and maybe even a god on earth . His initial success he analyzes as his own and does not see it is the success of a system and when he fails it 's because he crossed a line somewhere
 Buy this movie if you want a good movie to watch . Simply put . Johnny Depp is awesome in this movie , he made me really believe that he was George Jung . This movie is a classic !
 So what makes a movie great is what I often ask myself and I ca n't put my finger on it but there is something in this movie that puts it in this category . I 'm not a huge fan of the subject material , or Johhny Depp for that matter , nor did I know a lot about the whole drug culture . It did n't matter though because this movie is unreal . It 's just plain cool . It is just so engaging that you are riveted from the time it starts to the moment it ends . Kind of surprised why this movie did not get better reviews because I honestly do n't see anything really wrong with it .
 It arrived in a timely manner in excellent condition . It was for a gift so very important . I would buy from here again .
 BLOW is surprising - I 'm not sure what I expected but what I got was a well thought out and well told story . Depp 's character -LRB- George Jung -RRB- was very believable and for once makeup aged the key character without making him look like he was wearing a wig and several pounds of latex on his face.The story showed interesting parallelisms between his parents life and relationship to those Jung grew into as he pursued a career of smuggling drugs and getting the US hooked on cocaine . Surprisingly I felt a strong emotional response to Depp 's character and the effect he had on his family whereas I did n't have a strong reaction to the drug scene perse.While covering a large and busy lifetime the movie never seemed to slow or stall rather it seemed move along at quite a pace - all 124 minutes of it.A few nights later we watched the Infinifilm version -LRB- the first one we 've actually watched -RRB- and I was impressed with the quality of the additional content and its integration.Depp did overshadow the other talented members of the cast but did n't detract from the movie - I can highly recommend BLOW to anyone that likes a good story telling that provokes emotional reactions while making you think about what you value in life .
 With all the accolades of 2000 going to `` Traffic '' , I was left with the usual disdain for an ignorant industry , public , and media . Then along came `` Blow . '' Despite the absence of the same slick production and large celebrity cameos -LRB- unless you consider Bobcat a major celeb -RRB- , this film is incredibly versimilar to the real characters and settings upon which it is based . The film 's basis is a major reason to praise it , it is not a moralistic attempt at presenting a pro/con , two-hour-exclusive on the world of drugs , it is the story of a real anti-hero . Of course it does not hurt that George Jung is portrayed by the finest actor of our time , Johnny Depp . But Depp is not the only one doing a stellar job , Ray Liotta and Paul Ruebens also turn out noteworthy performances and Penelope Cruz demonstrates much more talent here than in any of her other films . Top to bottom , `` Blow '' is well done and well performed , but the basis in the real story of George Jung is what distinguishes it from other movies made about illicit substance in the United States . A study of the real story presents an almost identical account to those shown in the film -LRB- check out the DVD for an even more in-depth depiction in the deleted scenes and a peek at the real story from the real George Jung -RRB- and this is critical in entertaining and provoking thought in anyone with the most elementary understanding of drugs in the United States . This film should and does stand on its own merits , but it is almost unavoidable to compare to `` Traffic '' , the Substance Abuse 101 as compared to this film marvel , which is more like a graduate course . `` Blow '' is worth a look as both a story and a commentary , perhaps even to those who are not interested in the subject that deals with one of the most important legal , social , economic , and international dilemnas that we face today .
 Version
 Forget `` Scarface . '' FOrget `` Traffic . '' This is the drug movie of choice . A real story without resorting to fake accents , chainsaws , or a scrambling camera . Depp shines in this movie . Cruz is mere window dressing , but still was effective in her role . The big suprise here is Paul Ruebens . See this movie and you will forget all about Pee Wee Herman . Great performances all around , great musical score , and a moral lesson at the end that did n't involve chainsaws , bloodshed or retribution . Excellent casting and a great time at the movies .
 I watched this movie a dozen times so far , and really enjoy it . Based in the 1970 's George Jung -LRB- Depp -RRB- and Tuna head out to California to find themselves in the thick of a drug infused environment . The two east coast guys find themselves in Derek Foreal 's eccentric salon discussing how they want to sell pot . Eventually George Jung becomes the name to buy from at that time and expands . He eventually is selling Coke to all the people of California in the late 70 's and becomes the king pin of coke in California . Based on a true story George Jung and Pablo Ecobar go through a lot of rough patches together after meeting in prison.I found this movie to be quite entertaining . The cast is very good and work very well together . This is one of my favorite movies because it is a funny and entertaining movie . The movie itself is has a good plot and has its ups and downs . All in all a very good movie and worth the money on BluRay .
 Based on the true story of the infamous drug dealer George Jung , or Boston George , casually depicted by Johnny Depp , this film shows the eras which lead up to the cocaine trafficking boom in the 1980 's . As every crime legacy goes , this film is complete with the absolute rise and fall of the legend . The unbelievable story of an entrepreneur consists largely of drugs , money and women as films of this caliber usually do . Filled with a really excellent soundtrack -LRB- one of the best of source music -RRB- to perfectly suit the film .
 I saw Blow -LRB- 2001 -RRB- in the theater when it came out and liked it . This movie stars the versatile Johnny Depp , who , in my opinion , is the best actor of our time . The guy can do anything . It also stars the stunning Penelope Cruz , Paul Reubens , and Ray Liotta , another versatile actor.The movie is based on a true story and is about the rise and fall of cocaine dealer George Jung -LRB- Johnny Depp -RRB- . He at one time was the biggest importer of Colombian cocaine to the U.S. His partner in crime was the extremely dangerous Pablo Escobar , the famous Colombian drug lord . In order to achieve his remarkable feats of importing cocaine undetected , Jung had to have great courage , confidence , and determination , which he did . He seemed to have TOO much confidence . He paid the price when he got caught . He gets out of prison and just repeats the very things that landed him in prison to begin with . The guy 's a total loser , one of those repeat offenders that does n't learn his lessons . His cocaine dealing dramatically affected the U.S. in that the supply of cocaine on the streets of the U.S. skyrocketed during the 1970s and 1980s . Ray Liotta -LRB- Unlawful Entry , Field Of Dreams , Article 99 -RRB- plays Jung 's father . Penelope Cruz -LRB- Vanilla Sky , Nine -RRB- plays Jung 's wife . Watching this movie will bring you back to the '70s and '80s . The clothing , cars , and overall society as it was back then are portrayed accurately . You 'll also hear some rock songs from that era.The acting is very good , especially by Depp and Cruz.This DVD contains excellent special features , some of which are : Beyond the Movie features : George Jung interviews by director Ted DemmeLost Paradise
 I really like this movie . I bought it on here a -LSB- Amazon.com -RSB- long , long time ago . The only thing you have to keep in mind is just because it is actually based on a true story & actual events does NOT mean it is an autobiography . In other words , there are of course going to be both added events & deleted ones as well . So , if you 're looking for more of a biography & / or autobiography my advice is to purchase the book . However , this is a good movie & if you can just go into it either not caring that it 's not a story told verbatim/word-for-word , or if you can separate the two , -LRB- book & movie -RRB- then , I really feel almost anyone will very much enjoy this movie . Besides , if you buy it on here you can purchase a used one for close to nothing , so if you end up to hating it then you at least you have n't lost much . I say go for it .
 this honey holds up to many repeat viewings thanks to all the usual reasons . great writing , direction , cinematography , editing and a very commited ensemble . the editorial write up nails it yet again . these things can be stated succinctly ya know ? do you get favorable feedback for articulating at great length what people already know ? evidently . go to town wordsmiths .
 this is def one of my favorite movies !! i love it . pure genius . great and captivating movie . i know it sounds cheesey . but this movie really is great . get it !!! i was really pleased w / the fast delivery too . THIS IS A MUST SEE and theres no doubt about it that this will become one of your top favs as well .
 Its easy to feel compassion for George Jung , and BLOW , certainly tries to stoke compassion , but the true quality of this movie is the way it tells a classic American tale about ambition and greed through an everyman , a small man . This is no hero , more a stooge of larger forces , like the Columbian gangs he introduced to American markets , and American law.Johnny Depp gives his character the raw edge , the off-center determination to succeed at all costs , but also poignancy . Only we never learn where his flair for ideas comes from . His dysfunctional family makes him human , but there is a dimension to his character that is missing . Is it just middle-class industriousness twisted into illegal ambition for lack of another outlet?Paul Rubens gives the movie some notoriety , but his role is not that pivotal , nor his role memorable . It is Depp , operating in his character 's mystery zone , that delivers and carries the whole effort . The story is the heart of the movie , and could perhaps have been more documentary and less personalized without losing its focus
 I love this movie its the best one I 've seen this year.Johnny Depp and Paul Reubens were great in it their both great actors I love them . I love Blow !!
 This film once again proves that johnny depp is a friggin ' awesome actor . Even though he plays one of the worst drug dealers ever , you still feel sorry for his character . Supporting acting is good , but his mother is annoying . Last , but not least , the soundtrack kicks ass . The Stones , and various other bitchin ' songs . To sum it all up
 `` Blow '' is amazing ! It 'll knock your sox off and rip your eyes out .
 This movie will keep you entertained from start to finish . Johnny Depp is mezmerizing and the rest of the cast is awesome
 My husband and I purchases this BluRay because neither one of us had seen it , and it got great reviews . I 'm so glad that we did ! The BluRay transfer is awesome , so it was a beautiful picture . Also , the movie itself is very moving and entertaining !
 This was one of the best performances I have seen by Johnny Depp . It showed the in depth view of the cocaine industry and just how powerful the King of Coke really was -LRB- Escobar -RRB- . I 'm really surprised that George Jung did n't get sent to prison more often . All in all I would recommend this movie to anyone that wanted to know more about not only the cocaine industry but the life and wild times of George Jung .
 Johnny Depp did a great job of portraying the character in the story . I do n't know if everything was written accurately according to the real life of the man , but the movie is entertaining . You are really able to empathize with the characters , and even though he is a drug dealer , you want to see him succeed because you really grow to feel for him .
 Very good movie . Kept me riveted to the end . Both Depp & Cruz are great in this film .
 The movie Blow is based on the story of George Jung , who played a major role in the United States cocaine trade . Certainly , the movie authentically represents the cocaine trade , and the people that Jung dealt with , but it was not as loyal to the portrayal of Jung 's emotional side -LRB- i.e. his obsession with women and sex , his strange habits , and his total pleasure seeking life style -RRB- . Instead , Johnny Depp portrayed the role of a good hearted man with good values who got into the business as a result of being mistreated by life events . I could n't help but bonding with , and relating to this supposedly bad character.Regardless of how faithful the movie depicted real life characters , I know that the moral lesson of crime and punishment was delivered through a wonderful touching acting of the entire cast.Johnny Depp and Ray Loitta delivered an amazing performance . The scene of the old father listening to a tape of his son 's voice is one of the most powerful scenes I 've ever seen . The love Jung has for his daughter and his suffering because of his absence from her life was very credibly delivered by Depp and little Emma RobertsThe final scene with Depp 's introspection is very touching ; I still remember his voice saying : `` Through out my life , I gave pieces of my heart to people I loved , that I do n't have enough of my heart to keep me living '' . I watched this movie at least 10 times since 2001 and I know it will remain one of my heart 's dearest movies . Today , I made the surprising discovery on Wikipedia that Kristina Sunshine actually visited her father in jail after watching this movie . Now that the man is paying for his mistakes , it 's really good to know that his daughter has decided to visit him before he dies .
 `` Blow '' is basically a glorification of the drug trade . Principles are shown in a glamorous light throughout most of the movie . They get all the girls and are awash in money . Even after they are arrested and confined to prison their only real crime portrayed is the loss of family life and strained relations with parents . In prison George Jung is portrayed as a counter culture icon , a wronged , flawed hero . The negative effects of the drugs upon the society as a whole are never broached . The killings , the crime , the destroyed lives , the waste are not examined . It is truly a movie about our times . A valuable movie to watch to see what has happened to our moral compass . It is another Hollywood view of the state of the union .
 Another fantastic performance by Johnny Depp . This is definately a true drug story and its amazing to see the rise and plummet of an adorable man ! You have got to watch this movie !
 The story is interesting and engaging from the beginning till the end.It 's a very good life lesson based on a true story . It showed a `` big '' drug dealer can make tons of money . However it also shows crime does not pay and there is no honor among thieves . They set up each other . They stole from each other , etc.It 's absolutely worth viewing .
 The movie is one of my favorites but in the bonus features I would have liked to hear more of George Jung 's thoughts and stories .
 the DVD was not in great condition . started skipping after a few times of watching it . but it arrived in good condition , fast shipping , and overall good transaction .
 Brilliant visual portrayal of George Jung 's amazing life . Johnny Depp is great , Penelope Cruz hot and great , however the dark horse in this film is definitely Ray Liotta who plays the father . Makes any kid almost wish that if they had to choose anyone else to be their dad it would certainly be him!Highly recommended
 Great film about one of the biggest drug dealers in the USA ! for some reason throughout this film i started to film sorry for this guy even though I should n't have ! This film is about this guy who started small and ended up big ... he keeps on getting busted but does n't learn ! This film is an excelent and i recommend everyone to watch it !!! Great film !!!
 This movie was exact to the true story and had a killer cast . Depp and Cruz were amazing and very convincing ! This movie had me really pulling for Jung and heartbroken about his fate . The extra features on this DVD were wonderful and made this story even more entertaining . I loved it !
 I got this DVD for Christmas . It 's two days later , and I 've already watched it three times , including the infinifilm inserts . I 'm a big fan of Johnny Depp , but that 's not it . I love the music , but that 's not it . And I 'm no big fan of cocaine.I like the movie because it does not glorify , nor does it condemn , drug use per se . In many ways it just is , and has been , for a very long time . It has a lot to do with the ` market ' that exists , and that has been exploited for the money.I loved Jung 's relationship with his father , as it was portrayed . His father did not understand what he was doing , but did not judge him . It was clear to me that , at least as the story was told in the movie , Jung was trying to make enough money to keep the women in his life happy , having experienced recurring abandonment by his mother over the issue of money . Drugs are , if nothing else , about money and power . Just ask anyone in the government who will tell you.I also liked the awareness I got about the drug economy in Colombia , a basically poor country without the economy of drugs . Dig a little deeper , though you wo n't find the information in this movie , and you will know why . My country creates these economies , and then exploits them . Why ? For money and power . This is supposed to be a democracy , but nobody asked me . I would have voted against anything like that . Lots of people would , if they understood it.At a time when the cocaine explosion took off , there was a great deal of support for it . Without that support , it would not have happened . It then got corrupted , but you would have to read the book * Barry and the Boys * to see how that happened.Still and all , though , I liked the message of the movie . There is money and power in the industry , but it costs a lot more than it is worth , depending on what you value . It 's a powerful movie , though perhaps not for everyone.I particularly liked the cameo appearance by Bobcat Goldthwaite . I did n't even recognize him until the third time around . He does n't look good . But then , in the movie , he was n't supposed to .
 This film had a very realistic feel to it , in terms of feeling as if you are actually witnessing the fall of George Jung . The very human side of Jung was portrayed as well , enabling the viewer to decide whether they wanted to really hate him as much as they think they would loathe a typical dope pusher , or to feel some empathy for how far he sunk into his world of coke and pot dealing , at the cost of his relationship with family and his freedom . All in all , an excellent , realistic portrayal of the risky , dark , and depressing world of drug dealing .
 this film concentrates on the life of George jung who became the larest importer of columbian cocaine in american history . the film throughout is very stylish and thought provoking . the film follows the life of george jung as he rises through the drug business eventually becomming pabloescobars Main Man . Although the film has many good parts however , it is overall let down by its lack of action and can get alittle boring . to say it tells the story of one of the most notorious drug lords of the 20th century there isnt enough goin on to warrent the 2 hours plus that the movie lasts.instead of being a narcotic adventure the film feels ke more of a dope opera which i didnt expect . Apart from that this is an entertaining film that is extremely welldirected and well polished . its a good film and there is no argument about hat , however dont expect blow to get you high .
 The movie is not necessarily what I expected from the previews-but it rocked . As an added bonus , the good guy -LRB- if that is what you can call George Jung -RRB- did n't win , which always causes a thumbs up .
 This was a good movie showing a small part of the history of the drug trade in America . I was expecting more action , i.e. shoot outs , ext. . Even without the action I thought this movie was still very enjoyable .
 loved the movie ! Johnny Depp is fabulous and keeps you onthe edge of your seat . Music is awesome !
 Great movie . Johnny Depp is awesome . If you liked Boogie Nights you 'll like this movie .
 Blow is an amazing film about George Jung a drug deal who just ca n't seem to stay away from jail . Despite his efforts , he always seems to go back . Blow is an excellent film about one man 's fight with reality and the harsh punishments of crime .
 This is a great movie , based on a true story . The performances here are top notch , starting with Johnny Depp . Penelope Cruz does a great job as well , and Ray Liotta is brilliant . This is based on a true story of how cocaine became mainstream , and I like the fact that they did n't glorify it too much , and showed the pitfalls of living a life on drugs . Definitely one to buy on DVD .
 I checked the program guide , and saw that BLOW starring johnny depp and peleope cruz , only got 2 stars from critics and i know why . Because they dont want to make it sound like George Blung was some kind of a hero . But it deserved at least 3 stars , because of the excellent acting , and cast , and the way the biopic was written captured the sadness of the true story , and focused on what drugs do to a person 's life , and how drug dealig is a path you never want to go down . I think that this guy was n't a bad guy , and the only reason he got a harsh sentence in the end is because of the 3 strikes you 're out . After being in and out of jail he continued to pursue his drug dealing `` career '' because in a way it 's as addicting as drugs can be . And that 's all he knew . After stopping the `` business '' he only went back to get money for his daughter , so he can see her and take her to california because that was the agreement he made with mirtha his ex wife . So the ending to me was very sad . And i dont understand why he said at the end that he would do it all over again if he had a second chance , that did defeat alot of things that the movie had suceededly made clear about that kind of life will never end with anything good . It 's like stealing , it gets addicting after the first time you get away with it . Getting caught , the possibility , gives you a rush of adrealine . Like drug dealing , getting all that money . I mean come on george had 60 million bucks , and he still kept at it , and didnt want his partner to have his california connection source . It 's the addiction of the drug dealing . It had to take him getting beat up and betrayed by his partner , to realize he should stop , and then he went broke , and wanted to do one final retirement score , and that happened to be THE bust , and sting set up by the fbi . But anyways , i think depp was fantastic in this film , and it 's very entertaining i especially liked the cuban guy , who was depp 's drug dealing partner . What a great great actor he is , and who could forget pee wee herman , hehe . Also did an excellent job . And last but not least , penelope cruz who is so beautiful and such a great actress did her part well as usual . Have you noticed the wives always go crazy in these kind of films , like in casino sharon stone went nuts too . hehe .
 What George Jung did was illegal . But why George Jung did it , is really and truly an inspiration!George Jung vowed never to be poor , and he would do whatever it took to make sure that he -LRB- and eventually his family -RRB- had the best life they possibly could . Sadly , Jung suffered the consequences after being caught , and ineveitably lost more than his money and freedom . It is this that makes the story of George Jung so riveting and true to the heart.He did what every red-blooded American wanted to do , make money without really having to work to make it . Is there anything wrong with that ? No . Dis he get caught ? Yes . Was he man enough to stand there and take the punishment ? Absolutely . Jung may have sacrificed quite a bit , but he did it all , not for him , but for his family ; for his daughter . For that alone , George Jung is really an American hero.Johnny Depp has always been my favorite actor , because of his versatility and ability to make you believe that he `` is '' the character . No surprise here that Depp puts on a stunning portrayel of Jung ! Also , I 'm really not a fan of Paul Ruebens , but his character Derek was amazingly funny , as well as true.The rest of the cast was also just as solid . Ray Liotta , Rachel Griffiths , and of course Penelope Cruz , all do wonderful and spot-on jobs as their characters ! The directing in this film is also a top-notch acheivement and stands alone as a historical mark.This film ranks right up there with `` Goodfellas '' for me as one to become -LRB- or may already be -RRB- a classic ! I urge anyone to at least rent this movie , and see why -LRB- I believe -RRB- George Jung is a great man !
 If you like Johnny Depp , and if you like cocaine , then you will love this movie . Even if you 've never done drugs before , this film will get you pumped up and make you want to become a drug kingpin .
 This movie was excellent ! Even though I was not alive during this time period of George Jung 's peak of sucess I feel as if i could tell anyone who asks about the Coloumbian - American drug trade or at least the George Jung part . the most interesting fact about the movie is that in the 80 's if you bought cocaine there was an 85 % chance that it came from George Jung and Derek Foreel.-i think that is how u spell it . this movie is such a good movie but if i saw this movie 2 years ago when i was 13 i would never of understood many instances of the movie . THIS IS A MOVIE THAT YOU CAN WATCH OVER AND OVER AGAIN !
 This movie was excellent ! Even though I was not alive during this time period of George Jung 's peak of sucess I feel as if i could tell anyone who asks about the Coloumbian - American drug trade or at least the George Jung part . the most interesting fact about the movie is that in the 80 's if you bought cocaine there was an 85 % chance that it came from George Jung and Derek Foreel.-i think that is how u spell it . this movie is such a good movie but if i saw this movie last year when i was 13 i would never of understood many instances of the movie . THIS IS A MOVIE THAT YOU CAN WATCH OVER AND OVER AGAIN !
 Thank you Mr. Depp for another outstanding performance . You were nearly unrecognisable as George , I appluade you for that . I was into the story for the whole time . The smile never left my face til the bittersweet ending .
 BLOW , is a fantastic movie on all counts . Director Ted Demme who sadly passed away shortly after filming was completed painted a real and all too scary account of of a man who scored big and made millions as one of the biggest cocaine dealers in the 70 's but like everthing that is illegal crashed and burned in a spectacular and sad way . BLOW , is the true story of George Jung who as a young boy watched as his parents fought over money and lived O.K. but nothing out of the ordinary . One day when his father lost his job and had to file for bankruptcy young George said to his father that he `` never wanted to be poor '' to which his father responded `` than you wo n't '' . Jung , wanted a lot of money and he wanted fast without going thru the trials and tribulations of getting a real `` decent '' job and settle for a less than ordinary life . This film is excellent but a little tough to watch especially as Jung 's life and glitzly world of money and coke spirals out of control and worst of all gets turned over to the police by those he thought were his friends . Johnny Depp is the main reason to see this movie , here he gives his greatest performance yet and he is compelling as he is beliveable as Jung . You sometimes feel sorry for him , you know that he 's done wrong but thru it all he is really not a bad guy just got caught up in a life that moves too fast and too dangerous . Depp , again will leave you spellbound and it proves that he is not just another pretty face by Hollywood standards but an intense and gifted actor who is also extremely versatile . This film is great and I highly recommended .
 `` Blow '' is a very good biopic on the life of cocaine kingpin George Jung -LRB- Johnny Depp -RRB- who rose to prominence in the 1980 's as one of the largest cocaine traffickers in the United States . The story is an interesting character study of Jung , who started selling marijuana to pay some bills and found that demand continued to outpace his ability to supply until he had built a cocaine empire.In an interview from prison included on the DVD , Jung states that the story was very true to actual events and that in certain cases it was like a flashback . Jung appears from this interview to be a hapless soul who was willingly swept along by a riptide of forces that were beyond his sway , which is exactly how Depp portrayed him.Johnny Depp is an excellent character actor who relishes playing odd and offbeat characters . In this film he gives one of his best and most nuanced performances with a clear understanding of the motivations and circumstances that spun Jung out of control . He plays Jung with naivet&eacute; rather than giving him the sinister character that one might expect from a drug lord . After having seen the interview with the real Jung it seems Depp was right on target.Penelope Cruz also expands her horizons , shedding her normally sweet persona to take on the part of Jung 's shrewish , drug addicted wife . Cruz plays the part with great force and emotion , like a woman possessed . It is a fantastic portrayal of a bitter , self centered woman with a drug problem.Paul Reubens continues his comeback from the ill fated Pee-wee Herman days with a solid portrayal of Derek , the double dealing hair dresser who becomes Jung 's primary distributor . Rachel Griffiths and Ray Liotta also give fine performances as Jung 's clueless parents.This character study is well written and sympathetically presented by director Ted Demme . I rated it an 8/10 . It contains standout performances by both Depp and Cruz and is well worth seeing .
 This is a solid drama and action movie . What makes it unique is that it is based on a true story . The music is incredible and just makes this a wonderful drama and action film ! The music makes you re-live the 60 's and 70 's . Johny Depp is outstanding . Absolutely wonderful extras on this DVD , including an excellent documentary on Colmbia and COCAINE . This movie carries a wide variety of emotions . You 'll be sure to be moved.As entertaining as this movie is , it just goes to show how that drugs and self destruction go hand in hand . Blow definitely exceeded my expectations .
 When I saw the trailer , I expected the film to track off course in the beauties that linger in the drug world -LRB- excessive sex , money , fame & future -RRB- . Having read the book by Bruce Porter * -LRB- higly recommended -RRB- , I was disappointed how it did n't dive into the inner workings of the drug world . It kind of tapped along the edges and sometimes threw a little stereo-typical outlook on these illegal workings . However , the movie was extremely strong on ethics and morals . Johnny Depp gives a great performance while Ray Liotta swallowed the scenes with his stoic character . Penelope Cruz did n't and never has impressed me much . With her consistent portrayal of an average `` Latina-chick '' she has yet to crack through the envelope of being more than a person with an accent . She has yet to take scenes and have a presense . But she did n't ruin the movie by any means and for that the movie holds a pretty credible foundation . Now , The book did n't go deep enough into George Jung 's feelings on matters . As for Demme 's film , I do not know if his feelings are accurate , or just an artificially Hollywood-created personality but by the end I kind of felt sorry for him . Regardless of the drugs and deaths involved . And regardless to the drug wave that he helped sweep into this country . The movie , when all else is peeled and analyzed portrays a business man trying to support his family ; trying to desperately fight off his father 's predicament and he would 've succeeded if he just knew when to quit .
 Blow portrays the life and times of one George Jung , a real-life drug dealer currently serving a long prison sentence and not eligible for parole until 2015 . Ted Demme presents Jung 's life as a series of montages , growing up in Massashusetts son of a hard-working man and a shrewish wife , moving to California with a childhood friend and becoming immersed in the marijuana trade , serving a stint in jail and meeting a Columbian who introduces him to cocaine , working his way up in Pablo Escobar 's Medellin cartel and making more money than he can spend , betrayal by his colleagues and leaving the business , busted again with large amounts of cocaine in his house during his 38th birthday party , out of jail making amends with his daughter , doing one last job so he can retire to California with his daughter , getting busted yet again and sentenced to 60 years . It 's hard to tell how much of the stroy is real and how much is a product of George Jung 's imagination , but in the end Demme had no choice but to trust Jung 's portrayal of his life . To Demme 's credit -LRB- and maybe Jung 's -RRB- the movie does n't deify Jung 's life . He made his decisions for whatever reasons good or bad . We can guess what his motivations were , and decide whatever we want to about his decisions . In the end , Jung 's life is yet another largely wasted by drugs . Whatever your opinions are on drugs , this movie 's portrayal of Jung 's life is largely neutral on the political questions . That 's one reason I rate it so highly . It does n't glamorize drugs , nor does it make any judgements on the penalties that Jung ends up getting because of his involvement in the drug trade.George Jung is played masterfully by Johnny Depp . Is there any question who is the best actor of his generation ? Depp is brilliant in this movie . Ray Liotta is superb as Depp 's father as well . The rest of the cast was good except for Penelope Cruz 's incoherent portrayal of George Jung 's drug addled wife.The movie covers a lot of ground and lacks some of the detail you might expect because of it . But it 's a well made , thoughtful and haunting movie that will stick with me for awhile.I definitely recommend this one if you are looking for something a little different than your average Hollywood fare .
 When I think of Ray Liotta , I think of the smiling Henry from Goodfellas . I think of a guy with a life full of youth no matter how old he is . In Blow , Liotta plays father to a kid -LRB- Johnny Depp -RRB- `` George '' and husband to a nagging wife . Liotta played his character with a lot of conviction . It was sad to see an old man listening to a tape recorded by his son . It was also sad to see him play his role as well as he did . To his son , he 's the strongest man on earth . His character was extremely well painted & I do n't think they could have possibly done any more justice to him.When I would think of Depp , I would think of Edwards Scissorhands.He plays George in this movie and almost every scene in Blow revolves around him . I must say I liked his introduction to the film.This movie is about a kid who grows up watching his mom leave his dad every now and then . They would quarell over money matters and he wished at that time he never was like them . He also decides to never be poor no matter what may come his way.I never thought Penelope Cruz -LRB- was almost in love with her -RRB- could play the role of a whiny wife as well as she did in Blow . She was good as she managed to make me grind my teeth each time she spoke harshly to George Jung in the prison . I also liked the fiance stealing scenes.Some of the high points of the movie came towards the end . Most films like to conclude with an endnig of dire sorts . Blow has a tragic yet believable ending . Depp became what he hates and it 's quite amusing to see him realise at the same time he 's lived the life of a man who 's ambitions exceed his talent . Yes , I thought the film was about Cocaine but no ! it 's about the wrong steps a man takes in his life.Another heartbreaking scene was Depp acknowledging the fact that his dad -LRB- Liotta -RRB- was always right at the age of 42 . Money is nothing.Pardon me for the random takes but it 's not easy writing a review for Blow . It made me smile and it made me sad but on the whole it was a bit of a lesson in it 's own way . Blow had a good ending -LRB- appropriate -RRB- I would recommend Blow to everyone who does n't like over mushy endings and for those to whom reality matters.Excellent direction and good screenplay.Enjoy whatever works for you , reader.PS - Wonder what doing blow actually feels like : P
 I just saw this and wish I had much earlier . Depp is amazing and the director does an awesome job .
 For the movie Blow , the old saying holds true
 Blow is based on the true life of George Jung . He is the man that claims to have smuggled 85 % of the cocaine that was in america during the late 70 's and early 80 's . He had millions upon millions of dollars , and yet was never really happy.There are few movies that get me as emotionally connected to the characters as this movie did . I knew from the beginning that , after earning tons of money from drug smuggling , he was going to fall hard.The movie takes a unexpected turn towards the middle , where instead of the fun partying , or negotiating with columbian drug lords , it is more about his relationship with his daughter , and his relationship with his father.The story is interesting , Johnny Depp plays this character with more emotion than I have seen him play in any other movie , and it is well directed and moving .
 Rarely has one actor put on display such talent and nuance.Simply put , along with a handful of todays actors , Mr Depp shines brightest . Since there are so many reviews of '' Blow '' it is really senseless to add any more anecdotes , overviews or anything else but to say . . Johnny Depp gives me a reason for going out to a movie . . something I rarely do . Depp has it all ... deliverey , Facial expressions , charisma , nuance and everything else that makes a great actor.I am just waiting for another film with Depp in it because I will have to travel to the theater and see it !! Bravo !
 Blow is a story about the biggest drug dealer on the West Coast , George Jung . It takes place in the 70 's and early 80 's and Jung is played by Johnny Deep.There are several aspects to this film that make it great .1 . No matter how hard he tries George Jung can never get the approval of his parents , because he is making money illegally .2 . The more money Mr. Jung makes , it never seems that he is happy with his life .3 . When the characters start using drugs more frequently , you see them start to look worse and worse because of this .4 . No matter who he considers a friend , there are no friends in the drug business and George finds this out the hard way . When he is in jail the first time he forms a partnership with Diego , who has ties in Colombia and wants to move Coke . His other buddy Derek -LRB- Paul Reubens -RRB- helped George when he was dealing Pot , also gets involved because he helped George move 50 kilos -LRB- 110 lbs -RRB- of coke in little over one day . Diego then decides to hook up with Derek and together fade out George , they basically cut out the middle man . His two friends stab him in the back and this is when he decides he is out .5 . One of his old buddies is part of a crew he works with towards the end , so he can have one last score and start a new life in Cali with his daughter . Little does he know that he will get stabbed in the back again because the crew is paid off by the FBI and DEA and bring George down for good!Those are just some of the things , but there is plenty more in this movie especially his wife Mirtha -LRB- Penelope Cruz -RRB- who sets him up as well . You owe it to yourself to watch this movie at least twice and then buy because it is that good !
 Wow ! Not that I am surprised that this is a great movie , I mean it has Johnny Depp -LRB- a very unrated actor in my opinion -RRB- . This movie is not only about drugs , money , and sex ... it is about soul and emotion , trying to love and take care of your friends and family ... even if it is considered to be corrupt . I am not saying that George Jung was a hero ... he just hated poverty more than he hated sin ... and this movie does portray him as likeable ... Johnny Depp does a wonderful job , in transceding what the character is feeling ... and who is to judge that this is all so terribly wrong ... I bet if one , dug into what the US government and CIA has done and still does ... it would not be that much different than a drug cartel .
 `` Blow '' is the kind of movie about drugs I can respect in one sense
 How can anyone not give this movie 5 stars . I do n't even do coke and this is definetly on my top 3 movies list . Probably tied for first with Office Space -LRB- which I highly recommend -RRB- . The movie has Johnny Depp , Yet another reason why it is a frickin great movie . If you have n't seen this movie watch it ! If you have n't bought this movie , BUY IT ! I bought the movie without seeing it and I do n't think I 've never been so hapy with a purchase . P > Peace nigs
 This movie is excellent ! Everything from the acting to the storyline ! It truly deserves an Academy , atleast a nomination ! Anyone who enjoyed movies like
 I ca n't BELIEVE anyone could put down this movie ! First of all , it 's a TRUE story about the famous criminal George Jung who quoted something like `` I saw Johnny Depp become SO MUCH like me , it was scary '' ! Johhny Depp did an EXCELLENT performance , he is an excellent actor , so is Ray Liotta -LRB- who plays his Dad , and Ray is only 7 and 1/2 yrs older than Johnny in real life , but this movie goes over a 25 + yr . time span -RRB- ! It was refreshing to see Ray Liotta in a `` Non-Violent role ! lol ! The first movie I saw with Penelope Cruz , and she was good.I DO NOT see this movie as GLORIFYING crime ! Neither do my friends , we see the TRUTH in this , that CRIME DOES N'T PAY ! George could have changed , but he was obsessed with living on the edge . This movie is a GREAT influence for those FOOLS out there who are selling drugs thinking `` I 'm careful , it will never happen to me '' . OR `` I wo n't get cought , because I do n't use drugs , I 'm careful , I just sell them '' -LRB- remember Ray Liotta in GOODFELLOWS getting busted for coke ? I recommend that movie also , good mafia movie , lots of famous stars & funny -RRB- . This movie also teaches you , that when it comes to the people you THINK are your friends , who also sell drugs , are NOT really your friends ! -LRB- no , I never sold them ! you 'll see in the movie what I mean -RRB- . Everyone drug dealer is out to save their own self from jail ! This movie is worth watching way more than once . You 'll see how George lost MORE than his freedom , mansion , wife , and fancy cars , in the end of the movie . Theres good classic rock music in this movie too , plenty of action and suspence !!! Worth Buying !
 I always loved this movie and I love it even more on Blu Ray . Disc came as promised and no scratches at all !!
 loved it , it was a great price and came very quickly . You all always got what I want and need ... thanks
 I loved the movie , the service was speedy , which I liked , and I 'm a happy person ! This movie has become my favorite movie of all time and I have amazon to thank for that !!
 Johnny Depp is THE total package . He is an acting GOD that can tackle any , and i mean any role that you throw at him . He is smart , articulate and humorous . And he is amazingly good-looking . It doesnt get much better than that . He was excellent in this movie . I think this role and his Donnie Brosco role were his two best career roles . Why this man doesnt have a mantel full of Oscars is a crime . LOVE YOU JOHNNY !! : - D
 Johnny Depp is excellent playing dope-dealer George Jung who despite making millions of dollars ended up penniless and in a Federal prison until 2015 , plus was abandoned by his wife and daughter . While the script does n't portray George as a hero it constantly distorts the truth . For example , early in the film , after George is busted in Chicago with 660 pounds of marijuana , he skips bail supposedly to be with his then girlfriend who allegedly was dying of cancer according to the film . Complete hogwash
 This movie is awesome ! The actors and actresses are awesome ! The story is awesome too ! I highly recommend this movie !!
 I 've watched this film a dozen times before . Great acting , great writing , great imagery . I can never watch the ending though , because it 's just too sad for me .
 I know it 's been a few years since I ordered it but , still this movie came in perfect condition and within the time frame that we expected . My husband LOVES this movie .
 depp is my favorite actor . of all time . hands down . with a cherry on top.this movie is one of the reasons why . his roles that he plays are just so superb it resonates on a level that hollywood very rarely gets to hear.its johnny depp and drugs . WATCH IT !!!!
 I just saw this movie last night when it was aired on television . I was really amazed by how incredible the movie was . The movie tells the life of George Jung who took a vow when he was a little boy to never be poor and in his adult maybe took that a little too far . When George grew up he moved to California where he was first introduced to marijuana , and started dealing that . He was later introduced to cocaine and became the biggest drug lord this country has ever seen - he mentions in the movie that if you snorted coke in the late 70 's there was an 85 % chance you snorted his coke . Anyway the movie tells the story of his life with that . Johnny Depp gave an unbelievable performance as he always does and the script has the right combination of heartfelt moments , drama and humor for a film like this.I also think that this film is so great because it shows what the drug life is really like . Sure George made 3 million dollars everytime he brough cocaine across the border but look at him at the end of the movie . -LRB- and girls - if it turns out that you dont like it , which i doubt will happen , you can just stare at johnny depp the entire time -RRB-
 This true story was so richly done and the acting was terrific ! At the end of it , you 're actually feeling bad for the main character . Johnny Depp and Penelope Cruz gave outstanding performances . It really takes you inside the world of drug lords and drug dealers . Somehow you end up with compassion for this person and feel sad at how things turned out for him . It was really a great film and one I would recommend .
 This is a really good movie . I did n't like Johnny Depp , but after is saw this movie I am convinced of his great acting qualities ! They movie is overall really interesting and a lot of fun to watch it . It makes somebody wan na do the same he did , but it 's not realistic today . Still great entertainment !
 Blow , a Film directed by Ted Demme premiered in 2001 in all theaters . The movie staring Johnny Depp and Penelope Cruz who are both great actors made this movie a success . This movie was based on a true-life story of George Jung and how he became successful over night.George Jung was a notorious drug dealer in America . In fact George makes connections with drug lord Pablo Esbar . Esbar was a Columbia drug lord , he is said to be the most dangerous drug dealer ever . George and Esbar are both millionaires when it came to the drug game.The movie talks about George at a younger age . Georges ' father had his own successful construction company . When business was slow for his father , Georges ' dad filed for bankruptcy . George Jung at that point decided as a young child , that he always wanted to have money.George Jung started selling Pot which later turn into him selling Cocaine . He transported Cocaine from Columbia to Holly Wood , California . Blow is a interesting an educational movie . What I mean by educational is it shows you ups and downs of the drug game . The most interesting thing about this movie is trying to figure out weather or not , if George would get caught by the law from selling drugs.If you have n't seen this film on DVD then now is the time to see it . I gave Blow two thumbs up and so will you .
 This is a great film ... first of all as far as historical accuracy this film nails it where it counts . I.e. the names of cartels and dealers within the U.S. are totally accurate . 2nd the film is brilliant because it shows the highs and lows of making money illegally . Whether the dude from boston who gave this one star knows it or not ... if the right things had happened to him ... he could be a George Jung himself . P.S. to the dude in boston , hope they get that whole drinking water situation fixed up there ... its really affecting your mental health .
 When this movie started and Johnny Depp was using the voice over to introduce the audience to his childhood and Ray Liotta pops out of frikkin ' nowhere it reminded me of that same Goodfellas drive that this movie offers . Do n't confuse yourself with what I say , this movie is definitely not as close as good to Goodfellas but if has a decent story line of the life of the first man to bring cocaine into the u.s. -LRB- yeah right ! -RRB- to deal it . This movie has a good cast and I do n't really mind that they -LSB- copied -RSB- the same narrative structure from Goodfellas , I thought the movie was decent and was good at portraying the life of a drug dealer . If your into movies about crime and trying to achieve the ` impossible ' then this is definitely worth a look !
 `` Blow '' is neither the most innovative or well made movie about a the ups and downs of being a drug lord , but it succeeds as a docudrama about a drug dealer who 's short lived success hardly made up for all the wrong choices he made . Johnny Depp , as usual , has the art of character acting down to a fine art.Depp plays George Jung , an ambitious kid who became a drug czar in America in the 1970 's and 1980 's . He came from a working class background where his father -LRB- Ray Liotta -RRB- worked like a slave to support the family . The catalyst was when his father filed for bankruptcy , and there Geroge vowed never to live in poverty . He moved to California , made connections , including a flamboyant hairdresser -LRB- Paul Reubens , in a standout role -RRB- , and started the drug trend in America that `` exploded like an atomic bomb '' . The movie has it 's share of ups and downs , and George learns that maybe drug dealing is n't a wise career choice . He only learns this through a series of betrayls and blunders . `` Blow '' is directed in a retro style similar to that of `` Boogie Nights '' . The wild music , the over-the-top acting and characterization , and the stylish dialogue . While heavily dramatized , `` Blow '' is based on a true story , and according to the real Geroge Jung , was pretty accurate . Johnny Depp and Penelope Cruz both excell themselves in their excellent performances . Ted Demme , who died after `` Blow '' was released , did an excellent job . He was definitely a rising star in the Director 's Guild.The Infinifilm DVD package is a must own . The entertaining movie aside , it is crammed with extra features which are just as entertaining as the film . It has the usual featurettes , plus the examination of the story behind the movie . It shows the real George Jung , and the director 's commentary is very insightful . In short , `` Blow '' is a fun and wild movie worth repeated viewings .
 This is an excellent movie in many respects . The perspective is certainly original
 Blow is one of those movies you watch twice at the movies , and the buy the DVD . Its one of those movies that has that `` it '' that makes you feel good about paying to watch it -LRB- and about paying to buy the DVD -RRB- . The whole story is great and the script is very , very well developed ; fast-paced but never loosing its sense of order ; the lessons it teaches about life and about destiny will impact you , mostly because of the great acting by Depp and Liotta ; and the movies follows itself throughout with good music and greatly created scenes . `` BLOW '' is by far one of the best movies in recent memories , and its actors , screenplay , and storyline make it what it is .
 If you want to see a movie about the drug scene go see Blow . This movie should have gotten all the rewards instead of Traffic . -LSB- ... -RSB- It 's a true story and it shows how marijuana and cocaine gets into this country . From the growers , drug trafficers and then the distributors . The only thing that disappointed me was Penelope Cruz . She 's a beautiful lady but she 's that great of an actress . But I strongly recommend this movie if you want to know how the drug trade works .
 Great movie . One of the best true stories related to the drug world I have ever seen . Johnny Depp was awesome . Penelope Cruz was great . I thought the white dvd case was a good touch since the movie is about George Jung and his pushing of cocaine
 I just picked this up and saw it for the second time . I put it on my list due to my coming across an interview with George Jung in a book on the Drug War . Really , I 'm surprised more people did n't love this one . How many more winning attributes can a film possess ? It 's based a true story about famous people with tons of action and great characters . Depp , of course , was superb , but Jordi Malla as Diego -LRB- really Carlos Lehder -RRB- is almost as good . The scenes of Escobar stood out as well . I would place this one in my second tier of mafia/action movies .
 legendary performance by johnny depp . . eveyone should see this film . . on the other hand , infini film makes dvd more impulsive . .
 This is my first time buying an `` Infini-film '' product and was discusted . The DVD skipped durring every chapter transition . I duno if anybody else had this problem but Blow only comes produced by this company so I guess I 'll deal with it . I have a brand new DVD player that plays all other DVDs perfectly , except this one . On another note , the movie is great , Liota , Depp and Cruz at thier best . I give it a 4 because it is a high quality film but on a low quality DVD .
 This movie is great for the simple fact that it shows how easily cocaine was brought into the US it was very funny and exciting for me to watch i think there was agreat performance by Johnny Depp the movie kept going it didnt leave you behind it didnt get boring to me anyway . it shows how easily money can manipulate people it shows how the american dream isnt all that it really is cracked up to be and how to choose your paths wisely but the movie on the other hand shows that no matter how big you think you get theres always some body bigger it 's like in scarface `` lesson number 1 do n't underestimate the other guys greed '' and i think george jung found that out the hard way . the dvd is great the special feats . are great its infinifilm so they are really cool there are interviews w / the real George Jung and all in all the movie was great if like scarface youll probably love this movie
 Johnny Depp is amazing in this film , as per usual . There 's never a dull moment , an ultimately fascinating movie.I simply do n't know what else to say about it . Blew me away .
 With the recent loss of the maker of this film , Ted Demme , I believe you owe it to the guy to see this film . Not only as a tribute to the guy , but also cause this film is amazing!Based on a true story , it shows the eventual decline of Johnny Depps character into the sinister world of drug trafficking . What started as an easy way to make some cash , leads Depp into becoming the cocaine baron of America.With a rocking soundtrack , great perforamances from Depp and Penelope Cruz , this is truly a fantastic film .
 It is interesting that most people look at this film and then compare it to other , over-the-top films involving drugs and violence . -LRB- Traffic , Goodfellas , etc. -RRB- But it seems that this film , being autobiographical , really is n't aiming to glorify or even evoke empathy for the protagonist . As a matter of course , this happens because of the subject matter , but I think it does so because it is such an interesting character study . George Jung does n't come from a broken home . He does n't have any good reason to become a drug dealer and as we find out later on , he really should n't have gotten married to a woman and fathered a child . But he did and the story is as riveting as I have seen on screen in a long time . Ray Liotta is the same type of Dad that George seems to want so badly to be . Liotta should , by the way , be up for the supporting role Oscar for this . Everybody seems to be saying bad things about Penelope Cruz in this film , but I think she performed exactly as she should have . She is supposed to portray a spoiled daughter of a Colombian drug kingpin . The fact that she is a witch should be no surprise . The one thing I think some people have overlooked is that George is really too nice a guy to be involved in the the drug trade as he was . I still keep wondering if he told his wife he was gay to protect her or if he really was gay . So once again , do n't try to call this `` Traffic 2 '' or `` Gayfellas '' or even `` Scarface , Johnny Montana Returns '' . This is a story about a guy who went into business with friends and trusted too much and got burned . Probably snorted too much coke too .
 This is a very good drug movie . It is more realistic than most and underscores the fact that if you keep selling you will keep getting busted . It is the nature of the business.I am a criminal defense attorney and I really enjoyed this movie .
 I rated this movie 5 stars , until I got a load of the DVD extras . These extras actually serve to drag down the enjoyment of the movie . First , there are the `` character outtakes '' whatever that term is supposed to mean . These consist of various characters being interviewed about George Jung - the character , not the real person . They say poorly thought out and inarticulate things like , `` This guy ... he 's like ... this guy do n't care what anybody thinks , you know ? '' My impression was that the actors just got in front of a camera `` in character '' and extemporized . The results are pretty ghastly . Also , there is the jailhouse interview that director Ted Demme makes of George Jung , the real person . This is also pretty disedifying , consisting at the end of Demme sitting next to Jung on a bench and saying similarly inarticulate and poorly thought out things , like , `` Yeah , its like schoolteachers make minimum wage and there 's truckdrivers making hundreds of thousands of dollars a year ... '' Now , I am an ex-schoolteacher and though I did not make a mint at my job I certainly did not make `` minimum wage '' and I worked for one of the most underfunded school districts in the country . One has the impression of being a witness to a guy blowing his mouth off on the balcony of somebody 's post-college get-together . Not pretty . How Demme ever got people to trust him with millions of dollars remains a mystery
 This is a great movie that depicts the true hazards of use Coke.Very Graphic with No BSDepp does a fantastic gangster acting job telling the truth about this horrible drug
 Blow is such a great story . I ca n't even begin to describe the awesomeness of this film . It has a compelling storyline and the acting is wonderful .
 Fabulously acted and completely worth the time and money . I loved this movie . It 's a little like the book `` Lolita '' though - you have to pay attention to realize quite how awful Jung is and infer the countless lives he has ended and ruined because of his `` WTF '' attitude to making more money than he -LRB- literally -RRB- knows what to do with . All the actors are superb , and I was riveted throughout . I will now go an read the book that it was based on.Warning - spoilers follow about some of the history , though I do n't think it will affect your enjoyment.Jung comes across as a very likeable guy , and according to the real George Jung in the commentary Depp nails his portrayal to an almost scary degree . What is also horrifying in the extras is how the director 's genuine liking for the real George Jung seems to have completely removed his compassion for George 's victims . A 25 minute long , subtitled , tame , and somewhat confused documentary on the Colombian drug story does little to redress the balance . On the commentary Jung manages to contradict and indict himself all in about 30 seconds when he actually blames the * parents * of the kids doing drugs , rather than his committed partnership with Escobar to `` invent '' cocaine for the US . Comparisons with `` Scarface '' are inevitable and though most of the story is different , the understanding that there really are people out there like this , that they are not * too * different from the rest of us , but they have something very important that is missing , broken , or deeply corrupted is very valuable .
 This is a classic , must have in collection . The quality and sound are amazing . The best way to movies so far ... The PS3 Blu-Ray . I ca n't wait for my other purchases such as Man On Fire -LRB- Blu-Ray -RRB- .
 The film opens showing cocaine production in South America and it being smuggled via airplane . George is shown testing the product for its authenticity and quality.George Jung -LRB- Johnny Depp -RRB- , moves to California with his friend and they meet an airline stewardess , Barbara -LRB- Franka Potente -RRB- who introduces him to the main drug dealer Derek Foreal -LRB- Paul Rubens -RRB- . They go into the drug business and they make a ton of money while learning the business of selling pot . George is into smuggling pot big time and he opens up a ring back in Boston where they came from on the advice of a friend who says the colleges are a hot market . They use stewardesses as mules but they sell so much they ca n't even carry enough with both of their suitcases full . He becomes known as Boston George , the pot dealer.They bypass source and go directly to Mexico to stop buying retail and to buy the drugs directly from the Mexican dealers . He gets hooked up with the right guys finally and they start flying small planes across the border loaded with pot . He plans on marrying Barbara but he gets caught with 660 pounds of pot and faces going to prison for 2 years . Barbara is dying of cancer and he skips bail to stay with her until she dies . He is caught at his parent 's home by the DEA after his mom turns him in and he has to serve his time.While in prison he learns about the cocaine business ... This is an intriguing movie based on a true story . George Jung makes over $ 100 million smuggling cocaine but his life is hard as he spends time in jail and his personal life is a wreck . He is always facing betrayal from his drug partners and the life is dangerous.This is a good movie and it is worth watching . Johnny Depp does a great job in this movie and it is one of his best roles . Depp just plays the cool drug dealer , even when going through customs . The acting of the cast of this movie all meshed together and made this a great movie . This is an interesting story and worth watching . I recommend it to you .
 Good movie about the rise of drug selling in the USA and I would recommend it . It is based on a real life story you must see the ending .
 then this should be a good watch for you.Depp is soooooo hot and he plays the drug king perfectly . Cruz is absolutely sexy as his crazy wife.Its awesome if you like movies based real life on drug kings or mafia/mobsters .
 love this movie ! always been a big fan of this movie and i dont know why but i never owned it ... glad to see that i got it for around $ 6 even though its on dvd : -RRB-
 Sent as an Christmas gift for my son . He said it came packaged great -- just like new -- no scratches . Is very happy with the DVD . Will purchase from this site again . Gift card was a plus .
 Great service from amazonI love this movie I just had to get the Blue-Ray copyA must have movie and a great addition to my collection!Great stuffCheers
 There were some points at the beginning of the film where there was noticeable grain to the transfer that did n't really distract from the film , but otherwise it 's crystal clear and the HD Transfer was done well.Audio tracks sound great , nice and clear , far from flat .
 Despite the age of the movie it actually looks good in Blu Ray . One of Johnny Depp 's best serious roles .
 This is an interesting , complex and intelligent movie . And Johnny Depp is n't just playing Johnny Depp but is great in his role . The movie makes you think . It also nicely portrays the years of innocence when the movie starts and the more troubled years which follow .
 Ted Demme was on his way to making more great movies . But his death stopped him . This movie is great . It should of won many many awards . George Jung was amazed the way that Johnny Depp portrayed him . I would be to . The costumes were great , very relevant to the time , the hair was right on track , and it was all very beleivable . Well it did happen ... This is n't just about George Jung smuggling over 600 lbs of Blow over the border it 's about his developing relationship with his family . His first wife , his second wife , and his daughter . The real George is in jail until 2015 and will be around 80 then . His daugher still has n't visited him . But i 'm glad this movie was made . I suggest buying it .
 After reading the mixed reviews on this movie , I watched it with a high level of skepticism , but was quickly impressed by this movie , except I do have to say that Penelope Lopez 's character got under my skin pretty quickly ... perhaps another actress could have brought more depth to the role ... ? Anyway , it kind of reminded me of watching Miami Vice , only from the other side and it was fascinating to watch how a small time drug dealer came to have one of the largest drug empires in U.S. History in such a short period of time . I especially like one of the first scenes when they show cocaine being made in Columbia ... leaves are ground up , turned into a paste , spread out on a table to dry , thus turning it into a powder firm which is then measured out to be distributed . It also causes you to feel for the Columbian people who are poor , and thus reliant on exporting this drug for economic survival ... makes for a complicated political/moral situation . I even felt myself feeling a little sorry for George Jung towards the end , but I could have felt more so if he had displayed more emotion throughout the film . It was sad to see his friends of all those years suddenly turn on him in order to save themselves from the Feds . Just goes to show you what a ruthless business drug dealing is and like his dad said in the begining `` money is n't all that important ... it only seems like it is '' ... this could also be seen when he lost nearly all his money when his foreign bank was taken over by the new government . I was also pleasantly surprised to see that the movie was n't as overly violent as it could have been given the subject matter ... I think only two people were shot during the entire movie . Just goes to show you that a movie does n't have to rely on violence and gore to be good ... a good storyline can support it alone ... other movies today could learn from this . The only thing I could n't understand is why Johnny Depp bleached his hair blonde for the role when according to the photo shown at the end , the real George Jung was a brunette ... ?
 This movie was n't really even that well known when released into theaters . Blow was out of the limelight of Traffic , another drug movie which happens to be horrible.Blow 's script is much more realistic , something that cn be related to . It 's all about a drug dealer 's journey to wealth through the game . But I must say that this is one of the best , most interesting movies out there now.If you do any type of drug , you will be guaranteed to like this movie . If you do n't , then you must be high !
 The range of characters he portrays is both broad and diverse . And with each one he brings sincerity and believability . Here he portrays real life drug smuggler George Jung . Jung is a pretty typical product of a middle class upbringing . He dreams of California , girls , and the good life . Unfortunately , like too many of todays youth , he 's lazy but obviously very intelligent . He seizes on multiple opportunities and builds the largest cocaine smuggling operation -LRB- for it 's time -RRB- in the U.S.But as ye sow so shall ye reap.Life is grand , for a time , before it all starts to unravel . And the fall is hard.And as great as all the performances were , the film was so predictable that it lost something in the process . But we are certainly privy to see the ill effects of participation in the drug trade and of drug use in particular . The good life may not necessarily be as good as it seems . There 's a cost for everything.But certainly enjoyable to watch if not necessarily a film warranting a purchase .
 The movie is a ` blow you away ' adaptation of Bruce Porter 's book . It drives home George Jung 's rise and fall , and how in-the-home conflicts during one 's upbringing can influence your view of the world and where within it you belong - in this case , George kept wanting more and more despite the risks . Johnnie Depp and Penelope Cruz literally BECOME the Jungs . More references to Cape Cod where a lot of the story takes place would have been nice . It 's an incredible roller coaster ride !!
 this is a great movie everyone should see it
 Blow is a movie about George Jung , a man who transforms himself from a small time marijuana dealer to a big time cocaine dealer . At the peak of his power , George Jung estimates he was responsible for supplying 85 % of America 's cocaine demand . The movie traces George 's life from his early childhood , through to his final incarceration at the OTIS Correctional Facility.The movie has an excellent cast with a very powerful performance by Johnny Depp . He successfully portrays both the fun loving , carefree George as well as the older , hardened , more serious George . Even though it is difficult to condone George 's lifestyle choices , I think everyone can empathise with his desire to `` take nothing ... and turn it into something '' . Is n't that after all what we are all trying to do ? The movie moves along at a fast pace and you are constantly kept on the edge of your seat.The one criticism I have of the movie is that at the end , it strays from the truth in an effort to romanticise George 's life and his personal choices . I do n't want to spoil things for anybody , but once you 've seen the movie feel free to visit -LSB- website -RSB- to catch the truth on the ending of George Jung 's saga.I can still thoroughly recommend this movie . It 's not just a movie about drugs . I think George Jung 's life contains many lessons which can benefit us all .
 This has got to be one of the best movies in a while . I have no idea why this was not nominated for anything at the Oscars . Everyone gives great performances . It was just a great movie , and I really enjoyed it . This film is based on a true story.George Jung was a man who made many huge mistakes in his life that cost him dearly . It is very sad to see his life gradually ruin . He is supposed to get out of jail in the year 2015 , as the movie tells us just before the end credits roll.An anti-drug movie that surely does get it 's message across . Highly Recommended .
 ok . . ill tell you now that this is the best movie have have ever seen in my life . It would take one -LSB- heck -RSB- of an outstanding movie to beat this one . This is the only movie i can watch over and over and over again at any time , all my friends like it to . Johnny Depp plays the perfect role in this movie . Money/Sex/Drugs can either bring u happyness but in George Jungs case it really did him in at the end . Buy a copy of Blow I gaurentee you will be satisfied
 I have to admit , I did find this film very entertaining . It does steal it 's cinematography , direction , and soundtrack style from 1990s Martin Scorsese classic `` Goodfellas '' in a very obvious rip-off though . Let 's face it , that 's part of what makes it entertaining . What a compliment , over a decade and someone is still trying to capture that magic.There IS some magic herein . The film moves along interestingly , does n't really have any dull moments , and is easy to follow . This is a very watchable cast as well . I personally found this film far more interesting than `` Traffic '' , which felt slow , and too convoluted . I will say that Johnny Depp was somewhat annoying to me in his role as main character George Jung . He was n't a sympathetic character , he just seemed like a moron who managed to accrue a ton of money illegally , only to `` Blow '' it . I did n't care about him or anyone else in the film , due to the one big fault here , poor character development . Everyone in the movie seems empty , with the exception of Ray Liotta , who did a fine job as George 's dad . I disliked Depp 's bogus New England accent , it was annoying to listen to his narrations of the events . This only thing worse ? His moms annoying nasal whine . I lived in New England at one time , nobody sounded like this ! I also ca n't fathom why George evolves into such a doofy goofball toward the end , after having been a fairly cool guy at the beginning.The plot develops heat in the form of beautiful Mirtha -LRB- Penelope Cruz -RRB- . She is a hedonistic , self indulgent Columbian coke family princess . There is some steamy sexual chemistry as the two meet at a wedding of Georges closest Columbian associate . George steals Mirtha from a rival who ca n't fight his good standing with Pablo Escobar , famed -LRB- or so they say -RRB- lord of the -LRB- drug -RRB- rings . The two words `` I Do '' turn George into more than just a `` gringo '' to the cartel . He becomes part of the family too . Of course , that 's not ALL he becomes as a result of this union . Watch and see for yourself.Something I found funny , is the not so coincidental casting of Ray Liotta as Georges n'er do well Dad , and the goomah -LRB- girlfriend -RRB- he kept on the side in `` Goodfellas '' , playing Georges Dad and Mom respectively.For the most part , watching the rise and fall of Jung from the 60s as a drug dealer who starts with marijuana , then pushes the envelope to a 70s Cocaine empire , is fun . You get an excellent feel of those eras in time , the clothes , hair , music ect . Again though , a similar agenda to `` Goodfellas . '' The only difference ? One was the rise and fall of a `` mobster '' the other a `` drug dealer '' but still , chronicled in similar fashion during the same eras . However , since Henry Hill and associates did traffic and sell cocaine in a major amounts , the only difference is with `` Blow '' is , that 's the ONLY basis of the story.That said , although one dimensional in its plot , not delving too deeply into who anyone actually is , or really getting any feeling for the characters beneath the facade , surface fluff this colorful , is STILL fun and entertaining . That means , it 's definitely worth a look .
 This movie is simply awsome !!! If you are a fan of Entourage and you have seen the Medelin episodes , then you have something great to compare this too . Blow is to Medelin episodes as BLOW is to sleep ... Buy this movie and stay up ALL NIGHT watching it ... You will want to snort Johnny Depp up your nose .
 Based on a true story for those of you who have lived on the moon , and it puts you on an emotional roller coaster of cocaine , money , greed , ect . I ca n't say too much and give spoil it for the few ppl who missed watching it but it just shows how important our children are & how we need to be careful what we say & do . This one of my Favorite movies & I watch it allot , it 's in my kitchen dvd so I watch while I cook , Dinner & I just love Jonny Depp & Ray Liotta .
 I watch all movies with Johnny Depp , but Pen&eacute;lope Cruz sold me on this one!I skimmed the info , but mostly purchased the film based upon the cover shot . When I watched the film , I felt my self drawn deeper and deeper into the story . The initial interest in Pen&eacute;lope Cruz subsided , as I became more an more interested in the escalating business practices of our hero played by Johnny Depp.I was rooting for our Business man , throughout the film , and I think he got the shaft . I loved the movie until the end , but they were working with biographical material so they closed the story as best they could.Suffice to say , this guy is no Scarface ; he is just an entrepreneur who enjoys living it up . I think the guy should have made friends in Congress , so that he could have ended his run and kept his fancy homes , et al. . C'est la vie .
 I love this movie , but i was deeply dispointed about how I recoved two defective dvds with the same problem . This was not amazon fault , but the dvd company . i would not advise people in buying this verison unless you do not mind small defect which I do not like doing myself .
 If you 're looking for a moral from Blow , it 's `` dealing hard drugs never ends well . '' Not exactly the Dalai Lama at his finest.But if you 're looking for an interesting story , movie and DVD , you might find this quite satisfying.The story is pretty simple . George Jung , deciding he did n't want to rerun the woes of his father , whom he loves , leaves home and winds up in the drug dealing business . He graduates from marijuana to cocaine and becomes a major league cocaine dealer , a move that dictates the course of his later life.Johnny Depp as George , Ray Liotta and Rachel Griffiths as his parents are excellent . Penelope Cruz 's character is annoying , but what 's worse is so is Penelope . By the end , she truly reminded me of a chihuahua.Demme gave the scenes in each period of this tale , which goes from the 1950s through the 1990s , the texture identified with that time period . For example , in the late 1960s California scenes , you feel like you 're watching the outtakes from Pepsi ads from the era.The DVD extras , besides the commentaries , include interviews with the real George Jung ; a documentary on the Colombian drug trade ; and the infnifilm feature , which lets you click onto deleted scenes when the spots they would 've been in come up in the movie , but click on `` interviews '' with the characters -LRB- pretty fun -RRB- . I give it two and a half stars for the flick and a one-star bump for the DVD quality .
 Johnny Depp
 Johnny Depp plays George Jung , your every day man turned multi-millionaire drug dealer . The amazing journey starts with just a bit of weed going to people on the beach , soon he and his friends are working their way to Mexico in major exports . After a brief stop in jail Depp changes from marijuana to cocaine . Soon Depp has so much money he ca n't fit anymore in his house . It is in this time he meets his wife-to-be decently played by Penelope Cruz . A mishap with his wife later and he is in jail again . The part about this film that sets it apart from most drug movies is that it shows the highlights of the illegal exchange business but it also shows the bottoming out . The other thing it has is a connection with the characters . You actually begin to feel for Depp as he is separated from the one thing that he loves in his life , his daughter . Franka Potente -LRB- Run Lola Run -RRB- and Paul Rubin -LRB- Pee Wee Herman -RRB- also have roles in this film that has heart and substance -LRB- s -RRB- .
 Review is divided into two parts
 Y' know , I 'm not a BIG fan of biopics , but the real life story of George Jung was an extremely pleasant surprise - why ? Because the story and theme hit you hard . This is backed up with the best acting I 've seen from Johnny Depp and Penelope Cruz ever ! Amazingly , the whole story just had a good ensemble . There were n't many negative points about the movie . I mean it 's not filled with action or sex , but it 's a great drama that any serious movie goer needs to see.What 's it about ? Guy discovers coke , gets rich and high off it , then loses it all . There 's a lesson in this one people!Acting - 5/5Plot - 5/5Gratuitous Nudity - 1/5How to inhale cocaine tutorial - 2/5Overall - 5/5
 I have to admit I passed this one by for quite a few months at Blockhead . I was intrigued by the stars , put off by the topic ... until I read further into it and discovered this movie was not some drug culture self-glorification eulogy . And then I discovered it was about George Jung , the real life character who introduced Columbian cocaine so devastatingly onto the American drug scene . Rather than repeat the synopsis already presented in the Editorial Reviews , I 'll just comment on the things that struck me most poignantly in the film .1 -RRB- If ever a young man was influenced by his mother 's faults , George Jung was he . George had the same personality as his father -- hard working , good hearted , and loyal . But the father was condemned to a life of poverty , damned by his refusal to leave a losing plumbing & heating business . `` Without us , people would freeze to death ! '' The mother , I believe , knew in advance that the father would never be a financial success , and that is exactly why she married him . As long as he was around never earning quite enough to satisfy her , she had a crutch , her eternal ` but-for . ' `` But for that loser , I coulda had a nice house . But for that bum , I coulda had new drapes . '' This sick , symbiotic relationship did a lot of damage to young George . When he was growing up he did not have access to the pop psychology books that could have alerted him to the debilitating scripts that his parents wrote for themselves . The precise damage done to young George was in convincing him that adequate money could cure any shortcoming life might saddle him with . And that shortcoming leads me to Point 2 , George 's monster-wife-from-hell , Mirtha , beautifully rendered by Penelope Cruz .2 -RRB- In marrying Mirtha , George married his mother . George was the modern day equivalent of the Greek tragic hero , Oedipus . The only difference was that where Mom needed a nice brownstone to wow the neighbors , Mirtha needed a nice palace -- Versailles will do -- to wow the jet-set . When George stumbled , and both the Jung men were genetically programmed to stumble , Mirtha , the monster wife , was there to rub his nose in it right on cue . Did you happen to pick up on the first two times George got busted ? He was ratted out by first his mom , then by Mirtha . His mom did it not because she thought he was doing something wrong , but because she had to regain her stature in the community . After all , everyone already knew about George 's drug doings , so what better way to shut the neighbors up when George came home for an illicit visit than to dial 9-1-1 ? However , when Mirtha did it , it was out of pure meanness . She was mad and she had to take it out on George .3 -RRB- George was basically a good man in spite of his misplaced business focus , and that goodness was also his fatal flaw . George was loyal to a fault , not a good quality in an industry plagued by disloyalty . He 'd been ratted out by his mother and his wife , so it stands to reason that the third time George got busted was when his closest , lifelong friends set him up with the feds . Where 's the honor among thieves ? Perhaps there never was any . -- Ejner Fulsang , author of `` A Destiny of Fools '' , Aarhus Publishing , 2006
 Yes , this movie is about the rise and fall of George Jung , however the most important person in the movie ... Pablo Escobar is a bit left out by the other reviewers . The movie does a great job with an excellent cast depicting George Jung 's marijuana and cocaine empire 's rise and fall ... it even does a good job talking about Pablo Escobar and the Medellin Cartel 's role in helping George Jung . It even brings in Carlos Diego . The movie is n't as good as the book by Bruce Porter but David McKenna did a good job writing a screenplay . Great movie , deffinately worth owning !
 Let me be clear , this is a great film . It actually reassures me that all movies are not garbage . But for me the best part of the movie is Franka Potente 's performance as Barbara , a comely stew who , so far as I can tell , is not supposed to be German . It is a special pleasure for me to watch Franka Potente , with her thick Cherrrmann accent , ya ? trying to speak in a vey zat iss recognizeable as chust typical yanqui American dialect . I also thrilled to her performance in The Bourne Identity , hearing her deliver such lines as , `` But he vas chust shining us all on '' like the Munchen-frau she is . Yeah , I 'll get all liquored up on Spaten Premium , or maybe even brave the forbidding slopes of the Optimator , then I 'll hunker down for a triple-bill of Run Lola Run , Bourne Identity , and Blow . Its like my own private Oktoberfest that I chust by myself heff got going on , ya?unt ich bein auss .
 This is a remarkable film about an exceptional story based on an eventful life . I 'm surprised by the number of critics . Does this film try and glorify the drug dealer ? No . Is George Jung a hero ? No . Is the film 's purpose to make him one ? No . This is why I have problems with a majority of the critics of this excellent film . Why the criticism ? The subject matter ? The fact that it was based on a true story?At any rate , back to the film , which is wonderfully shot backed up by great performances from Johnny Depp , Ray Liotta and Jordi Molla . The film is told from a narrative perspective by George Jung -LRB- Johnny Depp -RRB- tracing the spectacular rise and fall of the pioneering US cocaine distributor of the 1970 's / 80 's . The film moves seamlessly from George 's adolescence to adulthood through a number of locations and vividly captures the essence of that decadent era . The sets , costumes and music all work perfectly.The audience takes an incredible journey , pulled into a world of drug smuggling / distributing , the illusion of ` easy money ' , ensuing greed and finally betrayal . While many are quick to point out the fact that this person was a `` drug dealer '' and ponder , `` why feel sorry for him ? '' , this misses the point . His story does n't search for sympathy from the audience , although it is a sad one . It is an unapologetic look at an unapologetic life.The greatest takeaway from his experience was that he realized too late what was truly important in his life . Simple things , not the money , not the cars , but `` real '' things as foreshadowed by his father 's speech to him as a child . A point that is continually being underscored by his father 's unconditional love -LRB- wonderfully played by Ray Liotta , a refreshing character change for him -RRB- and culminates in his own unconditional love for his daughter - although he is too late to recieve it .
 Every time I watch one of those prison documentaries , the same question comes to my mind
 In BLOW , Johnny Depp gives us one of his earlier but no less brilliant performances as George Jung , the premier American cocaine importer of the 1980s . A film heavily influenced by Scorsese 's GOODFELLAS and CASINO , BLOW is as frenetic as its namesake drug . We watch Jung grow up in a stressful household with a shrewish mother -LRB- Rachel Griffiths -RRB- and an easygoing father -LRB- Ray Liotta -RRB- ; Ms. Griffiths ' characterization as Ermine Jung is so reminiscent of Lorraine Bracco as Karen Hill in GOODFELLAS that I initially confused the two actresses . Liotta of course , played Henry Hill.George flees his childhood home for the endless sunshine of Southern California circa 1967 , where , dedicated to the proposition that he will never be poor , he begins to deal drugs . A minor pot bust leads to an association with Pablo Escobar 's Medellin Cartel , and George soon builds his small-scale operation into the major North American llello pipeline.His vast wealth -LRB- literally hundreds of millions of dollars over the years -RRB- leads to the predictable vast excesses -LRB- think Tony Montana in SCARFACE -RRB- and George 's hedonistic lifestyle comes crashing down in a white cloud of confusion , betrayal and self-destruction . Depp captures it all perfectly , without caricaturing any of it , an impressive accomplishment when one considers how easily the Cocaine Universe lent itself to cartoonishness in the mid-Eighties . George Jung ultimately was convicted of smuggling and was sentenced to a horrifying sixty years.Despite George 's Colombian connections , he remained a small-town American boy at heart , and Depp deftly and subtlely demonstrates to us George 's increasing sense of isolation and disorientation in the midst of the drug culture . In the end , George Jung is left nothing but his sense of aching emptiness as he pines for his daughter Kristina , who , the film tells us as it ends , has never visited her father.George Jung is seen in the Special Features as a broken , sad and lonely man , condemned to spending most of the rest of his life behind bars . The hardest blow fell on George Jung . Was it worth it ?
 This film is far from perfect but it certainly is a time capsule of the 70 's annd 80 's growth of cocaine culture in the US and the story of one man who played a key role in it 's spread . Johnny Depp is fabulous in the lead role as George Jung and the supporting cast is solid , with the possible exception of Penelope Cruz who is ok but probably the weakest performer in the movie.The story follows the unlikely rise of a middle class kid from the east coast who moves to California in 1968 and begins to make easy money dealing pot . The growing drug culture coincides with his meteroric rise and incredible wealth . Like all morality tales the guy falls just as quickly as he rose and winds up with shattered family relationships and in prison.Well written and plotted , the film moves briskly through 2 decades of George Jung 's life without feeling choppy and the story is always intriguing .
 Well , I have to say first , I was sad to hear that the director of this movie had passed . I do n't know the exact circumstances of his demise , but suffice it to say , he 'll be missed.This is one of only 10-15 movies I 've seen in the theater over the last 5 years . I pretty much stopped going to the movie theater , and enjoy saving lots of money , while still getting complete enjoyment from DVD viewing on my wide screen HD television.However , I 'm very glad that I chose to see this one in the theater . It was definitely worth the effort.Re-watching this movie multiple times , and enjoying the DVD extras really is quite a treat . I like DVD 's that include lots of extras , and this movie certainly is one of them . And if you 're wondering why my title centers on the Director , it is from viewing the extras . You really can tell what a caring person he is , watching him interact with the cast and crew , and especially the actual person the movie is about.You get to experience what a crazed and varied life Jung lived through the eyes of the director in the movie , and than again , from his words and video on the bonus features.Great movie ! Highly recommended.MC White said
 Johnny Depp does n't get as much credit as he should . He is one of the most versatile actors and shows it here again as George Jung , the drug dealer who becomes a cocaine kingpin in The 1970s . Jordi Molla was great as Diego Delgado , Penelope Cruz was great as Mirtha , and Ray Liotta was great as George 's father . A captivating movie about the life of George Jung . Very , very well done !
 `` Blow '' is Ted Demme 's epic about George Jung 's -LRB- Johnny Depp -RRB- rise from a fourth rate marijuana dealer in California to become the primary distributor of cocaine in the United States . While Ted Demme clearly slants the story to portray Jung in a very sympathetic light , the film is nonetheless smart and entertaining . While Jung 's story is interesting enough to keep the average viewer glued to the screen , it is the casting and well-crafted performances that made this one of the best movies of 2001 . While Depp is sensational in his portrayal of Jung , his supporting cast really carries the film . Ray Liotta is solid in his portrayal of Jung 's hardworking Massachusetts father and Cliff Curtis is convincing in his brief appearance as legendary Colombian Cartel kingpin Pablo Escobar , but the surprise of the film is Paul Reubens ' brilliant portrayal of Derek Foreal , a gay , flamboyant California hairdresser that gives Jung his start and eventually becomes his secret `` California Connection . '' Unfortunately , the path toward greatness is halted halfway through the feature with the introduction of Penelope Cruz as Mirtha , a young Colombian girl whose wild ways seemingly go hand in hand with Jung 's lifestyle . When first introduced , Cruz seems perfect for the role , but as the film progresses and Mirtha slides deeper into cocaine addiction , Cruz 's performance becomes unrealistic and ridiculously obnoxious at times . Fortunately , the other actors and the intriguing plot are enough to push the film through this rough spot and despite Cruz 's on-screen debacle , `` Blow '' leaves the viewer entertained and satisfied.As a side note , Demme , who became an outspoken proponent of drug legalization and Jung 's freedom after the movie 's release , later died after overdosing.Grade
 BLOW is , in my opinion , one of the most well structured films ever made . By the way , I know the title to this review is a little funny , but that is n't how I planned it . Anyway , this film was from director , Ted Demme , who sadly died a year or so after this film was released . He did an incredibly great job with this movie . Demme was able to combine drama , comedy , violence , and the facts with a great cast , including Johnny Depp , Penelope Cruz , Ray Liotta , Franka Potenta , Paul Reubens , Ethan Suplee , and many others . BLOW centers around the life of George Jung , from his childhood to his rise and fall as the biggest importer of cocaine to the United States . This film captures the good , the bad , the ugly , and the beautiful . You 're even there for his first joint . And I know you must be thinking that a lot of this is fictional , being as how so many films based on true stories change the facts , but surprise , this film is based on a novel , and director Ted Demme and the production team remained close to the actual George Jung , himself , behind bars at Otisville , during the making of this film . What makes this film so great is that throughout all of the wrong choices he makes , you are still able to see all of the good in George Jung . That is what makes this film sad , the fact that Jung has to take responsibility for his actions , and he gets what he gets . This film does a great job at capturing his love for his daughter , Kristina Sunshine Jung , played by a surprisingly talented child actress . It is great when he describes how he `` finally realized what I was put on this Earth for ... '' His relationship with his daughter inspires a lot of the good in Jung . You can kind of tell that they were able to use Jung as a great resource , because it is narrated by Depp -LRB- playing Jung -RRB- and are really able to remain in touch with his thoughts on everything happening in the film . Jung also has a lot of sentiment towards the events in the movie , which contributes to the honesty . Anyway , watch this movie , and you 'll see why I gave it five stars , and you 'll also understand what I failed to do in the title of this review .
 I wo n't go into much detail about the movie since there 's enough of that already . I just wanted to comment that this not only is a story about the rise and fall of a notorious drug dealer , but also the story of a man and his family . It 's about the love a father has for his daughter and the promises that he tries but in the end ca n't keep . In the beginning of the movie , George Jung -LRB- Johnny Depp -RRB- deals drugs to make money . After his daughter is born though , he gets out of the business and tries unsuccessfully to lead a more ` normal ' life with his wife and kid . In the end though it all falls apart for him since he 's penniless and dismissed by both his wife and daughter . It 's a tragic story that will leave one with the pangs of regret for not only the mistakes that Jung made but also of the love he missed out from his daughter , ie . his whole world .
 here 's a film in which the lead character does n't really want to be a gangster , but one circumstance leads to another circumstance and the next thing you know , he 's meeting with Pablo Escobar , the biggest drug lord in the world . A very interesting journey , to say the least . Here 's a movie that gives you another intriguing story of a `` regular guy '' who ends up in extra-ordinary circumstances , and with a little bit of street-smarts , a little bit of charm and a lotta balls , makes something out of himself . Mind you , I personally have always been fascinated with the biographies of famous people , so maybe this story wo n't grab you as much as it did me . But the actors are also all very good in this film , the high style in perfect alignment with the previously mentioned flicks and plenty of drama , bits of humor , betrayals and double-crossings
 Ees great . Dis moovie full of things we can relate to.Dis kina ting happens in real life . It really hit close to home . Except the money . I only make small change . But it would be nice to have all that dough .
 DVD excellent color and sharpness . Just viewed it recently and it was much better than I had expected . First 2 in the series were quite good also , meaning Crocidile Dundee joins a rare breed where all 3 of the triology films ended up excellent . For example BACK TO THE FUTURE managed that , however of course is not yet available on DVD , and RAIDERS OF THE LOST ARK -LRB- also no DVD -RRB- could have done it except for the subpar TEMPLE OF DOOM , the 2nd movie right before the amazing INDIANA JONES.The writing on DUNDEE L.A. was excellent with some very funny material . One minor flaw in light of its Family movie class , would be to have changed the unwed status of the couple to some kind of Aborigine/outback type hookup maybe with flashbacks to some kind of ceremony before the child was born and to have used that as the film 's beginning marriage status - then they could ended it with traditional western marriage . That way it would n't look like the standard Hollywood shackup type situation so common in liberal Hollywoood scripts.Wish they could do 3 more films like this , this Mick Dundee is a great character .
 In general , life can be a most trying proposition even in the best of times ; and simply negotiating the daily grind can be exasperating for even the most resilient among us . And that 's why it 's so refreshing to find respite from the drama of day-to-day living -- a safe haven , if you will -- even if it 's only for a couple of hours or so at the movies , which is just what you get with the light-hearted comedy , `` Crocodile Dundee In Los Angeles , '' directed by Simon Wincer . In this third installment of the `` Dundee '' series , once again starring Paul Hogan as the famed and fearless crocodile hunter , Mick Dundee , we find Mick , his significant other , Sue Charleton -LRB- Linda Kozlowski -RRB- and their fourth-grade son , Mikey -LRB- Serge Cockburn -RRB- living in a small hamlet -LRB- population 20 -RRB- in Australia on the cusp of the Outback . When the editor of Sue 's father 's West Coast office of his newspaper in America dies suddenly , Mr. Charleton asks his journalist daughter to fill in for a few weeks until he can find a permanent replacement . So it 's off to Los Angeles for Mick , Sue and Mikey , where Sue quickly finds herself involved with the investigation of a shady new movie studio , while Mick gets work there as an extra on their latest production . There 's also plenty of time for Mick and Mikey to explore the terrain of the big city , which is new territory for Mikey , but for Mick -- already a veteran of a trip to New York -- it becomes just one g ` day after another , mate . Which is really what this film is all about . And it works.It 's light fare from the outset , and Wincer does a good job of keeping it all on track and presenting the material in just the right way . It 's casual fun and a lot of laughs , and though there 's a lot of sight-gags and physical humor it 's never overblown or slapstick , which keeps the rhythm of the film intact and makes the humor flow quite naturally . In short , Wincer has the formula down for what works here , and he never attempts to make this film anything other than what it is , which makes it easy for the audience to just go with it and enjoy the proceedings.Hogan has a charismatic screen presence , and as Mick he 's so laid back that you feel relaxed just watching him . He makes his character real , and the way he under-reacts to just about any given situation makes the story refreshingly and readily accessible . Watching this movie is kind of like spending some time with an old friend ; it 's a fun and pleasant experience , and makes you glad you got together after all these years . Like the film itself , Hogan never attempts to make Mick anything other than what he is , which is a guy who happens to hunt crocodiles for a living . And that 's an aspect he could easily have tried to play upon , approaching it from the perspective that this is a rather `` odd '' occupation compared to the average guy on the street . But he does n't take that route , opting instead to make Mick just another average guy on the street , like the clerk at the store or the mailman . And it lends credibility to the character , as well as the story , inasmuch as the plot is fairly insignificant in light of the fact that this movie is really about the characters and the way they interact , as opposed to what the storyline is . It 's good work by Hogan , who has created a character who is so likable and real , while Hogan the actor , in retrospect , is destined to be under appreciated for it . It 's one of those instances in which it 's too hard to separate the actor from the character , which in essence is a tribute to the quality of Hogan 's performance.After being absent from the big screen for some six years , it 's good to see Linda Kozlowski back reprising her role of Sue Charlton . As an actor , she is talented , has an extremely natural screen presence and is absolutely gorgeous ; it 's a shame she has n't made more than a half dozen movies or so since `` Dundee II '' in 1988 . Her role here is fairly straightforward , but she plays it so well , and with such facility , that it 's the kind of performance that is easily and too often overlooked . And she plays well opposite Hogan -LRB- but then , she should ; they 're married in real life -RRB- . She 's a gifted actor , and hopefully we 'll see much more of her in the near future ; her continued presence would be a real asset to the cinematic community.Serge Cockburn , meanwhile , does a good turn as Mikey ; he 's a likable youngster with a natural talent that was a definite asset to this film . Also helping to sell the movie is Alec Wilson , as Jacko , Mick 's friend from Australia who follows him to L.A. to join in the fray , and who adds some laughs along the way.The supporting cast includes Jere Burns -LRB- Rothman -RRB- , Jonathan Banks -LRB- Milos -RRB- , Aida Turturro -LRB- Jean -RRB- , Paul Rodriguez -LRB- Diego -RRB- , Kaitlin Hopkins -LRB- Miss Mathis -RRB- , Gerry Skilton -LRB- Nugget -RRB- and Steve Rackman -LRB- Donk -RRB- . An entertaining , uplifting comedy , `` Crocodile Dundee In Los Angeles '' is well crafted and delivered , and will make you feel good and put a smile on your face . There wo n't be any Oscars here , but it does n't matter ; this is a film that makes life a little brighter -- for awhile anyway -- and that 's not such a bad deal in the grand scheme of things . It 's the magic of the movies .
 I do n't know why this film was n't much bigger than it was , it 's every bit as good as the other films were . Paul Hogan is great as ever as Dundee and the fish out of water story still works as well as it ever did . The movie wo n't win any Oscars , but it 's not supposed to be a `` powerful portrait of the corruption of the film industry . '' It 's only supposed to make you laugh , and if it 's laughs you want , it more than delivers !
 I have loved the movies since i first seen the Orignals , they are wonderful movies for all ages , sure it 's not the greatest movie of all time but it 's a fish out of water type movie and i love that . Any fan of the old movies will want to see this many times and i ca n't wait for the dvd so i can watch it over and over .
 If you like the Crocodile Dundee movies you will surely like this one as well . Although not as good as the first it 's still fun .
 This is a great movie and certainly an asset to my vast collection . Arrived faster than a speeding bullit too !
 This is a great movie ! I prefer a movie that does n't need alot of swear words to make a point and these &#34; Crocodile Dundee &#34; movies are perfect . Hope there is a fourth !
 Have been looking for Old school comedy DVD , s. For the kids to enjoy.The crocodile dundee series fits the bill , perfectly .
 Why did it take 13 more years to come out?Great job , Mick !
 Paul Hogan returns as Mick Dundee . Despite beind the third film in a forgotten franchise , this movie still manages to entertain . There are some truly funny moments in here , but others are n't as smart . The scene in which Mick and his son stop in the middle of the freeway because they mistake a skunk for a dog is kinda odd . But hey this is still a fun movie and if defintely worth a look , though certainly not as good as the originals .
 The first Crocodile Dundee movie was great fun . Crocodile Dundee 2 was almost as much fun . Crocodile Dundee in Los Angeles was still fun , but less so . The producers explain that they came to Los Angeles because it is so unlike the Australian Outback . The thing I liked the least was the use of Paramount Studios playing itself . While the story made a good reason to be there , it always seems like a way to save money . The story picks up about ten years after the previous left off with Dundee and Sue not yet married , but with a son . The story begins with a Dundee who is losing the knack of catching crocks and Sue has good reason to brings them back to America . It has a happy ending so all ends well . While not up to par with the others , if you liked the first two , you 'll still like this , just not as much .
 A very pleasant family movie . Paul and Linda are older but have worn well . Their son was there as he should be to make up the family . I was n't once tempted to fast-view any part - this is one of the advantages of viewing a recording .
 This is a very , very funny movie . And it is really good i say this is a must see .
 This is a a great movie.I liked the first one but this is much better.its very funny.I am a comedy freak I love funny movies and this isdefenetly funny.the dvd is better so rent it todaybecuase I 'm sure you 'll come back and buy it
 I actually liked this better than the first two films . I had to drag my daughter to the theatre to see this with me . Both of ended up laughing so hard that our stomachs hurt the next day . You might say that Paul Hogan has his own brand of sophisticated humor . Sophisticated may sound like an odd word to describe his Outback brand of slapstick but it really is ! Crocodile Dundee is such a slick character that you do n't know when you 're really being put on or not . This film is great fun . There is never a dull moment . The secret here is that the plot does not take itself serious at all . There are scenes that are just plain dumb but they work so well . I think we are all getting tired of the fast paced slam bang rapid fire so-called sophisticated humor , that this film is a welcome return to go old fashioned homespun grassroots comedy . It even has a great score by Basil Poledouris . Highly recommended .
 I thought the movie was definately worth seeing . It 's kinda like Star Wars . Even if you do n't like Darth Vader , you still go see the movie . I do n't know who does n't like Croc Dundee , but I know that everybody should go see the movie .
 I was so afraid of getting this DVD after reading the bad reviews some gave this movie . I decided to give it a shot as I adored the 1st & 2nd Dundee movies . I was not disappointed & felt is was n't a waste of money as some have stated.Maybe the bad reviews are because it IS N'T full of filthy language , violence , sexual situations & nudity that some think is needed to make a `` good movie '' . I personally enjoy watching something that all my family can enjoy & laugh to . Sure some things in the movie are a little `` corky '' but that 's what makes Crocodile Dundee so endearing!It was great seeing the whole gang back together again & am so happy that I didnt listen to the few bad reviews & judged for myself !
 The Crocodile Dundee films have always been a pleasent diversion to pass the time and are fun to watch . So how does the newest -LRB- And probably final -RRB- film stack up?Overall , okay and nothing much else.The basic plot is that everybodys favorite Australian croc hunter 's wife gets a job in hollywood and so , off they go . When they get there , Nick discovers that there is a big conspiracy afoot at one of the studios and sets out to right the wrong . Along the way , his son , his friend Jacko and him go on some interesting adventures in L.A. , from looking down from a big skyscraper , blocking up a freeway and in my favorite sequence , take out a bunch of punks who try to steal money.The humor in this movie is mostley Ho-hum , with nothing really standing out -LRB- Although the anamatronic anaconda joke works out well -RRB- Several of Dunde 's friends show up , including his aborigianie friend and his best mate -LRB- I forgot his name -RRB- The sad part about the movie is that it goes too fast and that nothing really stands out.Still , if you are a fan of the series , this is worth checking out . I personally think it 's a charming diversion , and not as bad as the profesional reviews say.The Good
 After the success of the original Crocodile Dundee there was only one way for Paul Hogan 's star to go and that was on a downhill run . In this movie we have the tiresome `` fish out of water ' theme which has been literally `` done to death '' over the past 30 years and leaves the viewer with nothing original to watch.Sadly by now Mick Dundee 's skin looks about as old and wrinkled as the crocodiles he used to hunt and LA is not the place to be if you are a tired old man . Forget the plot , it 's just nonsense about drug smuggling.Gee.Isn ' t that an original idea about LA ? I give this film 5 stars because Paul Hogan had ther audacity to make yet another movie which was not set in the Australian Outback which is what most American viewers want to see in the first place .
 The return of Crocodile Dundee for a third movie was greeted with a great deal of applause
 i loved this movie . it was hilarious. , definetly a must see for comedy fans . the funniest part is when he stabs the fake anaconda .
 Love Paul Hogan in this series good fun and great continuing plot a a a a a a a a
 Paul Hogan allegedly got the inspiration for the original `` Crocodile Dundee '' from `` Tarzan 's New York Adventure '' . This installment pretty much follows form but transplants Dundee to the City of Angels and gives him and his ersatz Jane an offspring . Throw in a tired subplot involving an international art ring fronting as a fleabag movie studio you would almost dismiss this flick . Wonders never cease and the reasons are twofold . Primarily , Hogan projects such onscreen charm and charisma you would almost want to watch him reading the phonebook . Also , the makers of the film make Los Angeles look fresh and new . It helps that my wife lived in L.A. for a year and pointed things out to me that I did n't know . Most product placement is annoying but there 's a pretty funny scene with Dundee and his Down Under crony at the Wendy 's takeout window . Not the homerun the original flick was but it 'll do .
 Mick `` Crocodile '' Dundee -LRB- Paul Hogan -RRB- returns to the U.S. and once again overcomes all obstacles in this action-comedy . When we last saw Mick and Sue Charlton -LRB- Linda Kozlowski -RRB- , they had fled back to the Australian outback , where they succeeded in ending the threat of a Colombian drug trafficker , and Sue , when asked if she was ready to go home , said , `` I * am * home . '' And , apparently , there they stayed , for when we join them in this installment of the franchise , they 've made themselves a home near Walkabout Creek and have a nine-year-old son -LRB- Serge Cockburn -RRB- , known as Mikey Charlton because his parents are n't legally married . When Sue 's newspaper-magnate father calls to tell her that the editor of his LA paper has just been killed and he wants her to take over till he can find a replacement , she 's reluctant to leave her family , but Mick sensibly points out that there 's no reason they ca n't go too ; Mikey , he says , is his grandfather 's heir , and someday `` he 'll have to choose '' whether he wants to be a newspaperman or an apprentice croc-hunter . How 's he supposed to decide if he does n't experience * both * lifestyles ? So off to LA they go . Mick remains the innocent country boy in the big city , but his bush skills prove invaluable when evidence begins to suggest that the defunct editor met his end through human agency and was trying to expose something hinky connected to a small-time film studio run by Arnan Rothman -LRB- Jere Burns -RRB- . With the help of his buddy Jacko -LRB- Alec Wilson -RRB- , Mick discovers the truth and brings the bad guys to book . There 's no character in film quite like Mick , and if you liked his previous adventures , Crocodile DundeeandCrocodile Dundee II , you 're sure to enjoy this one as well .
 I just finished and I thought this film was very good ! The bad reviews do n't take into account that Hogan & company are n't first-rate actors , but I think they pull off a great film . His `` wink '' at the end of being a `` private-eye '' would actually probably work as a film . Too bad he 's getting a little old for such.Enjoy this for what it is
 The third movie was not as good as the first two , but , it was good . I particularly liked the scenes in Australia and in the bush country with all his friends ... This one takes place in California and although the story line was good ... lacked a little of the excitement of being in the bush ... love these two together ...
 `` Crocodile '' Dundee sits in a canoe sharpening his famous knife , a monstrous croc hides somewhere in the deep . Suddenly , it attacks , tearing Mick 's boat to pieces and leaving him and mate Jacko up a tree . Life for Mick can only get easier , right ? When Mick arrives at home , he discovers longtime companion Sue 's newspaper-mogul father has called , and needs her help on an article at the paper 's Los Angeles branch . Mick , who recognizes his importance in the modernizing bush is now no more than as a tourist attraction , agrees to join her , and together Mick , Sue , and son Mikey head for the wild country of L.A. . Here the adventure truly begins , as Mick and Jacko brave a cowboy bar where the horsemen are of a different color , and a Hollywood film party where everyone seems interested in Mick 's mate Malcolm `` Mal '' Gibson 's colorful exploits . Soon , Sue 's article leads to a sleazy film producer , so Mick gets a job as a monkey wrangler at his studio , where his investigation uncovers some very sketchy goings-on . Crocodile Dundee is Los Angeles is a wonderful finale for anyone who loves the first two . Paul Hogan did the world a wonderful thing when he created the character , so why not come back around by one final wonderful installment . A nice finishing touch .
 This is somewhat predictable and follows a formula . I still enjoyed it and got the popcorn out on a Saturday night . `` The Wonder from Down Under '' and Mrs. too were great . It is a picture very suitable for the family as well . It is a bit understated , but a very pleasant way to pass the time . I have all three of the movies . I am hoping they will make a forth before Paul Hogan gets to old . At 69 he still looks good and in his prime ! -LRB- Hell the Mrs. Hogan still looks great too ! -RRB-
 The third Crocodile Dundee movie has the Australian going off to Los Angeles to accompany his common-law wife while she fills in as a journalist for a man who has died . She soon uncovers some shady goings-on in a film studio and she dispatches Dundee to do some undercover sleuthing . This film has the usual high jinks and laughs , but somehow Crocodile is n't quite as funny now that he 's been domesticated and has a young son .
 After thirteen years in limbo , Mick `` Crocodile '' Dundee is back . This was a really enjoyable movie that everyone in my family enjoyed watching . The picture provides lots of laughs and the story works rather well.Mick and the love of his life , Sue , have a son together and are living in Mick 's home territory of the Australian Outback . However , a publisher at a Los Angeles newspaper that Sue 's father owns suddenly dies and her father temporarily offers her the position until a permanent replacement can be found . Surprisingly , Mick agrees and they move to LA. . Once there , Sue begins to investigate the sudden death of the previous publisher and Mick goes undercover at a movie studio.The critics blasted this film , but like many of the movies they review , they are way off target . The film is funny and family oriented . The plot is more believable than many big budgeted affairs and there is very little violence and no sleaze . The only major drawback about the movie is that it has been thirteen years since the last Crocodile Dundee film . The movie fits well within the trilogy , but since it has been so long since the last movie was in theatres , much of the movie 's humor is lost on the audience -LRB- there are several references to Mick 's character or things that happened previously , something you do n't know much about unless you 've seen the other films ; this is an 80 's type comedy with a modern sensibility , but if you 've never seen an 80 's comedy much of the humor will be lost -RRB- . Overall , a delightful film that the entire family can enjoy ; well worth your time and money .
 Paul Hogan returns 13 years after the last ` Crocodile ' Dundee film and surprisingly still provides enough comedy and charm for several movies . ` Crocodile ' Dundee in Los Angeles is a pretty funny movie , it 's also the most family oriented film out of the Croc trilogy . It 's funny , but never violent or sleazy . Essentially it 's another ` fish out of water ' story , but Paul Hogan 's Mick Dundee is such a fun character to watch and an easy one to like that the lack of an original story does n't detract too much from the proceedings.It 's been 13 years since Dundee II , Mick and girlfriend Sue Charlton reside in Austrailia 's Walkabout Creek with their son . Mick still runs Never , Never tours and Sue is still a reporter for her father 's newspaper . When the editor of the LA branch dies , Sue 's father asks her to take over operation in LA until a permanent replacement can be found . Sue agrees to do it and Mick agrees to come along and take their son ... before you know it , it 's off to LA.There 's not much originality in the script , but it moves along fast enough and provides enough laughs ... there are several funny moments in the film -LRB- especially the freeway bit -RRB- and the kid is surprsingly cute . If you 've seen the previous two films , you know what to expect . What makes this film work , especially as an aimable family flick , is the charm and warmth of it . It 's not overly sappy , but a character like Dundee is one that children will get a kick out of , because his misadventures are amusing and a little silly . Parents wo n't mind their kids watching because Mick is a character that gets along with people and sees the good in them ... it 's an uncommon theme to find in today 's ` family ' films , but one that parents will appreciate their kids learning.Don ' t listen to the critics when making up your mind to see this film , they 've been way off base . ` Crocodile ' Dundee in Los Angeles is a funny , charming movie . One that parents can enjoy because it 's legitimately funny , and one that parents wo n't mind showing their kids for the same reasons and also because it 's good , honest and clean fun.Can ' t wait for this trilogy on DVD , it 's a must add to your collection !
 I actually liked this better than the first two films . I had to drag my daughter to the theatre to see this with me . Both of us ended up laughing so hard that our stomachs hurt the next day . You might say that Paul Hogan has his own brand of sophisticated humor . Sophisticated may sound like an odd word to describe his Outback brand of slapstick but it really is ! Crocodile Dundee is such a slick character that you do n't know when you 're really being put on or not . This film is great fun . There is never a dull moment . The secret here is that the plot does not take itself serious at all . There are scenes that are just plain dumb but they work so well . I think we are all getting tired of the fast paced slam bang rapid fire so-called sophisticated humor , that this film is a welcome return to go old fashioned homespun grassroots comedy . It even has a great score by Basil Poledouris . Highly recommended .
 Why do most people go to the movies ? I believe the majority go to be entertained and to escape reality for an hour or so.Mic and Sue are comfortable with their life and the film does n't need to exploit bedroom scenes to prove they still are a couple . The addition of the son was fun and the kid was fun to watch . Only drawback is that they did n't have more of him.Jacko was a priceless addition for his ability of being the straight guy to Mic.For people who go to the movies for reality , wait for the next National Geographics ' film.Some critics need to get a life and realize that 99 % of movies made have very little to do with reality . Just sit back and have fun.The movie is defiantly worth adding to the family collection .
 I actually liked this better than the first two films . I had to drag my daughter to the theatre to see this with me . Both of us ended up laughing so hard that our stomachs hurt the next day . Now we get to watch it on DVD . It seems to get funnier with each viewing . You might say that Paul Hogan has his own brand of sophisticated humor . Sophisticated may sound like an odd word to describe his Outback brand of slapstick but it really is ! Crocodile Dundee is such a slick character that you do n't know when you 're really being put on or not . This film is great fun . There is never a dull moment . The secret here is that the plot does not take itself serious at all . There are scenes that are just plain dumb but they work so well . I think we are all getting tired of the fast paced slam bang rapid fire so-called sophisticated humor , that this film is a welcome return to go old fashioned homespun grassroots comedy . It even has a great score by Basil Poledouris . Highly recommended .
 13 years after the last misadventure of Australia 's favourite adventurer he 's back , this time taking a slice out of L.A. , and boy , did they diserve it . paul hogan reserrects his famous character again for more great laughs . i had reservations about this film but i came out pleasantly surprised . there were a few great laughs but generally a steady flow of chuckles from start to finish . its a shame that hogan waited so long to make this installment because it has really taken away from its box office appeal . the only advice i cane give is if you liked Croc I and Croc II then you 're gon na like Croc III . i had figured after seeing it whether this one would have been more successful had it been released closer to the first two , and sadly i 'd have to say yes .
 `` Fun for the whole family ! `` How often to you see that quote when reading movie reviews these days . Unfortunately , not often enough . Well , I 'm happy to say that `` Crocodile Dundee in Los Angeles '' * is * fun for the whole family , and if you do n't agree with me , you must be a dirty old crocodile!Subaru Outback spokesperson Paul Hogan returns to the silver screen as Mick `` Crocodile '' Dundee - our favorite bloke from `` down under '' since Yahoo Serious.After seeing John Carpenter 's `` Escape from L.A. '' , I was hesitant to see another movie based in the city of angels . Carpenter 's dark and violent vision of the not-so-distant-future left me with an uncomfortable chill . Although , that scene where Snake Pliskin surfs with Henry Fonda -LRB- or was that Peter ? -RRB- was pretty sweet ! `` Crocodile Dundee in Los Angeles '' does n't need the `` Hollywood special effects '' , `` big budget '' or `` competent director '' to succeed - it does just fine by itself . Filled with knee-slapping pratfalls , and crazy hijinks , do n't be surprised if you wake up your neighbors with your boysterous laughs -LRB- assuming you live close to your neighbors -RRB- . Paul Hogan and Linda Kosolowososswski are Hollywood 's best on-screen -LRB- and OFF-screen ! -RRB- couple since Keanu Reeves and Lori Petty in `` Point Break '' . Their chemistry is simply priceless ! `` Crocodile Dundee in Los Angeles '' will leave you with a wonderful feeling !
 At first it appears to be 2 tired actors going to LA. . Not so . Paul Hogan and his real-life wife , Linda Koslowski , stay in character , yet have reason to go to Tinseltown . Their on-screen natural appeal should create layoffs for the Hollywood choppers.The natural charm and bonhomie is once more in evidence as they go to Hollywood hotspots . The camera alone captures hilarious contrasts . The encounter with a `` sensitive '' Mike Tyson is more than amusing . Only the genius of Hogan would find as much outback in Hollywood necessary to spoof and satirize.I think this send-up stands its ground admirably . Clean , family fun .
 I have watched all the three Crocodile Dundee movies in the theatre as well as their re-runs on cable TV at home : - Crocodile Dundee I ; - Crocodile Dundee II ; - Crocodile Dundee in Los Angeles : I am very impressed by the hilarious antics of Mike Dundee -LRB- Paul Hogan -RRB- . I also like his down-to-earth character.What I have enjoyed most in watching the three movies is that , I have learned that one can use sheer human ingenuity & creativity to overcome obstacles , no matter how intimidating they are ... some life-threatening ones , too!Just watch how Mike Dundee -LRB- sometimes with his side-kick -RRB- out-thinking all the predators & / or bad guys in all three movies ... in the treacherous hot outbacks of Australia & the mean streets of New York ... -LSB- When a mugger poked a small knife in front of his face , Mike took out his jungle knife & said
 Personal charm , handsome energy , good taste in his gal and most of all , an elevated sentient awareness of danger about him . He 's allways ready for adventure and a positive attitude towards people at EVERY very moment.Find a way to make a couple more . -LRB- ... -RRB- DR. MARIO T. SCADUTO -LRB- ... -RRB-
 The opening scenes of the last of the Crocodile Dundee films is reminiscent of Jurassic Park as we see a crocodile 's eye open on camera . Great shot . Paul Hogan returns as Mick Dundee after many years . The first movie was completed in 1986 , the second in 1988 , and this movie brings our hero back in 2001 . The thirteen years have taken their toll and both Paul Hogan , as well as the leading lady , Linda Kozlowski now look more mature . The chemistry is still there ! At first , we see Mick attacked by a monstrous crocodile that destroys his boat , making him seek the safety of a tree branch.His friend and mate , Jacko , played by Alec Wilson , joins him and both end up on the tree . A prelude to a very funny movie . Sue is called back to the U.S.A. by her father , but this time they travel to the Los Angeles branch with their son Mikey , played by Serge Cockburn.While in Los Angeles Mick continues to be a fish out of water , his expertise with animals , his survival skills , and his great charm serve to make him rather successful . He gets involved in helping Sue investigate crooked studio executives , and resolves the mystery of what and how they are smuggling into the U.S.A.An excellent movie to close one of the best series ever produced .
 Crocodile Dundee II was terrible , nowhere near the class of the origin Crocodile Dundee . The third one arrived 13 years later . I would say it is way too late for a sequel . So it did n't do well at all the box office . But surprisingly the third one is much better than the second one . The story about Mick Dundee visited LA only to discover a Hollywood film company is smuggling expensive paintings from former Yugoslavia . It is quite funny and with quite a few of one liners . George Hamilton and Mike Tyson appear as cameo . The DVD itself is good . Excellent picture transfer and the Dolby 5.1 is OK . Worth at least a rental .
 We love the Wild Animal Baby videos-They are not only cute but the kids learn about animals while watching . My now 4 year old has been watching them since she was about 11/2 and she still loves them .
 OPEN YOUR EYES !!! Yes , it was a movie title . This documentary will do more than a thousand blind men can tell you about what racism , race-hatred , genocide , cold-blooded murder , and geopolotics are about . It will be difficult watching for early teen-agers , but then again , with what we see on cable TV today , I could be wrong even about that.I can see many uses for this film , but especially for young men involved in -- yes , really -- sports . Gang-bangers , Boy Scouts , you name it . It is about male competition and hormones gone awry , which happens so frequently these days and throughout history one would think there would need to be no more books , no more videos , nothing more to say about it . However , as this documentary shows , there is more to say -- even from Hollywood.I have only one quarrel with the documentary . I believe -LRB- and from other sources I believe this to be factual -RRB- that the Israelis did NOT simply sit in the helicopters -- they fought back when the opportunity presented itself . Many think today -LRB- 2006 -RRB- that Israel has lost its will to fight . I hope this is not true , but I do not believe it was true in 1972 -- any Israeli would have sought opportunity to fight for himself , his family , for his country and people . Self-defense is not what this film is about , however , it is about naked racism and cold-blooded violence . It makes `` Reservoir Dogs '' look like a training film .
 An excellent documentary that demonstrates in crystal-clear fashion the danger that fundamentalist Muslims pose to the civilized world , and how the Palestinians were every bit as cold-blooded , fanatical , and murderous as kidnappers in 1972 as they are today as homicide-bombers . During the 1972 Munich Olympics , eight terrorists waltzed into the Olympic compound right under the nose of German authorities and held 11 Israeli athletes hostage , demanding that Israel release 200 terrorists held as prisoners . Long story short , one hostage was shot in front of the others , one pitched out a window , and the rest were slaughtered at a German airport , in the terrorists ' botched attempt to flee the country with the athletes still captive.The film is as visually stimulating as it is informative . The standoff and negotiations between the Palestinians and Germans were captured in their entirety on film , as was the ensuing journey to the airport ; interspersed with the live footage were current news reports , including portions of the ABC sports broadcast and commentary about the scene at hand . Anything not captured live on film was photographed , and the film 's music was artfully chosen to convey the events ' drama and anguish . Amazingly , the sole surviving Palestinian terrorist was interviewed incognito for the film , who said about the initial hostage capture , `` I felt very proud that for the first time I was able to confront the Israelis . '' The shots of the slain athletes -LRB- both at the compound and the airport -RRB- are a brutal reminder of what the Palestinian idea of `` confronting '' innocents entails.One Day in September also shows that the Germans had n't traveled very far from Nazism by 1972 , except that their military ineptitude had grown in leaps and bounds . Not only did the German police and Olympic authorities handle the crisis as effectively as a cross between Gilligan , Mr. Magoo , and Inspector Clousseau , but they were more concerned with continuing the games than they were with saving the lives of the hostages . Furthermore , they held the Mossad at bay and prevented it from getting the job done ; the Israeli squad , like so many others , was unfortunately initially fooled by what one called `` The Myth of Utter German Ruthless Efficiency . `` German cluelessness and cowardice abounded
 I remember my aunt buying me a book that chronicled the Olympic history . The last date in it when I received it was 1976 . I 'll never forget the image , shown on the cover of this DVD , when I came upon the 1972 Olympics in the book . I was too young to remember it but this image has haunted me all my life.I had heard about this video and ran across it in my local video shop . It was captivating . It was horrible but I could n't turn away.It begins with the human element , interviewing the wife of one of the Israeli athletes who was killed . Also interviewed are German officials and other key players in the whole affair . Perhaps most interesting is the interview with a surviving terrorist . His points of view adds depth to the film and his final words will leave you thinking.I do n't know much about the history of terrorism and the hijackings so prominent in their arsenal as a way of drawing international attention , but it seems to me this was perhaps the first in a very long chain of events drawing attention to the cause of the Palestinian people.Watch as it unfolds . It is dramatic and not overly sensational and will leave you astounded . I was not aware that there was such footage available . It is as if it is happening live before your eyes . I was enraged , embittered and deeply saddened by watching it but I believe watching something such as this is vital to see this to deepen our understanding of history lest we forget .
 One Day in September is a documentary like no other . Good documentaries will leave you with a sense of what a specific period in history was actually like . One Day in September goes far beyond just giving you a sense of the events which occurred during the Munich Olympics , it seems to immerse you in those events . Before unfolding the actual chain of events in the Munich Crisis , the film does a great job of depicting the political , social , and emotional state of the early 1970 's . Then , the film proceeds to lay the hostage crisis out in a seamless sequence of events . Throughout the film , one feels the events escalating and the desperation building . None of the incident is left un-inspected and unreported . In addition , the film is made even more complete by the insertion of present-day interviews with the Israelis and Germans involved , as well as the only surviving Palestinian terrorist who took part in the operation . To hear commentary by those who were personally involved , proved extremely powerful . If this film does n't give you a true sense of the gravity and horror of the Munich Hostage Crisis , I 'm not sure what will .
 Extremely engaging documentary about the world 's first real global glimpse of terrorism , in it 's ugliest , fanatical form . Wonderfully compiled by Kevin Macdonald , attempting to make the first `` documentary/movie '' . In my opinion , he does n't exactly achieve his ambition , but makes a damn good documentary instead . A graphic representation of the events that took place at the 1972 Munich Olympics . All partys are on hand to tell their version , including the athletes ' families , the Israeli secret service , the Germans , & incredibly , a surviving terrorist . This is the film 's selling card . I liked it so much , I played it again straight after . Definately recommended for those who are aware or even unaware of the truths about this appalling day in human history .
 Simply put , this may be the finest documentary I have ever seen . The use of archived footage and interviews with key subjects involved with the tragedy makes the viewer feel like they are watching the event live back in 1972 . I also thought the film was very balanced . While not condoning the acts of the terrorists , I came away from the film with an understanding of the suffering of the Palestinians , something that I think the media sometimes ignores . Of course , I also came away feeling the utmost sympathy for the 11 Israelis who died and the families they left behind.In short , you will not find a more thorough and objective account of that terrible September day in Munich . I highly recommend viewing it .
 Others here have given extensive detail about the content of this fascinating film , so I wo n't bother with that . I 'll just say that I came to the table with very little foreknowledge of this tragic event in history , and when it was over I felt as though I had been given a fairly balanced account . Douglas ' narration is suitably understated , and the one surviving perpetrator is given an opportunity to present his side of the story -LRB- not that he comes off very sympathetically -RRB- . An excellent and engrossing documentary , even if you are n't personally invested in the politics . I 'd skip Spielberg 's made up aftermath movie `` Munich '' and just stick to the facts as they 're presented here .
 There are a number of amazing things in this video . This DVD dates back to a time when peaceful competition between national teams was what everyone expected in the Munich Olympic Games of 1972 , and even the 1999 Academy Award for Best Documentary Feature was before 9/11/2001 made the war on terrorism a daily concern for more people than had previously worried about how the rest of the world matters . Whoever expected to see a documentary in which a group of Germans decided that they were about to engage in a suicide mission and unanimously voted not to attempt what they had been planning to do ? People who are inclined to keep track of how often governments lie might be interested in who first announced that the hostages had all been saved , and the terrorists killed . It becomes obvious during the film that one terrorist is still alive , on camera , and you can almost see who he is.The ending of the film was most remarkable for me . Some government maintains such close contact with the terrorist organizations that it was able , within a few weeks , to arrange a hijacking of a flight to Frankfurt that could be used as a cover for the release of the three survivors , in the interest of maintaining peace with the Palestinian cause for which an enormous amount of publicity had been generated by the event . Few will doubt that two of those survivors have probably died as a result of assassination teams , and it is likely that some government is keeping track of who has been getting killed , so the identity of the survivor at the end is only a secret for people who do n't need to know . You can learn a lot else from watching this , and you can even listen to a few lines in German . There might be German subtitles for people who know how to pick the setting . There were n't many other DVD options , but the English subtitles hepled me a lot .
 As a child , I was too young to fully understand this tragedy when it happened . As an adult , there are many aspects I still ca n't understand
 Having read the previously submitted reviews , I think that ONE DAY IN SEPTEMBER 's one significant flaw is its cursory portrayal of Palestinian grievances . The highly-trained Black September commandos had definite motivations behind the decisions they made . Jamal Al-Gashey is given a very brief moment at the beginning to describe the experiences of his youth in a refugee camp , after his family had been forcibly expelled from land the Israelis wanted to annex . When analyzing the acts of the Palestinians , it is important to remember what led them to conduct terrioristic acts . In 1967 , the combined forces of the Syrians , Jordanians , Egyptians , & Palestinians were defeated in battle by the Israelis -LRB- the Six Day War -RRB- and the West Bank and Gaza Strip occupied . After this war , unarmed Palstinian protestors were routinely shot down by Israeli security forces . Not having the advanced weaponry of Israel and seeing peaceful protest mowed down in a hail of gunfire , the Palestinians turned to terrorism as their only viable option . They struck at the 1972 Munich Olympics because of the high publicity . Their Israeli victims were not merely athletes , but also reserve soldiers , per Israel 's requirement that every Israeli serve in the military -LRB- Orthodox Israelis excepted -RRB- . What happened at Munich was horrible , and it should n't have occurred . It is vital , however , to understand the motivations of both sides and know why they made the decisions they did .
 I 've seen the DVD `` One day in September '' and i 'm outraged by some reviews , so i shall write you in french , if you permitt
 One of the great lines in Stanley Kramer 's `` Judgement at Nurenberg '' was given to Burt Lancaster in his portrayal of Ernst Janning
 As I stated in my earlier review of the book of the same name , the film `` One Day In September '' reminded me of the day when I learned , in my then 12-year-old innocence , that nothing is sacred to terrorists , not even the Olympics . I need n't worry about revealing `` spoilers '' in this review , since probably anyone who would have an interest in seeing this film already knows its horrendous outcome.I have a great love of historical dramas - `` Titanic '' and `` JFK '' are among my favorite films - but unlike these -LRB- and the earlier docudrama `` 21 Hours At Munich '' -RRB- , this film has much more to offer - specifically , the perspectives of those parties directly involved . The relatives of Andre Spitzer and Jacov Springer give voice to the dead -LRB- although , truthfully , I would like to have heard from the other families - Ankie Spitzer , while a great lady , is interviewed EVERY time this subject comes up -RRB- . In a real coup for the producers and director of this film , the last survivor of the Munich murderers , Jamal Al-Gashey , crawled out of hiding long enough to proudly recount the deeds of his terrorist compatriots -LRB- A question - why is this man still alive ? Mossad , where ARE you ? -RRB- . Several of the German police and government officials speak about their attempts to resolve the crisis without -LRB- for the most part -RRB- shirking their responsibility for the tragic ending -LRB- although one will be quite off-put by General Wegener 's seeming callousness and the Keystone Kops-like bungling in general -RRB- . Newsreel footage brings the events of 1972 back to life in all its ' horrendous flower . As a word of caution , I recommend that any viewer should steel him/herself for the last 10 minutes of the film . If the images do n't infuriate you , they should at least make you cry . If neither happens , you have no soul .
 I recently saw this film on Bravo , and after viewing it immediately went online to Amazon to see if it was availble on DVD ; it was , and I ordered it . I was only 10 years old when these events took place , and had only a vague recollection that something `` bad '' happened . To see the complete and total ineffectiveness and incompetence exhibited by the Germans in dealing with this crisis would be almost laughable if it had n't produced such catastrophic and appalling results . I realize that at the time we in the west were relatively `` newcomers '' to terrorism and terrorist activities , but we were hardly babes in the woods . The idea that the Germans would refuse Israeli assistance when they had absolutely no idea of how to deal with this type of situation strikes one as though it must have been driven by pure ego . This film demonstrates in an unapologetic and unabashed way in microcosm what we are confronted with in the world today ; emboldened Islamo-fascists who will demand 100 % complete submission , surrender and conversion or your death . There was no negotiating with these extremists back in 1972 and if anything the situation has deteriorated . If there was a lesson that was learned from this tragedy it is that Germany formed GSG9 , -LRB- their specialized anti-terrorist squad -RRB- , as did many other western countries in the aftermath of this murderous catastrophe . That is small comfort I suspect , though , to the families and loved ones who paid the ultimate price to teach us this lesson . Golda Meir is quoted as having said `` until they love their children , more than they hate us , we will not have peace '' . Today , we all can utter this quote with equal applicability.By the way , before anyone might be tempted allege that I am Jewish and merely spouting rhetoric I am a Catholic-American of French , Lithuanian , Czech descent.One last question that I have maybe someone can help me with . When I watched this film I began to wonder if the nation of Israel had participated in any olympic games since the summer of 1972 , and I have not been able to find out the answer . Thanks .
 I just saw this film again , and in reading the reviews here , I am saddened to find the antisemitism that was prevalent in the film , alive and well here too . However anyone feels about the conflict in the Middle East , these athletes were innocent , unarmed , defenseless civilians . Funny that is , how all the terrorist acts around the world , murdering thousands of innocent civilians , have always been executed by Arab extremists . Never Israelis . Not once . The cowardice of a bunch of armed thugs `` capturing '' unarmed people in their beds , and being treated as `` heroes '' for doing so , sickened me . They are liars as well , since they said that they did n't intend to kill anyone unless they `` had '' to , and the first killing was immediate , with the threat then of one hostage executed per hour . What was even more sickening was the fact that the Games were not immediately halted . First , seeing all those people sunbathing , playing ping pong , etc only feet away from the room where the hostages were held , waiting to die , reminded me of pictures I have seen of Germans lounging in cafes , laughing , while the noose tightened around the necks of Jews all around them . Who could be entertaining themselves while this was happening ? Then , the fact that the Games were not immediately halted was unbelievable . I know what was said about the reasons why they were n't , but that is meaningless . I know the other athletes had been training for years , but how could they go on with their contests while their fellow Olympians ' lives had already been taken , with others ' hanging in the balance ? Does being an Olympian mean you do n't have to be a human being ? The thing that kept resounding to me , throughout the film , unspoken but louder than anything else , was `` who cares . It 's just Jews . `` I was thinking about the fact that there have been Olympic Games for a hundred years , and nothing like this has ever happened before or since . Not once was in mentioned in the film that the ONLY time this has ever happened was to an Israeli team , in Germany . No one thinks this is quite a coincidence ? I do n't think it is coincidence at all . All the egregious errors made by the German police made them look like Keystone Kops , and still no one drew the conclusion that the bumbling was intentional , that they had no desire to and no intention of saving the Jews , so they did n't ? Germans are not bumbling or sloppy . They executed two world wars on multiple fronts and developed extremely efficient death factories , killing millions of people , yet they are powerless in the face of less than TEN terrorists , and unable to rescue TEN people in the apartment ? It showed the guys filming the `` surprise attack , '' yet no one stopped them or would know that the rooms had televisions , and therefore the terrorists would also see them ? No one on the police force had guns or knew how to shoot them ? The list goes on and on . The terrorist said that the East German team helped them to plan the way in . I am convinced that the Olympic Committee and Germany either knew this was going to happen or chose to do nothing when it did happen . The hijacking/prisoner exchange was shown to be bogus , and the Germans complicit . I am convinced they were complicit in the murders of the Israeli team as well , and that the blood of those Jews continues to be on their hands . They should have been banned from ever being able to host or compete again . To have had criminal charges to be brought was too much to hope for , since the terrorists themselves were never even charged . It was true after the war and still true , that you will get off scot free if you kill Jews.Who was the bastard that was laughing ?
 Like any sports fan , I know the tragedy of the 1972 summer olympics . Although only 1 year old at the time , I knew about it in later years through stories and short segments on tv and magazines . BOY ... DID I LEARN MUCH MORE ABOUT IT AFTER BUYING THIS DVD !!!!! I did n't realize , even by its title , that this tragedy began and ended on the same day . It 's like the typical 2-hour movie where you realize after it ends that it spanned only one entire day . It is such a shame that these wonderful role models and heroes to the people of Israel had to give their lives because of some stupid wannabee-Bin Ladens who decided to mix sports with politics . Watching it brought such disgust ... from the little concerns of other athletes who were relaxing outdoors in the same premises to the local authorities who anyone certainly knows did not get trained to handle terror-related situations to the olympic committee who chose to continue the games regardless of what happened , it is a documentary that both saddens and angers you . It is like an action movie where you hope the superhero will come to the rescue and bring the story its happy ending . The only difference is ... there is no action hero and there is no happy ending . It is one of those movies that deep down inside makes you realize how sickening racism is and how we forget not to judge a book by its cover . Unbelievably it was not until 24 years later , at the 1996 games in Atlanta , that the olympic committee finally decided to pay tribute to these brave men who gave their lives for all . If you are looking for the perfect sports documentary , I suggest you buy One day in september . Peace !!!!
 The Olympic games are supposed to be a time when political differences are cast aside and people from different nations can join together in the spirit of competition . Most of the time , these international games can be counted for their objective and welcoming nature with minimal interference from outside factors.But in 1972 , the Olympic world was shaken when three Palestinian terrorists held Israeli athletes hostage and eventually killed them all . This tragic moment is the main topic of this documentary , narrated by movie actor Michael Douglas . This documentary takes you behind the scenes , with footage from the actual siege , commentary from the news journalists who hoped the event could be settled peacefully , and comments from one of the actual terrorists himself , Jamal Al Gashey.This documentary lets the viewer see and hear what happened and it has some good educational value . I found out a few facts about this event that I had n't heard before or had forgotten . The most significant of these facts was the fate of the three terrorists . They were detained in a German prison after the shooting spree , but they were later turned over to their homeland when a German airliner was hijacked and its terrorists demanded that the three Olympic terrorists be set free or else they would blow up the airliner . The German government gave in to their demands . This is unusual in and of itself , but the other circumstances make it seem even more unreal - almost like Germany orchestrated the entire event.To keep this documentary entertaining , like a movie , the director includes several classic rock tunes and there are many segments where all you see is a bunch of miscellaneous scenes and music playing . These scenes have little to do with the subject matter so I can only surmise that the director did this to make it seem more like a full , Hollywood production.These three terrorists were never brought to justice . They were turned over to their homeland where they undoubtedly received hero 's welcomes . Jamal Al Gashey 's role in this documentary is probably the most important part of the film because he explains , in his own cold , indifferent way , why he is proud of what he did and how it helped the Palestinian movement . His inclusion , alone , makes this documentary worth watching.The Olympic games are supposed to be free from political influence and for the most part , these ancient games achieve their goal and steer clear from this area of controversy . But every now and then , politics rears its ugly head . The 1972 Olympics is one of the most extreme examples of what can happen when militant individuals strike terror into the hearts and minds of innocent victims . And it makes this documentary one I recommend watching .
 This is the film that `` Munich '' should have been.It 's the story Steven Spielberg should have told.It is a brutal , moving , and brilliant look at one of the most shocking events in history.The most remarkable thing about the movie is how unbiased and even-handed it is.The filmmakers make every effort to present both sides of the story evenly and fairly.They are remarkably nonjudgemental , even showing great sensitivity to the Palestinians as well as the Israelis . `` One Day In September '' is amagificent documentary that should be seen .
 Simon Reeve 's docu-drama on the 1972 Munich Massacres is certainly worthy of its Academy Award . There 's no doubt about that . However , his book is much , much better . He is very detailed in his writing and once you get into the book , you will be very surprised to learn what Reeve uncovered during his research . The video , sadly , does not include Reeve 's meticulous details . Learn the whole story . Read the book .
 What can one say about this film . It speaks countless words to you and can really alter your feelings and emotions in a single performance . Never have I seen a film and left feeling totally angry , disbelief & hate . * How could such an event have taken place ? * Why did the events transpire the way they did ? These are the questions that you find asking yourself , and can never find the answers.Kevin Macdonalds direction gives you a certain similarity to JFK ; another shattering event in our time , by way of Flashbacks , immediate cuttings to news footage -LRB- especially the infamous scene of terrorist on balcony with balaclava -RRB- Like JFK , this proves to be yet another film with great controversary , and most deservedly won the oscar for Best Feature documentary.It is amazing really , although it is a documentary it has the look and feel of a race against the clock thriller . If this was fiction , it would be far better than any other thriller produced to this date.On a final note , I am reminded about the fact that already has history seen nazi attrocities but now being reminded again about another attrocity involving the slaughter of Jews and again on german soil . You would think that after the Nazis , such an event could never ever happen again , and yet it did .
 I already knew about the horrible events of the Munich games and the deaths of the Israeli athletes at the hands of the fanatic Palestinians , but I was not aware that there were many opportunites to save the Israeli team , but were horribly bungled by the Germans.This tragedy was preventable , but due to gross mishandling of this incident by the German authorities , every single Israeli hostage was killed.This documentary will upset you , move you , anger you and ultimately make you ask the question every has asked ... why ?
 This sad but riveting documentary describes the 1972 Munich Olympics kidnapping of Jewish athletes by Palestinian terrorists and the ordeal which ends in tragedy . Well done , especially with interviews of the family members who lost so much .
 On September 5 , 1972 , in an ordeal that lasted into the early morning hours of the following day , the Olympic ideal was brutally attacked when members of a shadow Palestinian terrorist group known as Black September hopped over the fence at the Olympic Village in Munich and killed two Israeli athletes , holding nine others hostage and threatening to kill them unless their demands for freeing two hundred political prisoners were met . With Israel point-blank refusing to negotiate , and having to take responsibility for this , a rag-tag German hit squad unleashed their firepower on the terrorists at the Furstenfeldbruck airfield just outside of Munich ; and although three of the eight terrorists were eventually captured and the other five died in the melee , so too did the remaining nine Israeli athletes . It was the first act of terrorism ever televised to an international audience ; and in 1999 , it was the focus of the Oscar-winning documentary ONE DAY IN SEPTEMBER.Narrated by Michael Douglas , ONE DAY IN SEPTEMBER examines , in a span of only ninety-one minutes , the way the 1972 Summer Olympics were laid out , and how it led to what took place . Munich was , just four decades before , the epicenter of the Nazi movement ; and when it was awarded the '72 Games , memories of Hitler 's 1936 Berlin Games , as well as the horrors of World War II and the Holocaust , were still fresh in the population 's memories . The organizers of Munich '72 were determined to make it as different from `` Hitler 's Games '' as was humanly possible ; and while theirs were noble and good intentions , it turned out to be their undoing . The perimeter of the Olympic Village was a mere rusty fence , as opposed to sturdier materials like barbed wire -LRB- so as not to look like a concentration camp like Dachau , which was only seven miles away -RRB- , and the security guards not only had no visible firearms on them , but they also did n't even look like security guards to begin with . This was how the eight Black September militants scaled the fence , with the unintentional help of drunken American athletes , and broke into the Israeli apartment at Connollystrasse 31 . A great deal of negotiating between West Germany and Black September ensued , and the world was transfixed to their televisions , as they watched what had been up to that moment a peaceful Olympic celebration suddenly turned into the most overt act of terrorism the world had seen to that point.Attempts by the West German government to end the standoff by force were totally unsuccessful -LRB- the country had no counter-terrorism force of its own , and relied on municipal cops -RRB- ; and when the terrorists and the hostages were transported by helicopters to Furstenfeldbruck , the situation took the ultimate horrifying turn . A whole horde of untrained German snipers unloaded on the airfield ; and over the next forty-five minutes , all hell broke loose . Once the melee was over , officials of the West German government and the Munich Olympic Committee had stated that the terrorists had been killed , but the Israelis had been saved . Later on , of course , it was revealed that something totally different had transpired . It was up to ABC sportscaster Jim McKay to deliver the terrible news to the world
 One Day in September , 2000 filmIt starts with an interview of a widow . Next that of a Palestinian revolutionary -LRB- who is still in hiding -RRB- . We see men training for combat . The Olympics were held in Munich in 1972 . Security was kept lax . The Palestinians planned to attack on September 5 . The East Germans allowed some Palestinians into the Olympic Village to scout the location . The Palestinians attacked and captured Israeli Olympians and offered to trade them for the release of Palestinians imprisoned in Israel . There was no deal . This event attracted international attention on television , radio , and newspapers . The German police tried to get information about the terrorists while delivering food , but failed . Solving this problem was left to the Germans . The Olympic Games were suspended.The deadline for a decision drew near . One athlete had been killed . German Border Guards were chosen for a surprise attack with machine guns on the Palestinians , but the order never came . This news was broadcast on television and the Palestinians were warned . They changed their demand for a jet plane that would take them and their Israeli prisoners to a friendly Arab country . The Germans planned to prevent this from happening . A Boeing 727 would be used as a decoy so snipers could shoot the terrorists at the airport in the open . But the Germans underestimated the number of terrorists . The lights went on and the shooting began . The snipers failed to shoot them all . The wrong men were shot ! Armored cars were late in arriving . The first reports said all hostages were saved ! This was soon corrected with the tragic results
 The Bottom Line : Though its soundtrack choices are bizarre and inappropriate at times -LRB- Deep Purple during a montage of death ? -RRB- , One Day in September does an excellent job mixing interviews with computer simulations and archive footage to not only display what happened during the Munich atrocity , but also to point the finger of blame .
 This film has stayed with me for many years . I thought about it on 9-11 , and every time I see anyone from the PLO . It have given depth to this issue for me personel .
 i found this film so upsetting . i was a teenager when these murders took place . i remember watching the tv all day . i remember the outcome ; all dead . what i do n't remember learning was how incompetent the germans were during this rescue . if these had been german citizens , would it have played out differently ? i hated this documentary BECAUSE it upset me and felt compelled to finish watching it BECAUSE it upset me . seeing the dead athletes seemed unnecessary until you think about the fact that the horror is more real , the need to respondmore urgent when you see the results of fanaticism and rabidity . this murderous day in our world history should be seen as a battle cry to defeat , once and for all , those who refuse to live and let live in tolerance , if not peace .
 Without going into the historic details , this DVD is a masterpiece of documentary filming . Severely affecting , it made several members of my family cry throughout the film . By the time the movie ends , you will be deeply disturbed . This DVD is a must-have .
 I found this film so , so interesting that I have watched it many many times . I belive it to be one of the best done doc . films in years.I did find that the film left a lot of questions out there . Why was the German goverment so bad at handling these events ? Was it that they did not want to look war like in dealing with the terroists ? Was it handled badly because the were Jews in Germany and there is still a lot of antisenitesum -LRB- anti Jewish -RRB- fealing in Germany ? Was it becase this was the first event like this ? Or was it just a lot of bad calls on there part?The question that realy stays with me is WHY DID THE GAMES NOT STOP ?
 I love this movie so much . I am an israeli and i have studied the munich attack for many years and this movie is great . If you are a jew , non-jew , whatever ! you should see this movie , its an amazing movie !!!! It really captures the whole attack before and after .
 This film recaptures the feelings of shock , frustration , & horror I felt while watching these tragic events unfold almost 30 years ago . 1972 began an era of terrorism & fear for the world . No one can watch this without feeling sorrow & complete helplessness . The film does not focus on the politics of leading up to the attack . The athletes murdered that day were not politicians or soldiers . They were the victims of a terrorist act that no social or political situation can justify . As with any historical documentary they can not give every detail & you need to read further to obtain all of the facts . This flim shows a time in history when the world seemed mad & honors the memory of the innocent .
 This documentary is a brilliant study of the 1972 murder of 11 Israeli athletes at the Munich Olympics . It follows the entire incident from the beginning of the Games to the death/escape of the Palestinian terrorists . It also contains some coverage of the post-Olympic Mossad 's revenge killings of some of the terrorists , though not in much detail.What makes the film indispensible is the interview with the lone survivor of the Palestinian terrorist group that committed the murders -LRB- he has been in hiding ever since and the Mossad has not been able to track him down -RRB- . It is the only documentary in existence that contains the direct perspective of any member of the terrorist group.It won the 1999 `` Best Documentary '' Academy Award and is narrated by Michael Douglas . Contains extensive footage from ABC 's TV coverage of the event .
 Simply fantatsic - this film ranks as one of the five greatest documentaries - editing work like you have never seen . Top quality .
 One Day in September is - I think - one of the best docos I have seen . I found it gripping and left the cinema almost drained.I was very happy that the film maker let the story tell itself from the actual footage of the time and interviews with Ankie Spitzer and the one surviving ` Black September ' terrorist . There was no excessive reliance on voice overs.There was a good mix of footage from the games themselves which I think captures the spirit of the time.I read a previous review that claimed the whole doco was a bit thin . Perhaps it was . It did assume a certain level of knowledge . However , I think that even if you did n't know the background , you would still come away with the fundamentals on the event.While I think the film-maker was perfectly justified in ` kicking ' the Germans for their handling of the crisis , I felt he was a little unfair in belittling their efforts at trying to make the Munich games the ` friendly games ' after the obvious legacy of the 1936 Berlin Games . While in hindsight the security was lax , it was understandable that the Germans took this approach.So , I would highly recommend the film . It was entertaining , gripping , educational in its way , and leaves you coming away with a feeling of profound regret that the crisis ended the way it did.A worthwhile buy .
 I was in college from 1970-74 and I missed out on a lot of news during those years primarily because I rarely ever watched TV then . -LRB- There were far too many other things to do -RRB- . I saw `` Apollo 13 '' and wondered , Wow ! When did that happen ? Of course , when I realized it was during that time frame , I understood just how cut off I was . The Munich Olympics did not entirely escape my attention but I was n't exactly an expert on the subject either . That is why I enjoyed the documentary `` One Day in September '' recently . I knew the basics but I had n't realized that the whole story had so much more to it.In `` One Day in September '' , we are giving a step by step account of exactly what DID happen in Munich . In fact , after a good background intro , the film shows us the exact time of each incident or event as they ocurred . Much of the action -LRB- and inaction -RRB- is documented with newsreel footage of the times . There are a number of eyewitness interviews many of which appeared to have been conducted later for this film . The narration is limited and seems to have been used only to bridge sequences and/or inform us of background activities not otherwise documented by film or interview . Most of the information I saw I either never knew or had long forgotten . I am glad that I saw this film because I wo n't forget this again.The film , I believe , actually opens with an on-camera interview with one of the perpetrators which had the eerie effect of letting us know that there was some element of `` success '' for the terrorists . The interview with this individual is interspliced throughout the movie and is quite helpful -LRB- although it may be bothersome to some that he survived the terrorist action -RRB- . There are a number of interviews with German officials who seemed to have a knack for phrasing things in just the wrong way . Indeed , I recalled that the German government came off looking bad but I 'd forgotten or did n't know just how bad . Things just seemed to get worse and worse largely due to the ineptitude of the German authorities.Documentaries are often seen and then forgotten . Maybe there 's a documentary channel somewhere I have n't heard about but I do n't think so . `` One Day in September '' has reappeared recently on TV recently and I 'm glad it has .
 Yes , there is a connection ! Why blind ourselves ! Terrorism and how the world has acted and reacted are today 's results . Learn from the past , learn from the truth . We can stop yesterday 's mishaps of becoming tomorrow 's disasters ! Well documented , raw & to the point . You do n't need Michael Douglas ' voice/narration to give the movie a backbone , the movie carries itself strong enough ! Yes , it does leave you for thought for food , the right food ...
 oh , what the heck can one say ? the miscalculations by the germans , by the israelis , by the terrorists , by the media
 Oscar winner for the best documentary of 1999 , `` One Day In September '' is an unflinchingly , explosively powerful film that should be mandatory viewing . No matter how many times I 've seen this film the images still haunt me long after the film is over.Using archival footage , photos , & new interviews with key people involved , as well as , family members , `` One Day In September '' chronicles September 5 , 1972 & the massacre of the Israli Olympic Team in Munich , West Germany home of the XXth Olympiad.From the early dawning hours of the break in at the Olympic Village , to the tragic final hours at the airport , `` One Day In September '' shows the viewer a raw , unflinching look at what happened during that dark day.Usually , for me , I 'm not particularly a big fan of the documentary until I saw this film -LRB- when I used to hear the word `` documentary '' I would think of the old high school science or nature film that I would have to watch in class & my eyes would start to glaze over with boredom -RRB- . I first watched `` September '' , spookily enough , 28 years & 3 days after the incident & less than one year before another September day . A darker day in American history that would be forever known as 9/11 . Like I said twice before the film is unflinching , but also a bit brutal & overall honest -LRB- the film states the facts & does n't preach.I find that a rarity -RRB- . Scenes that still stick in my mind : The daughter of one of the slain athletes tells of how she sees her father thru the eyes of people who knew him , but , she can never hug him or tell him that she loves him -LRB- she can barely speak the last words without her voice breaking & her eyes tearing up -RRB- . The film then cuts to photos of the slain & bloody body of her father lying on the floor of one of the athletes rooms.Led Zepplin 's , `` The Immigrant Song '' plays over images of that days Olympic events -LRB- yes , the games continued as the hostage crisis escalated not to far away -RRB- . While the tragedy unfolded , not more than 200 yards away , fellow Olympians were preparing for the days events or relaxing poolside , oblivous as to what was going on.Disturbing photos of the airport tragedy & the strewn bodies of the victims in the aftermath.As for the DVD re-release , it 's basically the same as the original with the coverart a little different . `` One Day In September '' should not be missed & is a perfect example of why terrorism must be stopped throughout our world .
 Even though you know the outcome -- 11 Israeli Olympians and coaches killed by terrorists -- this Academy Award-winning documentary will keep you on the edge of your seat . `` One Day in September '' depicts the tragic hostage crisis at the 1972 Munich Olympics . Among those interviewed is the one surviving terrorist , who describes his training and how thrilled he felt to be doing something for Palestine.The recollections of Ankie Spritzer , widow of the Israeli fencing coach , particularly make the viewer experience the horror of having a loved one held captive . Mrs. Spritzer describes how she wondered whether her husband was alive or dead when the news reported than an unnamed hostage had been murdered , and later , her elation at reports that the remaining hostages were safe at the airport , and finally , how she received the horrible news that the rescue attempt had gone terribly wrong . Seeing the daughters who grew up never knowing their fathers brings home the continuing sadness of this event.Kevin Macdonald 's documentary also includes an interview with the head of the Massad who was denied permission to send in an Israeli rescue team and was assured that the Germans could manage the situation . The Massad chief bitterly recalls the numerous unthinkable errors that the Germans made
 I bought the original DVD release of `` One Day in September , '' director Kevin MacDonald 's 1999 Oscar-winner -LRB- for Best Documentary Feature ; it overtook in the race Wim Wenders 's beloved `` Buena Vista Social Club '' -RRB- when it first became available . It now appears that the Dec. 20 , 2005 DVD release is a re-release -LRB- or should I say re-issue ? -RRB- ; but it appears to be at a cheaper price -LRB- $ 15 - $ 20 range vs. the older one in the low - to mid - $ 20s -RRB- . Based on my research , this DVD will have more features , including Text/Photo Galleries and Bonus Trailers -LRB- the original was a bare-bones basic -RRB- . The DVD looks like a worthy buy , and I intend to get it for a relative of mine who has yet to add it to his/her library . -LRB- Side note
 Two recent events made me watch this ... the recent anniversary -LRB- Sept. 5 , 1972 -RRB- and much much more , the terror in America -LRB- Sept. 11 , 2001 -RRB- . While the events are not related terrorism is terrorism . I did n't know a ton about this horrific event , but after viewing the film , I was shaken.The film makers make an engrossing film . Peter Jennings is featured -LRB- shades of 9/11/01 -RRB- . It is like , as another reviewer wrote , like a true thriller . I was astounded by the cruelty of the IOC -LRB- well , they are criminals in recent years , but bribes and ignoring death are different crimes -RRB- . The completely pathetic response of the Germans -LRB- Willy Brandt has blood on his hands here -RRB- -- who , according to one particularly chilling interviewee abandoned the airplane -LRB- `` it was a suicide mission '' -RRB- and may have lead to the Israelis doom . The interview with the lone Palestinian survivor is illuminating and frightening . As mistakes by Germans , Arabs , etc piled up , I wanted to freeze the film and somehow change history . In the end , blame belongs most of all to terrorists . But more than blame , the 11 Israelis were heroes and deserve to be remembered in history.Oh and the next time some idiot complains about the recent suspensions of football or baseball , tell them to rent to this . They wo n't complain again.A worthy purchase and one that is tragically , even more relevant today than ever .
 This film did an excellent job of retelling a significant event that has been downplayed or simply forgotten in the hopes that `` progress '' , coexistence and my personal favorite , `` peace '' can be attained in the Middle East . This film brought back my first memories as a child watching the Olympics and not understanding why this wonderful event that brings the world together had been brought to a fatal halt in the name of world politics . Unfortunately , as we experienced with the United States boycott of the 1980 Moscow Olympics and the Soviet/Communist Block boycott of the 1984 Los Angeles Olympics , the Munich Massacre would not be the last time that we would see the Olympic games utilized as a political soapbox . Macdonald did an excellent job of bringing in footage and interviews that we were not privvy to in the pre-cable days of the 1970 's . The family interviews showed tragic and destructive memories that continue to pain the victims nearly 30 years later . The sadly unprepared and unqualified German security was unconscionable . Opposition against the Israel had been occuring ever since it was restored in 1948 . War was declared against Israel in 1948 by neighboring Arab nations , the Sinai Campain/Suez Canal blockage of the 1950 's , and the Six Day War in 1967 just to name a few events that marked the need for increased security for the Israeli team . Not to mention that just the gesture of increased security by the German government would have been a huge public relations boost to rid themselves of their recent reputation ... But they chose not to do so . I had the priviledge of working security at the 1984 Olympics and it was basically a very low key job -LRB- there was a large security force plus local police and paramilitary -RRB- except when the Israeli team arrived with a surrounding motorcade and chase helicopters from above . Things got very tense and serious . I began to realize the magnitude of the events that occured in Munich . One glaring ommission of the film in its portrayal of the Black September Palestinians is the fact that there is not one mention of Arafat or the PLO throughout the film . It has been well established that Black September and the PLO were one in the same . These acts were not merely done by a fringe group . Arafat has admitted this with his disclaimer that the PLO has since grown more `` moderate '' . The film does not mention this , for fear of perhaps being labeled Pro-Israeli . However , this was a fact that should not have been overlooked . The film portrays the events as an Israeli/Palestinian issue but as we see with the `` heroes funeral '' the slain terrorists receive in Libya and their earlier request at the airport to be taken to any Arab nation with the hostages , the conflict is , and always has been , an Arab/Israeli conflict and not merely an Israeli/Palestinian conflict . I judge any film by how much I think about it afterward . This film invoked much thought and I 've never been prompted to write a review like this with any film I 've seen before . It was a good film about a turbulent time that should not be forgotten .
 I remember seeing some of this footage live when I was 12 yrs old watching the Olympics . The games of Mark Spitz and Olga Korbut and terror on Live TV . But this movie shows much more than what we saw on TV back then . It 's also somewhat balanced - showing the tragedy of the Israeli athletes , but also giving a glimpse of the plight of the Palestinians . The lone surviving terrorist grew up in a Palestinian refugee camp in Lebanon where he built up his hatred , after his family was pushed out of their homeland . Mainly , I came away with feeling this would be a good training film for SWAT teams and hostage negotiating teams on what NOT to do . My guess is that because this was the first incident of it 's kind , the German police were just completely inexperienced and clueless . It was most interesting to hear how the terrorists prepared for this . They were mostly young , trained in Libya , not told of their mission until the day before . Eerily similar to current terrorist acts . There is also a mixed message about negotiating with terrorists . Golda Meier made it clear
 ONE DAY IN SEPTEMBER is an intriguing documentary covering the brutal killings of eleven Israeli athletes by a radical Palestinian terrorism group at the 1972 Olympic Games held in Munich , Germany . First-rate film archives of the unfolding drama are shown throughout this film and are interspersed with present-day interviews of numerous individuals directly involved , including the sole remaining terrorist who remains in hiding to this day in fear of Israeli assassination squads . Although the ending is not a secret I found this film to be gripping and suspenseful.One of the most compelling aspects of this film pertains to how Germany failed repeatedly to effectively protect the athletes and to successfully rescue the hostages . Participating in the 1972 Olympic Games was a momentous symbolic measure for Israel as German-Jewish relations remained sore nearly three decades after the collapse of Nazi Germany . Security surrounding the Olympic Village was intentionally relaxed and the guards did not carry guns . This apparent loophole enabled the terrorists to infiltrate the Israeli housing complex and carry out their treats to the vicious end.Watching this documentary is very timely considering present-day political situations in the Middle East and the upcoming summer Olympics in Athens , Greece . It is my dear hope that the Greeks will learn from the mistakes of the Germans and protect all the athletes and spectators from harm . The camaraderie and spirit of the Olympics should not be overshadowed by acts of terrorism . It 's sobering to realize that 30 years later the Palestinian-Israeli conflict remains in the headlines and claims countless of lives . Highly recommended .
 This film is great ; in that it takes the viewer straight through the horrors of the 1972 Munich Olympics and the kidnapping , negotiations and , ultimately , the murders of 11 Jewish athletes by the terrorist group , `` Black September '' . This group , under the orders of Yasser Arafat , the guerrilla leader turned Nobel Peace Prize winner who forced his people 's plight into the world spotlight , who died Thursday at age 75 - still reviled by many as a terrorist , has been all but exterminated by Israel military forces . The film is a shoker . `` TWO THUMBS UP ! ''
 This is the story Steven Spielberg would n't be able to tell as it 's based in truth . The Munich Massacre is described via the reflections of those who survived and remember the fallen . Here , technically , the film is flawless and Michael Douglas is a strong narrator . One of the wives of a slaughtered fencer ironically noted , `` This was what he always dreamed of , '' with the world coming together around the idea of sport , peace , and understanding . What he got was evil and West German government incompetence , but the world will always remember these games due to the way in which evil overtook them . Important political lessons are available from the event such as the futility of negotiating with terrorists and the foolishness of thinking that the show can go on while people are exterminated . How much of this event was the fault of the Germanys is not often considered , but the terrorists were given a tour of the village by the East Germans beforehand , and the Federal Republic did not have any armed police at the site or an assault squad available . If you ask me , they should have let the Israelis bring their own team in to take care of the situation .
 I was a year old when this happened . Whats not important is the tacky juxtaposition of rock music and some of the events -LRB- Deep Purple 's `` Child In Time '' playing to the flashes of the dead Israeli athletes ' bodies killed the climax for me -RRB- . What is extremely important is that this film exposes Europe 's real reason for its reluctance in the war on terrorism
 This was an amazing documentary . Just to imagine what these hostages went through is so sad and frustrating . We live in a time where something like this can happen again . This movie draws you in from the very beginning . You have a complete understanding of what happened that horrific day . I saw `` Munich . '' After that , I had to get the documentary and see for myself the actual events that made the world glued to their television sets . I was only 4 when it happend and I still remember watching it on the televisiion . This brilliant documantry made you understand what it was like to watch something tragic like this unfold in front of your eyes . The worst thing is that nobody could do anything . You just had to sit and watch and hope everything is going to turn out okay .
 This is a great workout that helps strengthen the muscles often used when riding . It 's a very short , but very effective , program that is reccomended for use 3x per week . It has a warm up portion and then 3 sections that target the legs & buttocks , arms , and abdominals , as well as short cool down session . You really feel the burn towards the end of each section , but just when you ca n't do anymore , the trainer switches to a different target group of muscles . I would highly reccommend this tape for anyone looking to improve their fitness , rider or not . Please note however that this video has extremely limited clips of horses and is in no way anything other than an exercise tape -LRB- nothing on horseback , etc. -RRB- . No equipment such as dumbells , medicine balls , etc. are required or used in the tape . Good for beginner through advanced exercisers .
 How could Fox legally make this movie ? The plane tethering and crash sequences as well as the rescue helicopter shots are straight out of `` Cliffhanger . '' As Treat Williams -LRB- or is it a substitute ? -RRB- comes to the rescue , we switch to `` Narrow Margin '' footage . At this point , I was hoping that Gene Hackman might step in to save the day . Near the finale , we are given the great 18-wheeler roll and bridge explosion from `` The Long Kiss Goodnite ! '' By now , not even cameos from Geena Davis or Samuel L. Jackson could save this film . The Tesla device was the only original idea - had it not been just a fantasy , we might be living in a very different world ; without -LRB- to quote dialogue from the film -RRB- `` new-kew-luhr '' problems.I think this DVD has a chance of becoming a collector 's item in that it is SO , SO BAD . It will bring a great many hearty laughs to action film buffs ! Buy a copy before it goes out of print !!!
 If you 're looking for an action movie , this film is a total train wreck . But once you get past the shock that you paid money to rent/buy this thing , it turns into one of the funniest movies Ive ever seen . Its hysterical - from the plot to the acting . You gets lines such as a dignified , famous author who uses all 50 cent words , saying of her deceased husband `` I miss his ass '' . Another member declines a gun when leaving the plane saying `` I wont wander far from the plane '' . Next scene , he 's WAY off in the woods being eatten by a bear . As the rest of the characters watch on , someone says , heres the gun - go kill the bear , Treat says seriously `` not now ! hes feeding . '' I loved this film . Its perfect for mystery science theater 3000
 A great movie that turns into a real horror movie because it happenned and still goes on , covered up by a parent , like in the movie . This movie is probably more relevant today than when it was released because of so many single parent families in todays society . I caught this movie on cable TV and recently transfered it to DVD . I wish it was available on video with out all the comercials which really kills the tension between the two brothers . Atleast I was able to delete the comercials , but a good quality DVD is due this great movie .
 This vhs contains Mouse of the Desert , Stop ... pay Troll , & Planks A Lot -LRB- a nautical adventure -RRB- .
 My first encounter with the music of Ms. Haendel was in the wonderful VHS/DVD `` Art of the Violin . '' The insights offered in the interviews as well as the short excerpt of a performance were such that I was determined to find whatever was available of her works , whether it was in VHS/DVD or CD/Vinyl . The 2 works on this video are incredible . The passion she projects , as well as the technical mastery are breathtaking . I am not pleased with the coy and `` girlish '' tones whe uses in the interviews shown on this video , but I realize it was probably the norm for the time period in which they were recorded . She probably would have been castigated had she used any other .
 I 'm not sure if this movie was based on the real-life incident that occured on Easter Sunday , 1994 , with the convicted and sentenced high school teacher , Diane Borchardt , who was a ray of sunshine at the school , but a miserable and abusive step-mom and wife at home . Her husband could n't take it anymore and started a relationship with another woman . And when Diane found out , she went crazy and began terrorizing her husband and the woman while she seduced one of her students to murder him . It was made into a made-for-cable movie and is often aired on Lifetime Network . `` To Die For '' was a bit different , but still enjoyable .
 I have had this movie for years . I have watched it many times . I had it on VHS and wanted to purchase it on DVD .
 This movie is a must see . It is so clever & original with fantastic characters that you will love to hate ! The acting is flawless all round - 100 % need to see .
 This is a dark comedic tale of love and ego . Nicole is &#34; To Die For &#34; in this film . With a great supporting cast that includes Matt Dillon and a young Joaquin Phoenix this film is funny , touching and entertaining .
 Nicole Kidman bugs me , so it says a lot that I love this movie . Joaquin Phoenix is also just a gorgeous human being and this is the first film that really shows his potential as an actor .
 The black humor is very subtle . If you do n't follow the plot line closely , you might think the story is just a second-rate drama . That is n't easy with Nicole Kidman raiding all her scenes . I 'm not a big fan of hers , but this is her before Botox , and she is smokin ' !
 Intelligent , witty , funny , and suspensful take on the pursuit of fame and the media machine . The best thing Nicole Kidman ever did and probably the most entertaining movie from Gus Van Sant .
 ANOTHER great movie by Gus Van Sant . The storyline is easy to follow . It has a really good cast . NOT boring at all .
 I throughly enjoyed ` To Die For ` especially Nicole Kidman 's and Joaquin Phoenix 's performances in their respective roles , plus the supporting cast also contributed to make the storyline credible and beleivable . A very good director 's job from Gus Van Sant .
 This is a great example of dark-comedy in film . Directed by Gus Van Sant and adapted from the novel of the same name written by the incredible Buck Henry , it is a personal favorite of mine . I have read the novel and was living in New England in 1990 when a young woman named Pamela Smart hired her young lover to kill her husband . The book , as well as the film , is based on this true story . The film stars Nicole Kidman as Suzanne Stone , an attractive young woman whose biggest dream has always been to be on television and in particular a famous network newswoman . She will go to any lengths to achieve this goal . The film opens with Suzanne dating and ultimately marrying . Her husband , -LRB- Matt Dillon -RRB- , wants his wife to settle down and start a family but Suzanne has plans for stardom and NO ONE BETTER STEP HER WAY ! Nicole Kidman is outstanding in the lead role and there is a great ensemble of actors that make this film a dark but hilarious look at how crime never pays .
 It is not really my sort of movie , but it turned out to be a real winner . It is a story of a woman who wants to be famous at all costs . She ends out having her husband murdered and then ... Overall it made me think.I thought it was well acted particularly by Kidman . The film was well filmed.Worth seeing .
 I have to say that Nicole Kidman 's acting in this film shows her incredible range of talent ! If you like dark -LRB- very dark -RRB- comedies , this rates as one of the cleverest . I loved it !
 `` To Die For '' is a great little gem of a movie that , in my opinion , ranks as one of the best dark comedies of the 1990s . Nicole Kidman , in one of her finest performances , is stunning as Suzanne Maretto - her maiden name is Stone - a completely self-absorbed , amoral , and utterly ruthless young woman who will let nothing stand in the way of her obtaining her goal of being a `` television news star '' . The film is shot in the style of a slightly wacky TV documentary , which only adds to the fun , as we see the `` post-tragedy '' interviews with those who were involved with the late Miss Stone . Stone is an attractive but cold-blooded blonde in a small New England city who is desperate to become a celebrity on a national TV News Network . As proof of her warped psyche , she tells the audience `` You 're a nobody if you 're not on TV '' - which unfortunately does seem to accurately describe the feelings of many people these days . She 's also determined to move up the social ladder in her little town , and so as the film begins she seduces and marries the handsome quarterback of the high school football team , Larry Maretto -LRB- Matt Dillon -RRB- , the most popular boy in town . Larry 's sister despises Suzanne and sees right through her facade , but he is so entranced he does n't listen . Larry - a traditional , decent , but old-fashioned young man - goes to work in his father 's pizzeria , and expects someday to inherit the family business . Suzanne , meanwhile , gets a job as the weather forecaster for the local rinky-dink TV station , and begins to have dreams of glory . One of the darkly funny aspects of this film is that for all of Suzanne 's scheming and ruthlessness she 's not very bright , and her attempts to sound and act `` sophisticated '' are often hilariously inept . One scene in which she invites her boss 's family to dinner and tries to impress them by using `` fancy '' French words -LRB- which she hilariously and cluelessly mispronounces -RRB- is priceless . When her faithful but old-fashioned husband asks her to quit her job at the TV station and help him with the family 's pizzeria , she decides he 's `` impeding '' her career and that she 'll have to kill him . So she seduces an underage teenage geek -LRB- hilariously played by a very young Joaquin Phoenix -RRB- , has a torrid sexual affair with him , and convinces him to murder her hubby . At first she uses the shock of the murder to obtain further publicity - `` you 've got to think of your career first '' - from the local and state media . Unfortunately , her underage love affair is discovered and she is ruined . Ever undaunted , she begins plotting her comeback , but Larry 's family -LRB- they are Italian , after all -RRB- , has a little surprise planned for their murderous in-law . Kidman 's performance is dead-on - she plays Stone as a parody of the type of person who will do ANYTHING - even commit murder - to get on television and become `` somebody '' . The supporting cast is also excellent . The most troubling part of this film is that it was loosely based on a real story - an attractive New Hampshire schoolteacher who by most appearances had everything seduced a fifteen-year-old student and convinced him to kill her husband - apparently so she could leave her hometown and try to become `` famous '' in the big city . `` To Die For '' may seem like a delicious but improbable story - but it 's really not all that far from today 's news headlines . Ouch !
 If you would like to see a really great performance by Nicole Kidman , pick up a copy of `` To Die For '' at your local video store . Directed by Gus Van Sant , screenplay by Buck Henry from the book by Joyce Maynard -LRB- both Henry and Maynard have bit parts in the film -RRB- , `` To Die For '' is a wicked little gem of a film.Kidman won the Golden Globe award for Best Actress for her performance , and frankly I thought she should have gotten the Academy Award -LRB- unless I remember incorrectly , I do n't think she was even nominated for an Academy Award for it -RRB- . But she is absolutely brilliant in it
 Nothing like a little dark humor and feminine fangs to make a mash of the culture driven by 15-minutes-of-fame . In this case , a riveting Nicole Kidman as a perky , self-obsessed suburban nutcase who has big dreams of finding fame and fortune , even at the expense of her husband.Directed by Gus Van Sant in his usual cobbled-together manner -LRB- hoary , quasi-documentary devices to propel the screenplay , regular flashbacks , direct-to-the-camera diction , etc. . -RRB- based on Buck Henry 's trippy adaptation of a novel by the same name . The result is a pleasantly watchable movie that moves quickly and keeps you guessing the limits to which our protagonist would limp to achieve her ambitious goals.I felt that the premise , beyond its chirpy surface , is quite thought-provoking . If our perky weather reporter were to be successful in her quest then we could believe that total dedication to a quest is admirable and ultimately rewarded -- regardless of the means employed . Can we condone murder though ? Perhaps we are offered a tongue-in-cheek hyperbole that extremes are necessary if we are to escape our station in life.This movie apart from amusing you will surely leave you with something to savor , not just off its theme but from the brilliant supporting performances of Casey Affleck , Matt Dillon and especially Joaquin Phoenix.Recommended rental .
 To Die For is an excellent , detailed portrait of a female narcissist . This movie is no comedy . If you ever have the great misfortune of tangling with one of these psychopaths , trust me , you WONT be laughing.Nicole Kidman plays Suzanne Stone , the girl who grows up as the center of her family 's never-ending attention , the Golden Child Who Can Do No Wrong . As life goes on , Suzanne hones her manipulation skills , and marries Larry -LRB- played by Matt Dillon -RRB- , who reflects back to Suzanne the image of herself that she wants to believe and see . Perfect!That is , until Larry demands that the marriage include him . In bed one morning soon after being wed , Larry wants to make love with Suzanne . She icily shoves his hand away saying `` get your hands off me . '' She has to get ready for work , to `` fix my face '' for the world . It 's performance time , and Suzanne is always on . Larry just does n't get it . Their life is about HER , not them . When Larry broaches the topics of having children and her helping him out in the family restaurant business , Suzanne decides he has to go . This girl has global aspirations . She wo n't be marginalized with motherhood and a family business!When Suzanne lands a job at a community TV station , she turns a small job fetching coffee and running errands into her role as the weather girl reporting from `` The Weather Center . '' She soon executes one of her many grandiose schemes
 If you like your humor smart , wicked , ironic , and served on a silver platter , this one 's for you . Buck Henry wrote the screenplay , which should say plenty about the level of intelligence and sly wit at work here . Nicole Kidman gives the performance of a career as a woman who looks , acts , and dresses like a Barbie doll come to life . She has completely bought into the myth that , frankly , we all believe to one extent or another . That is , being on tv is a good thing and validates a person , makes that person more real than real . Her obsession to be a tv celebrity is like a narcotic for her.Suzanne Stone lives in a fantasy land , imagining that her role as the weather lady on a local cable access tv station will somehow be a springboard for Babwa Wawa type notoriety . Watching her voracious , yet somehow sadly innocent , ambition is both funny and horrifying . Kidman plays it perfectly , never winking at the camera . The story , though based on actual events , is little more than a vehicle for many wonderful performances . Her husband , played with real comic skill by Matt Dillon , has to go , he 's just in the way . The stoner , semi-goth high school students she enlists for the hit , including Joaquin Phoenix , are charmed and subservient , amazed that a celebrity would pay attention to them . -LRB- As we would be if Oprah asked us to wax her car , which we probably would , because we also believe that being on tv is a good and important thing . -RRB- Other inspired performances include George Segal in a splendidly cynical cameo , succinctly summarizing tv business reality . Dan Hedaya , who must get his 5:00 shadow somewhere around 9:47 a.m. , is just right as the guy who settles the score . But the real sleeper is Illeana Douglas , narrator and Ms. Stone 's sister-in-law . She smells a rat long before anyone else , and her wise-acre sarcastic delivery is terrific , especially as she gracefully skates over the evidence . That 's cold!Van Sant is a very interesting director . Drugstore Cowboy was as fascinating as it was disturbing . Elephant offered an amazing look at Columbine through the other end of the lens . Finding Forrester , a tad trite and commercial , did have heart . Good Will Hunting , yikes , what did we do to deserve the twin monsters it loosed upon the landscape ? Even Cowgirls Get The Blues , one of the best books ever becomes one of worst movies ever . My Own Private Idaho . This movie , featuring an unnerving performance by the late River Phoenix , was chilling , haunting , beautiful , and absolutely brilliant . Van Sant is certainly capable of greatness , and Kidman is also . In To Die For they are both at their absolute best .
 Nicole Kidman plays the perfect psychopath in TO DIE FOR . The psychopath is the one area of psychology that no one has a cure for . Psychopaths lack moral impulse . They not only do n't have the vaguest idea of what right and wrong mean , but they also do n't understand why other people can get all exercised about violations of right and wrong . Kidman in the movie does n't murder because it 's calculated and she can get away with it ; she does n't even think that far ahead . And that 's what makes acting a role like this so blamed difficult . Kidman pulls it off in what I regard as one of the two greatest bravura female acting performances in the past quarter century . -LRB- The other is Kate Nelligan in the 1981 movie , EYE OF THE NEEDLE . -RRB- If only the screenplay were up to Kidman 's level , it would shake five stars out of me . There 's a little too much fussing about with the teenagers , and some scenes last too long . A good editing job could have trimmed ten or fifteen minutes out of this movie and made it one of Hollywood 's all = time best . But , given what we have , if you watch it only for Kidman 's incredible , incredible performance , you 'll get a lot more than your money 's worth .
 Wow ... what a movie ! And the fact that it 's based on a true story makes it even more fun to watch . Kidman fans will go crazy over this film because it is one of her most ravishing performances to date ! She is EXCELLENT in the role of the blonde seductress , Suzanne Maretto . Suzanne is an aspiring television newscaster and she is willing to do ANYTHING to become famous ! When she starts to feel smothered and `` held back '' by her husband -LRB- played by Matt Dillon -RRB- she decides to manipulate 3 teenagers -LRB- played by Joaquin Phoenix , Casey Affleck-the younger brother of Ben Affleck , and Allison Folland -RRB- into killing him . A dark but witty film that will satisfy hardcore Kidman fans . A supporting cast of Illeana Douglas -LRB- who plays Matt Dillon 's sister -RRB- and Dan Hedaya -LRB- who plays his father -RRB- works well also . This movie was actually remade for TV in 1991 , called `` Murder in New Hampshire '' starring a young Helen Hunt , although it was n't as good as this one !
 Nicole Kidman and Matt Dillon play their parts very well and are support by a great cast including Joaquin Phoenix and Illeana Douglas . Kidman 's character quickly comes into focus as someone that most of us probably did n't like when we were in school . She lies , cheats , and panders with the best of them . Matt Dillon 's role changes over time . He seems to go from a lady 's man to one that is ready to make a commitment . Phoenix and Douglas fill their roles very believably . The cast was wonderful.The only reason I rated this less than excellent were problems I had with the script/editing . The movie seemed to move all over the place at points for no logical reason . Because of the somewhat jarring approach the ending seemed to be a forgone conclusion . The real thoughtful challenge was how it going to there .
 I have always loved To Die For . It 's an excellent movie , loosely based on the Pamela Smart case -LRB- that 's what essentially inspired it -RRB- . Kidman plays Suzanne Stone , a woman who wo n't let anyone stand in the way of her goal of being a professional newscaster , even her husband , Larry -LRB- Matt Dillon , also fabulous in this -RRB- . This dark comedy is one of my absolute favorites . Suzanne finds work with a local TV station and begins a project called `` Teens Speak Out '' where she involves herself in the lives of 3 drugged out teenagers . But Suzanne is n't really their friend ... she 's looking out for her best interest . To say more would spoil the charm of To Die For . Excellent through and through and very easy to watch again and again . If you are a fan of Nicole Kidman or Matt Dillon , you should definitely check this movie out . Highy , highly , highly recommended !
 Van Sant has cut off the rough edges and created one of his smoothest and most mature films . This scathing black comedy has everything , a scenery chewing Nicole Kidman , snappy editing and music , great support from Ileana Douglas , Matt Dillon , Joaquin Phoenix , Dan Hedaya and Allison Folland , plus that good old anti-Hollywood feel .
 This movie has everything going for it ! Quirk & humor in spades , dude . Nicole Kidman stars as a woman so obsessed with her television career that she has her interfering husband murdered by her teenage lover . This movie is good for many types of people
 Although Nicole Kidman is an Oscar-winning actress who has starred in many Hollywood films , very rarely has she appeared in a movie that went to the top of the boxoffice charts . Never in the same league as Sandra Bollock or Julia Roberts , Kidman has , however , developed an ardent fan base that loves her performances and admires her for the fact that she does attempt to find that one movie that will someday make her a major boxoffice atttraction . In `` To Die For '' Kidman plays Suzanne Stone , a wannabe weather girl at a local TV station who dreams of becoming the next Barbara Walters in her hometown . She marries a man -LRB- played beautifully by Matt Dillon -RRB- who is part of a powerful mafia family . When he attempts to start a family with her and insists that she put her career dreams on hold , Suzanne plots to kill him . A wickedly yet dramatic film , `` To Die For '' is my favorite Nicole Kidman movie . I was surprised when I discovered the film was a major flop at the boxoffice as it is truely the best movie Kidman has ever done . Budgeted at $ 20,000,000 , the film only took in 21 million . The role of Suzanne was offered to Meg Ryan originally who turned it down because she was only offered $ 5,000,000 to star in it . The role then went to Kidman who was given a 2 million dollar salary paycheck , an extremely low sum for a starring role .
 If there was ever a reason to suspect how `` impotent '' Oscar has become , this is the movie . Nicole 's performance was one of the best of the year , tightly controlled , never begging for audience sympathy and a sharp critique of the quest for stardom and notoriety . For some inexplicable reason , even after winning the Golden Globe , she did n't even get an Oscar nomination . Shame ! In this film she mixes together , most deliciously , the collective `` wit '' and `` intelligence '' of such `` newsbabes '' as Ms Shriver , Ms Walters and Ms Sawyer who still report all news as though the loss of a button is equal to the loss of a life . After watching this film I started referring to Tom as Mr. Kidman . Ileana Douglas is also in the film and is the perfect antidote for Kidman 's character . A beautiful film in the vein of American Beauty with it 's unblinking eye focused on American life and the American experience .
 ... with lots of very awkward , difficult-to-watch cringe-inducing moments , namely around the totally oblivious Joaquin Phoenix character and Nicole Kidman 's ultra-bubbly proto-Stepford-Wives character . Matt Dillon is excellent as usual , with a strong supporting cast and topnotch camera work from director Van Sant who shows remarkabe discipline by not exploiting the sexual relationship between Kidman and Phoenix like lesser directors would have.Best of all it 's full of ruthless satire , Kidman does an amazing job . Not sure if I 'd particularly want to watch it more than maybe twice though , it 's very plot-driven , most of the characters are not very well developed .
 Ahh , would n't it have been nice to have been seduced by a super sexy , mature woman of sexual prime at the age of fifteen ? I always thought so . I had goals and aspirations too you know.Yes , those nights when my buddy and I would wait outside of Helens bar for the 1:00 am closing call to ask older women if they could read us some bedtime stories . There were mixed results.Needless to say , some lucky kids get all the fun , it seems . Most recently I 've read one about the thirty year old teacher from Florida who had sex with some lucky young kid in the back of a stolen car . WOW ! Talk about kicks ! She 's in a sh*t load of hot water now , and she does n't even CARE ! She plans on writing a book about it ! Sweet lord knows I 'm waiting for that bit . They say the kid is traumatized . Traumatized ? I do n't know man , I seen that chick , she was hot to trot let me tell ya . His friends are probably traumatized with jealousy . I know I am.Anyway , this ai n't nothing new . I 'm sure this stuff happens all the time . There are some freaky chicks out there , man . Remember that other chick that got tossed in jail because of what she did with a teenage boy . Only to get let out after five years to do it again ! Get tossed back in , and then come out to marry that kid . Its a modern day fairy tale ! What a beautiful story.Then you have this story . TO DIE FOR , the 1995 movie starring Nicole Kidman and Jou & % % & % & Phoenix . This one takes the cake for a sick twisted chick . Though she has a drop dead smile , and a body that would leave you stripped to bones . Her seduction was beyond kicks . This chick was pure evil . She really did mess up that kid . This WAS a true story that happened some time ago in a small New Hampshire town , where a very sexy older woman seduced this kid to the point of killing her husband . Oh man . That 's not part of the fantasy.Oh well , its a great movie . Any teenager who likes to wait for much older women to read them bedtime stories would be wise to check this movie out as some food for thought . I always kept Nicole Kidmans To die For character in the back of mind . You never know when an evil woman can strike a manipulative blow . Hell , man , if you ai n't careful ... she might have you wrapped around her little thumb . WATCH OUT!Five stars for a very important , if not completely enjoyable movie . Definately worth a look .
 ... sorry to disagree with the last two reviewers , this is a good movie , because Nicole plays a less than virtuous role , like she does in `` Malice '' and some say `` Eyes Wide Shut '' . Joaqiun Phoenix plays a stoner version of that kid in `` American Beauty '' and Illeana Douglas -- well , I can get thrills just looking at that babe , but she does well as that sister who knows whats up from the beginning ... this is better than what people say ...
 Insanely ambitious -LRB- or just plain insane -RRB- weather girl -LRB- Nicole Kidman -RRB- plots to kill adoring spouse -LRB- Matt Dillon -RRB- with the help of `` three dorky kids . '' Anyone who likes this might also enjoy a movie called `` Intimate Relations '' if you can find it .
 This was a really funny movie . It was smart and dark . Very Gus Van Sant . Nicole Kidman was such a bad girl . I think she was great . Joaquin Phoenix should have won an Oscar .
 I just love this movie , and I think the reviewer doesnt understand it ! First , it 's nothing but a comedy , even though you laugh quite a lot . But this also shows that , whatever happens , it 's not the adult , pretty and intelligent one who pays . It 's the young banal and quite slow kid . I think that 's what Gus Van Sant always wants to show in his movies . God ! I love Gus Van Sant !
 Nicole Kidman should have won an oscar for her electrying , cold blooded and ruthless portrayal of Suzanne Stone . A career best performance and movie for her and everyone else who made the flick .
 This movie is so funny and pretty accurate to th Pam Smith case , considering they are playing it for comedy . Kidman and Phoenix are both excellemt .
 Very satisfied with movie . Very happy as movie was lost during postage contacted Amazon and very satisfied with result and obtaining new DVD . Thank you Amazon
 In contrast to `` Direct Cinema '' -LRB- a documentary style in which the filmmakers do not involve themselves in the action - the camera being all seeing and unobtrusive-even hidden -RRB- , `` Cinema Verite '' permits the presence of the camera to make a difference in the reactions of those being filmed . Both documentary styles allow a degree of narrative freedom not permitted by the conventional Hollywood-style of a chronologically ordered series of dramatic scenes.The unique feature of `` To Die For '' is the use of both the `` Cinema Verite '' and the conventional narrative styles in the same film . Van Sant inter-cuts a traditional dramatic storyline with simulated documentary style commentaries by the principal characters . The commentaries are not just retrospective , they jump around in time and it is not entirely clear the order in which the interviews took place . Four years later `` Drop Dead Gorgeous '' would be made entirely out of simulated interviews.The interplay of the two narrative styles in `` To Die For '' is critical to the advancement of its theme about the contrasting public and private faces each of us constructs . The irony is that the faces presented in the documentary interviews are much more human and revealing than their counterparts in the dramatic scenes . Perhaps not surprising given our `` camera whore '' compulsion , these characters are guarded and private when interacting with each other but liberated , open , and out-there when being interviewed.The most interesting aspect of all this is the plausibility of Kidman 's character . At times Suzanne comes across as narcissistic , manipulative , complex , and sophisticated ; at other times shallow and naive-dumb . This contrast is because to Suzanne every waking moment is an on-camera moment , yet she is only vulnerably human during her actual on-camera moments . She embodies , to an extreme degree , feelings we have all had in smaller and more subtle ways . She simply lacks the skill and/or desire to conceal them . Almost everyone has encountered someone who , while a skilled manipulator , is utterly clueless as to the transparency of their motives to everyone but the person being manipulated.Kidman 's performance is inspired . Her clothes , her speech , her makeup , her hair , and the way she carries herself all make for a unity of complete self-absorbed superficiality . Suzanne pities us mere mortals - not because we are mortal but because we are not her.The producers seem to have gotten a little confused about just who was their target audience , which would account for the film 's poor performance at the box office . Although not exactly `` high-brow '' , the movie is obviously geared to a relatively sophisticated audience who can relate to black comedy , parody , and its psychological message . But instead of giving their film a unified style -LRB- which consistently connects to that audience -RRB- , they throw in a lot of crude humor and gross cartoonish behavior more appropriate to a teen comedy . Their target audience and even the type of teens who might enjoy this movie are more put off than amused by this stuff.Which gets into the issue of trimming . The pace of the film is a little slow and the scenes where Suzanne seduces James are embarrassingly moronic and unconvincing ; although the seduction dance is exceptional . If they trimmed 10-15 minutes from the middle of the film it would have better unity and would move along faster . The seduction angle would work better if kept off screen , there is enough explanation of these events in the various retrospective on-camera interviews . And they should lose some of the Buck Henry crazy teacher stuff-it works once but then becomes repetitive and unfunny.Illeana Douglas is wonderful as Suzanne 's disgusted sister-in-law , who closes the film skating on the frozen lake containing Suzanne 's body as the credits roll and Donovan 's `` Season of the Witch '' plays . Very cool!Then again , what do I know ? I 'm only a child .
 Nicole Kidman plays Susanne Morretto a woman determined to be a tv news anchor woman . . By any means neccassary ... When her husband Larry wants to begin a family she decides to get rid of him by using high school kids she was doing a video diary on ...
 That 's right . Suzanne Stone is NOT cold blooded . She is ambitious , young , not wonderfully intelligent and rarely taken seriously . This film 's subtly powerful accusations on the professional world 's sexist undertones are what make this film so powerful . Some may confuse Kidman 's performance as weak , yet I found that the superimposed stoicism of her character is what makes her all the more emotional and REAL . The film comments beautifully on the the idealized `` Brilliant Beauty '' and `` Femme Fatale '' that is so often seen on screen and so rarely in the real world . It attempts to deconstruct this stereotype 's opposition to the `` Beautiful-but she 's a moron '' stereotype . Kidman gives Suzanne Stone what she needs to be both pitied and hated . However , the direction seems to be more in favor of the `` hated . '' It is easy to watch this film and hate a woman like this , but the film is manipulative , like the news . The subtle innuendos may be too subtle , but this may have been a directors decision to give the film a more `` true to life feel . '' I.E. , the subtle sexism in the professional job market . You need to see this one .
 `` To Die For '' is a mean-spirited little film and one that left something of a bitter taste in my mouth . Nearly all of the characters are painted with a very broad brush , and are made to look absurd and ugly for their stupidity , spitefulness and vanity . Such harsh characterizations may seem surprising coming from a director like van Sant , whose other films generally display a strong empathy and compassion for the wide range of humanity -LRB- see
 Nicole Kidman is TO DIE FOR in this movie . That leopard-skin outfit ... oh my ! Excellent movie , done very well . See it for Nicole ... if only she had taken her clothes off ...
 This is a different story and definitely interesting . The movie is listed as a comedy but it 's more of a drama . Yes , the comedy is there but it 's dark humor and there is violence and tragedy here . It 's fascinating , every time I watch it.Nicole Kidman is very good as the beautiful and ruthless blonde who has big television ambitions . I do n't know if I ever saw Kidman look this pretty , which is saying a lot . Matt Dillon co-stars and is excellent , too , as are the two young no-name actors , Joaquin Phoenix and Allison Foland . Ironically , Phoenix went on to become a big star . When this movie came out , few people knew him.Illena Douglas gives an underrated performance and I always enjoy the odd Dan Hedaya . Anyway , if you want to see something definitely different in the way of a story , this movie falls in that category .
 Not too far from reality , I 'll bet . Distance between `` desire '' & `` obsession '' is not that far apart in our mind . Where did that occur in the film ? My wife calls this movie her favorite film ?????
 THis is one of Nicole Kidman 's earlier movies that is just fun to watch . Unfortuately the fun is loosely based on a true story . But still a good movie to watch .
 Gus Van Sant 's deliciously dark comedy features a `` killer '' performance from Nicole Kidman . Kidman won the Golden Globe 's Best Actress in a Comedy award and righteously so . She plays a devious , cunning and psychopathic young woman who will do anything to assure her success as a broadcast star . She weds a gullible Matt Dillon who wants nothing more than to settle down , have kids and run his father 's nightclub with Kidman 's undivided attention . Aha -- Kidman has other plans for her future . She persuades via sexual favors another gullible man , this time a teenaged Joaquin Phoenix -LRB- in a remarkably good performance -RRB- to help her get rid of Dillon so she and he can go off to California to make television history.While the territory is somewhat familiar , it is Kidman 's on target performance that elevates this dark little comedy to its heights of excellence . George Segal has an uncredited cameo as a t.v. exec who lets Kidman know what she needs to do to succeed , and good support is also garnered from Dan Hedaya , Casey Affleck and Holland Taylor as well.TO DIE FOR is a cynically engaging little dramedy which established Kidman as an actress to watch out for .
 Ten years ago , I enjoyed To Die For as a brilliant dark comedy that most of the rest of the world just did n't seem to `` get . '' Watching it a decade later on DVD , some of the thrill is lost . It 's still a decent black comedy with Nicole Kidman as an absolutely wicked manipulator of a woman , but the laughs I remember just are n't there.I do enjoy the storytelling style . We all know what is going to happen -LRB- Kidman is going to hire her teenage lovers to kill he husband -RRB- , so the director has a challenge of keeping the audience 's interest until that point . This is accomplished by unfolding Kidman 's career and rise to the top through a series of first-person narratives by the different characters in the story . It 's almost as if the family members and friends are being interviewed by a TV news camera after the climax of the story , and the technique is very well done.If you like offbeat , dark cinema , give this one a shot , but do n't expect award-winning drama .
 I think this is one of Nicole Kidman 's best roles . I also loved her in The Others and The Hours . Her character in To Die For is diabolical and shady and you feel like bashing her face in at times because she is just so selfish and phony . Unfortunately she messed with Italians and look what ended up happening to her . Do n't f@#$% with the mob .
 Kidman gives an outstanding performance , perhaps one of her best . She is spunky , charming , hard-working , ruthless , and determined to become a TV star . Finally , she resorts to murder . She manipulates three high-school teenagers , including her under-age lover , into helping her getting rid of an inconvenient husband . Psychiatrists would probably diagnose her as having an Antisocial Personality Disorder -- lack of remorse . The plot is loosely based on the true story of a convicted New-Hampshire teacher who seduced a student and pushed him to kill her husband .
 I want to qualify this next statement by saying I have not seen his version of `` Psycho '' . With that aside I would like to say that `` To Die For '' is Gus Van Sant 's best film to date -LRB- `` Drugstore Cowboy '' is his second best -RRB- . The Buck Henry screenplay is what makes it so good.Suzanne Stone -LRB- Nicole Kidman -RRB- is genuinely evil , there is no doubt about it . She is the personification of unbridled ambition , willing to do anything to gain her desired goal . But she is more than just the villain of the movie , she 's is the primary sympathetic character . That 's the ambiguity that makes this a `` good '' black comedy . She has a predatory mammalian intelligence that makes her dangerous , but she is also naive and just plain none-too-bright at times -LRB- though the movie does n't abound in overly intelligent characters -RRB- . And , I have to admit , Nicole Kidman has never looked so good to me , though attractive in a kitschy-kitten sort of way -LRB- I 'm heterosexual , but I tired quickly of her repetitious nude screen in `` Eyes Wide Shut '' -RRB- . The sad depths of how far she was willing to go to achieve her ambition is best shown by the scene directly after her job interview at the little local cable station . In this scene she pulls a letter-sized envelope out of her purse , rips it up and throws it in a garbage can out front . We do n't know what 's in the letter -- no letter was shown to us earlier -- but we can assume it contained an explicit promise for sexual favors along the lines of a letter she heard about , a little earlier in the film , in a story told by a journalist -LRB- George Segal -RRB- -- a letter that had helped some unidentified , though supposedly famous , news woman land one of her first important jobs.Suzanne 's husband -LRB- Matt Dillon -RRB- decides , after a year of marriage , that she has had her fun playing the weather girl down at the cable station , but she must now give that up so she could be with him at his ' and his father 's restaurant . Even though this is the event that precipitates his demise -- her preeminent evil act -- we , the audience , can feel how robbed she feels . At no point in the movie is she more a metaphor for the misunderstood artist , thwarted by the small-mindedness of others . She sits stunned and submissive in her chair as he tells her what her life is going to be like from then on , attempting to separate her from the dream that has defined her for as long as she can remember . It is assumed , throughout the movie , that Suzanne does everything out of selfish motives , but here we see he has been equally false , marrying her without really believing in her aspiration to be a news woman , supporting her in her dream for only a short time , then pulling it away when she feels she might be getting somewhere ... though she had duped herself , as usual , about how well her career was actually going.Suzanne Stone is the evil one in the movie , but none of the other characters are all that good . In many ways she is the `` scapegoat '' that redeems them . All the exploitative press about her crime spawns celebrity status for the cable station manager -LRB- Wayne Knight -RRB- , a prestige he seems to enjoy , though he had always made light of her ambition for fame . Her sister-in-law -LRB- Illeana Douglas -RRB- -- who desires to be a skater -LRB- from her first scene she appears to be not particularly good at it -RRB- , and is also depicted as competing with Suzanne for the spotlight -- describes Suzanne as being `` cold '' . Yet the very last shot of the movie shows Douglas 's character skating on the lake where we -- and we expect she too knows -- her evil sister-in-law is buried beneath the ice . I would n't say such an act -- to dance on one 's grave , so to speak -- is especially `` warmhearted '' .
 I had heard a lot of great things about Nicole Kidman 's performance in this black comedy , so many good things that I had to check it out . The problem was that I could never find it anywhere . Then , gloriously , it came on Encore the other night and so I DVR 'd it and settled down to take in the gift that is Kidman . What I found was not just Kidman 's finest screen performance ever , but quite possible Gus Van Sant 's finest film ever . ` To Die For ' is just that , a film that is to die for . It is funny , smart , witty and darkly powerful ; a film that plays to its strengths , and thankfully it has many of them.Gus Van Sant is a hit-or-miss director with me . He has a unique style that I appreciate when it is channeled properly -LRB- ala ` Elephant ' -RRB- but find myself put off when it is misdirected -LRB- circa ` Psycho ' -RRB- . He attempts to commercialize his talent with mixed results , at times drawing enough star power to make up for lack of material -LRB- witness ` Good Will Hunting ' -RRB- but then there are times when even his best efforts result in mediocre offerings -LRB- take ` Finding Forester ' for instance -RRB- . There is no denying that Van Sant has talent and he has vision , and I respect that , but at times that talent and vision is muddled and produces films I do n't feel are really up to par . Regardless though , I still longed to see ` To Die For ' if not for Kidman and Kidman alone.Luckily for me , Van Sant is at the top of his game here and matches Kidman 's brilliance step for step , pace for pace . Kidman plays Suzanne Stone , a young and ambitious woman who will do anything to achieve the fame she knows she is destined for . She marries Larry Maretto , a good looking Italian man who supports her dreams and believes in her , but his support is not enough for it alone wo n't get Stone what she wants . When Stone takes her ambitions to the next level , trying to engage some high school students in a news segment , she meets three particular students who prove to be the key to Stone 's inevitable success . Jimmy , Russel & Lydia are putty in Stone 's hands , easily manipulated and convinced to go along with Stone 's scheme to rid her of her husband and catapult her to the spotlight she so longs for.Fame comes at a cost ; and that cost is something Stone will soon have to pay.Van Sant films this black comedy as if it were part mockumentary , which aids in adding connectivity to the film , for it allows the characters to engage to audience and make them a part of the film . As each actor talks directly to the viewer we begin to feel like a part of their schemes and thus feel an intimate relation to the film . Even though the film has some devastating situations -LRB- murder and adultery -RRB- they are played out much like a Coen film , used for comedic effect and so while we are allowed to judge we are never allowed to judge too harshly.Nicole Kidman is a force in this film , a dynamic ball of comedic energy . The way she can consume her character , delivering each and every line with precision and dedication , creating a character that is funny as can be yet serious as heart attack . She brilliantly manages to coat her satirical performance with enough genuine sincerity that her character becomes a real person instead of a farce . Matt Dillon is sorely underused as Larry , Stone 's unsuspecting husband . He manages well with what he is given , but the film -LRB- like Stone -RRB- is pretty much uninterested with him . Joaquin Phoenix , Casey Affleck and Alison Folland are wonderful as the three dimwitted students whom Stone uses and abuses . Phoenix has the most screen time , for he plays Jimmy , the student who falls for Suzanne and thus becomes the focus of her attention . Phoenix has surely turned in finer performances -LRB- it 's nice to see the fine actor he 's become -RRB- but this is far from a bad performance . He captures the mental level of his character , which is n't high mind you , and manages to make him interesting . His first line in this film alone is priceless . I also enjoyed the supporting performances by Illeana Douglas and Dan Hedaya who managed to make their small roles seem larger than they really were.In the end ` To Die For ' is a brilliant satire , a fantastic film about the dangers of fame and obsession . Sure , it may seem far fetched at times but that 's what a satire does ; it blows truths out of proportion in an effort to cause the audience to realize the facts resting before their eyes . In a world so obsessed with being on the top of everything , of being in front of the cameras and in the magazines and on the lips of every living breathing human being , ` To Die For ' is a wonderful example of why that particular thinking is so far off the mark .
 Funny , edgy , and tragic , Van Sant presents us with a brilliant portrayal of society 's naked ambition and hunger for fame and notoriety . The movie was funnier and more satirical than the book . Kidman is great as Suzanne Maretto -- she 's evil incarnate disguised as a cute , perky blonde with a penchant for bright , sunny-colored , coordinated outfits and loud makeup . On the night Larry was killed is when we first see her wearing a dark color . Underneath the Barbie doll is a despicable , dastardly soul hungry to join the ranks of Barbara Walters and Connie Chung . At the same time , we know that Suzanne , for all her disturbed efforts , will never , ever make it in big-time broadcasting . She does n't have the smarts or the savvy , but in her warped mind , she thinks it is her husband Larry that 's holding her back . Kidman is especially brilliant when her Suzanne tries so hard to be professional when delivering the weather reports , but ends up sounding silly and amateurish . Kidman is also great during the cocktail scene with the dirty old network executive and his sycophants , because she makes Suzanne sounds so cluelessly stupid . Additionally , I am amazed at how well Kidman mastered the American accent . Joanquin Phoenix rivals Kidman 's performance with his portrayal of the dim metalhead Jimmy Emmett , Suzanne 's teenage loverboy and husband assasinator . Alison Folland is also superb as the overweight misfit Lydia Mertz , who is dazzled and bewitched by Suzanne . The movie format is that of a series of interviews of the main characters , tied together with continous commentary by Suzanne which turns out to be a video she is making for her interview with a big-time network executive . It is Suzanne 's over-inflated ego and delusions of grandeur which renders her blind to evil in herself and in others ; she fails to see that the bigwig network executive is a cold-blooded killer like herself . Joyce Maynard , the author , makes an Alfred Hitchcock-like cameo appearance in the film as well . For me , the most chilling part -LRB- no pun intended here -RRB- was seeing the frozen body of Suzanne underneath the ice in her little coral pink business suit and gold Monet jewelry . One of the most hilarious and telling scenes was the shot of Faye Stone -LRB- Suzanne 's overshadowed sister -RRB- and Janice Maretto as bridesmaids in Suzanne 's wedding . As Suzanne 's bridal bouquet sails through the air , these two bridesmaids deliberately move away to avoid catching the flowers . Another fun scene was Janice Maretto skating blithely across the pond that has become Suzanne 's tomb . She was the perfect character to end the film with , as she was the only one who immediately saw through Suzanne 's cutesy facade .
 The fact that To Do For is not more highly regarded is a mystery to me . It only garners a 6.7 on IMDB.com . All of the ingredients were there , an incredible and gifted director in Gus Van Sant , what I consider to be Nicole Kidman 's finest performance , a wicked and not just satirical script and an excellent supporting cast.Of particular note is Joaquin Phoenix 's portrayal of Jimmy Emmet , the typical high school metal head loser who becomes obsessed with Kidman 's evil character , Suzanne Stone-Maretto . Phoenix is a gifted actor with a wide pallet to choose from . Contrast this performance with the job he does of playing The Abbe in Quills . It makes his role in To Die For all the stronger . Allison Folland is also a standout in her debut performance as Jimmy 's pathetic friend Lydia Mertz . Together with Casey Affleck as Russel , the three unwittingly become assassins for the callous Mrs. Stone . The story is built up very effectively , and as a viewer there is never any doubt that these three `` dorky '' kids will pull the murder off.Also magnificent and lending strong supporting roles are Dan Hedaya and Illeana Douglas who play Larry Maretto 's father and sister , respectively . The part of Larry is played with near perfect un-bravado by Matt Dillon , who does so without his usual pomp and bluster . Basically , Larry is the perfect everyman trying to do right by his new wife and family -LSB- ... -RSB- Hedaya is perfectly cast and uses his natural menacing qualities quite well . My favorite though , is Janice Moretto , Larry 's sister played by Douglas , who is the only character who sees Suzanne for what she really is . The dancing on the grave ice-skating bit at the end is also really well done . Douglas does n't fall once.Hats off to Van Sant for a creating a satirical masterpiece that contains enough side elements to hold the viewers attention through more than one viewing . For instance , what exactly is Suzanne 's relationship with her father ? Also , the fact that Janice is most likely gay and this might be why she understands Suzanne so well . Cudos as well to the director for the style he employed , blurring the line between film and documentary . Some people have argued to me that To Die For contains too many cuts and flashbacks and consequently the viewer has a difficult time following the action . I do not find that to be true . Quite the opposite , I find the film to be compelling . Even after at least five viewings , To Die For firmly holds my attention throughout .
 *** 1/2 1995 . Directed by Gus Van Sant , this film is an adaptation of Joyce Maynard ` sTo Die for . Golden Globe earned by Nicole Kidman . The movie tells the story of Suzanne Stone , a woman who dreams to be on television or at least talked about . As tabloids have never been so read nowadays , there is here a guilty pleasure to replace Suzanne Stone 's character by real people . No , I wo n't tell you any name ! No . Note director David Cronenberg 's cameo as a charmer hitman .
 `` You 're not anybody in America unless you 're on TV , '' says the woman who thinks of herself as being `` like Lady Di before she dropped the prince and went nudist . '' * To Die For * is Nicole Kidman 's crossover film , taking her from `` wife of '' status , to a major A-list actress . The first time we meet her character , Suzanne Stone , loosely based on the real-life Pamela Smart , we are made aware that she is the most self-absorbed woman on earth . From offering unwanted beauty advice to her future sister-in-law -LRB- which includes the leading statement that Gorby would have done better in Russia `` if he 'd had that big purple thing taken off '' -RRB- , to admitting that she was like Jane Pauley -LRB- `` but we do n't have to struggle with the weight problem like she does '' -RRB- , we are served up a delicious character study of a conniving and deeply superficial young woman who will stop at nothing to achieve her dreams of international attention . Meeting Larry -LRB- Dillon -RRB- , a handsome down-to-earth guy who falls hard for her , she takes him `` from Van Halen to Jerry Vale , '' according to his sister Janice . Janice , who skates `` the Peggy Lipton part in an ice skating tribute to the Mod Squad '' , provides the voiceover that tells the story . Life with Suzanne is n't quite as fairytale-ish as Larry planned it - when he brings up the subject of children , she cuts him off with , `` If you wanted a babysitter you should have married Mary Poppins '' . Suzanne realizes the marriage is a mistake , but uses the opportunity to further herself . Dressed to kill and clawing her way to the top , Suzanne insinuates into the lives of three disenfranchised teens -- kids who would not be able to tell you what their aspirations were even if they knew what the word meant , whom she gratuitously practices her powers of manipulation on . `` The road we chose to travel on was paved with many speedbumps , '' she tells them , as she involves them in her scheme to murder her husband . Besotted with this glamorous figure , the teens do as she commands . In one of the most hysterical scenes in any movie , Kidman 's character has a record player brought to the funeral and she mourns to the song `` All By Myself '' in front of the assembled crowd . But , of course , over time , the close-knit group unravels and under ceaseless pressure from the authorities , they begin to crack . Alison Folland , as the young teen girl , has a heartbreaking and hilarious confrontation scene at the mall with her monstrous mentor , and she nails the character of the confused adolescent perfectly . Van Sant 's direction is quirky and lively , and more than a bit sarcastic . In scenes such as the masturbation fantasy , and skating over the pond under which the body is frozen , Van Sant -LRB- * Drugstore Cowboy * and * Private Idaho * -RRB- is at his best visually and conceptually , and has created a complex and compelling film that sets forth immensely disturbing issues , but also manages to be a comedy that is both hysterical and wicked .
 Ileana Douglas delivers this incredible line that sums up this amazing film when I knew that Nicole Kidman was a force to be reckoned with . She is an amazing actress who so succinctly pulls off an incredibly hateful character . To watch her scheme and manipulate to further her TV dreams is amazing . As the script and director show the warping that TV creates and the insane frenzy to be on Tv people laugh but all of the reality shows prove this to be true . People will do anything to get onto television , even destroy themselves or the sanctity of marriage or relationships.This insight into the minds of such people is n't so fictitious .
 Documentary style picture directed by Gus Van Sant , with Nicole Kidman at her shining best as Suzanne Stone , an aspiring tv personality who wriggles her way into local television weather broadcasting . She marries Larry -LRB- a funny Matt Dillon -RRB- who works with his father at the family pizzeria . The family is not at all taken with Suzanne 's very selfish approach to life . Eventually Suzanne sees her husband as a hindrance to her tv career and convinces some young high school students to murder Larry . The format of the film is unique and striking , and Kidman 's crazed , murderously ambitious character make this film well worth watching .
 `` To Die For '' features the same character we 've seen in hundreds of movies before . A character that is deceitful , stupid , gullible , at times smart , and has delusions of grandeur . The difference between all those movies and this one , is that this movie is told like a documentary , is darkly humorous , and is one of Gus Van Sant 's best films . The movie stars Oscar Winner Nicole Kidman -LRB- Best Actress , The Hours -RRB- as Suzanne Stone , who has apparently done something really bad . Through several interviews -LRB- which cut in with the actual events -RRB- we slowly learn what took place . Suzanne gets married to Larry Marretto -LRB- Matt Dillon -RRB- and gets a job at a Weather Station . Suzanne has one dream , one aspiration ... To be on a big network television show . And she 'll stop at nothing to get what she wants . Anyway , while filming a documentary called `` Teens Speak Out '' she meets Jimmy -LRB- Joaquin Phoenix -RRB- , Russel -LRB- Casey Affleck -RRB- , and Lydia -LRB- Alison Folland -RRB- who are all used as ploys by Suzanne to get what she wants . She seduces both Jimmy and Lydia -LRB- Jimmy with sex and Lydia with friendship -RRB- and when you have two idiotic un-social people being seduced by a beautiful blonde newsreporter ... You can pretty much see what 's going to happen for the rest of the movie . I have to admit , this movie is smart for a film in it 's respective genre . It uses every cliche invented , you can see what 's going to happen a mile away . But Kidman , Dillon , Phoenix , and Affleck are so charming -LRB- ly evil , at times -RRB- that I could n't help respecting this movie . I have to say the only fault of the film is that the cover is just as misleading as Suzanne is . Looking at the cover you 'd expect a movie chock full of Nicole Kidman naked . Truth is , there is n't any nudity in this film at all . There 's sexual situations and a couple scenes that flash by for roughly 2 seconds and are shot from above , but that 's as far as it goes . Anyway , what I 'm getting at is ... Gus Van Sant fans should be pleased.GRADE
 Everything about this movie is perefect , but it is ultimately Nicole Kidman 's performance that stands out . Her outer physical beauty does not alter the fact that deep inside , her character is a ruthless , evil , cold blooded killer . It just goes to show that you ca n't judge a person by their physical appearance . The movie also does a great job of showing the three teenage characters as being basically losers who seem to be destined to be stuck in their small town for the rest of their lives . Little Hope , indeed . Oh , and the musical score is really great , too .
 nicole kidman finally delivers the performance that we all knew she was inherently capable of . she just needed the right platform for it . in this movie she pulls off something that only she can achieve . she is intelligent , charming , vulnerable , ruthless , depraved , deluded and downright sexy all in one delectable lip smacking package that will haunt you for many days after you 've watched it . there is no one sexier in this industry . it was an excellent idea on part of the director to not show her completely naked . this way the mind is made to imagine with painful clarity , the juicy niceties that she has concealed behind the velvet bikini.in the scene where she is flashing her bikini to her morose friend , you would sell your soul to the devil to watch her take off those underpants.nicole teases , taunts and plays with your hormones . her eyes will make you cringe with an unholy desire and her body -LRB- and the way she uses it -RRB- will tear the restraint out of your system and pull mercilessly but oh so pleasurably at the rising blood in your body.watch it . and keep a saucer below your mouth .
 Not that Kathie Lee could ever fill the shoes of the character in this movie , the sick shallow element of her overblown self worth is ever present . This film is well executed by it 's players . Matt Dillon is always and will be the most underrated actor of his time . As for Ms. Cruise she has demonstrated a wealth of diversity in most of her films . This movie will hold you . The supporting cast is wonderful and very well known .
 When I saw this movie , they also had the made-for-TV flick about Pamela Smart , and it was incredibly persuasive and real . You feel like you know everything about the characters-or do you ? Who should you trust in this provacative satire ? Watch it and see for yourself -LRB- it 's great -RRB- .
 You would fall for and hate Suzanne Stone -LRB- Nicole Kidman -RRB- at the same time . Fall for her because she is so wickedly original , creative in a way , hardworking , ambitious , foxy , shining , teasing , exciting , hypnotizing , beautiful , blah blah blah . Hate her to the black bone because she is the determined type of girl who would just literally do anything in order to make her very own version of personal American dreams come true ! And she ' s not afraid to get somebody To Die For it , if it means her Andy Warhol-esque 15-minute fame will just keep lingering on and on ... forever . Period.Synopsis
 Nicole Kidman should have won an oscar for her electrifying , cold blooded and ruthless portrayal of Suzanne Stone . A career best performance and movie for her and everyone else who made the flick .
 Hello , Nicole Kidman gives me the creeps in this movie . She plays perfectly . Her realism , poise , and accurate portrayal of a s. . . catapult this movie into quite a success . Joaquin Phoenix also was fantastic as the love-crazed teenager . Although Nicole Kidman is so pretty that I can not fault him for being a puppet in her hands.Best , Charles D.
 Before this movie was released , there was a real-life incident that resembles the story line . Does anyone know if this was based on a true story ??? I have heard from many that it was but I would really like to know ...
 So asks Suzanne Maretto -LRB- Nicole Kidman -RRB- of her husband Larry -LRB- Matt Dillon -RRB- in the bedroom of their Florida honeymoon hotel . But her loving attitude towards her new husband soon changes as their marriage progresses . Soon she 's had enough of him and wants him out of the way so she can pursue a career in the world of television . Larry does n't realise that Suzanne would even put her career ahead of his own life.Suzanne enlists the help of 3 teens to do the dirty deed . The main one being Jimmy -LRB- Joaquin Phoenix , brother to the late River Phoenix who played a young Indiana Jones in the 3rd Indy film -RRB- . Suzanne uses her body to convince Jimmy to murder Larry . Jimmy mistakenly believes that if he kills Larry , then he can `` sleep over '' at Suzanne 's place every night.Danny Elfman -LRB- of `` Batman '' and `` Batman Returns '' fame -RRB- provides the music for `` To Die For '' . Filming mainly took place in Toronto , with Larry and Suzanne 's romantic honeymoon filmed in Florida.This was Nicole Kidman 's big film role and really enhanced her career . Matt Dillon does n't really have a whole lot to do in the film . The film is at times nasty but it does have its good moments . `` To Die For '' deserves repeated viewings and I give the film 4 stars -LRB- and as a male , 5 stars for Nicole Kidman in her tight leopard skin outfit -RRB- .
 In TO DIE FOR , Suzanne Stone -LRB- the glorious Nicole Kidman -RRB- is an ultra-ambitious , wannabe media megastar . This takes a certain type of person , a person without fear , heart , or conscience . Stone puts her psychotic tendencies to work , building her TV career by any means necessary . This includes marriage , murdering her unbelievably clueless husband -LRB- Matt Dillon -RRB- , and relentless self-promotion . This is a woman driven to be in reality what she has always been in her own blank mind . She WILL be famous ! Fortunately , she wo n't have to sell her soul in the bargain , due to the glaring fact that she does not possess one ! Kidman IS Suzanne Stone , an empty shell w / a wonderful paint-job ! She oozes along , manipulating the foolish and living only to be noticed . Do n't worry though , she definitely goes too far and receives her day of recompence . Joaquin Phoenix is perfectly thick in his role as Suzanne 's primary pawn . TDF belongs in every black comedy collection ...
 Suzanne Stone -LRB- Nicole Kidman -RRB- will do anything to be the next Barbara Walters . She starts out as a small town weather girl and while making a documentary with some high school students , hatches a diabolical scheme to kill her husband -LRB- Matt Dillon -RRB- whose ambitions do n't match her own.Loosely based on the true story of Pamela Wojas Smart , this movie is a clever black comedy focusing on the blind ambition of Kidman 's character . She plays her as an outwardly dumb blonde who is , in fact , ruthless and willing to do anything to be famous . Joaquin Phoenix plays Stone 's teenage lover who blindly carries out her plan . He 's quite young-looking and completely believable as the adolescent pawn in her deadly chess game.The story is filmed like a documentary , in keeping with Suzanne 's goal of being a celebrated interviewer . Having the characters speak into the camera reduces the tension but increases the humor , as most of the people involved are completely gullible and fall under Suzanne 's spell . It 's a macabre story played mostly for laughs with good acting all around .
 InTo Die ForNicole Kidman delivers a magnificent , realistic performance as Suzanne Stone , a devious New Hampshire housewife who dreams of becoming the top TV personality in the world . As a beautiful , manipulative weather girl with a modicum of talent for the job , she uses her feminine wiles to reach her dreams of fame and glory . Unfortunately , she 's also greedy and grasping , so she does n't stop there.Although I think this is a spoiler , other reviews , including Amazon 's editorial review , have already mentioned that when her husband gets in the way of her plans , she tricks some gullible teenagers into murdering him . Joaquin Phoenix is superb in the role of the teen boy who is so infatuated with her he will do anything for her . Her sexual escapades with him in front of the other kids are shocking.When I viewed this film it seemed like a drama/thriller with deadly consequences to me , so I was surprised to read that it 's supposed to be a dark comedy . I generally enjoy satire and dark comedy , but I saw nothing funny about this movie . If , indeed , it 's a dark comedy , then it 's pitch black , IMO.I did find the cold , hard , nonchalant attitude of the character portrayed by Kidman to be amusing at times -- in a shake-your-head-in-bewilderment kind of way . That made me wonder how a person could ever become so calculating . She seemed to lack a conscience , so perhaps that explains it.The only thing remotely comical inTo Die Foris Suzanne Stone 's grandiose opinion of herself.I should have had a clue that it was a satire when I read the name of the brilliant director Gus Van Sant on the credits ; he 's known for that type of movie and I think he 's one of the most outstanding directors in Hollywood.But no matter what they call this well-crafted , well-acted movie , Van Sant drew the best from all the actors . Matt Dillon was excellent in the role of the faithful husband , Joaquin Phoenix perfect in the part of the obsessed teenager and Kidman deserved the 1995 Golden Globe for Best Actress in a Leading Role.This is a gripping , blood-chilling , fact-based movie , with so many twists and turns it will make your head spin . The surprise , satisfying ending is to die for!Five stars all the way ! I recommend it for adults .
 Lately I have been revisiting old favorite films , perhaps to see if they are as good as I recall . And this one , To Die For , with Nicole Kidman as Suzanne Stone , the self-obsessed ambitious TV personality - actually , a `` weather person '' for a cable station - whose blind drive leads her down a very dark path , is every bit as good as I remember.Based on the novel by Joyce Maynard - who , incidentally , plays the lawyer in the film - we learn of a beautiful young woman 's quest for a life in front of the television camera ; despite her limitations , she imagines herself as the next Barbara Walters.When she marries a young Italian-American musician , -LRB- played by Matt Dillon -RRB- , whose parents own a restaurant , and who sets aside his dreams to become someone she envisions as an appropriate husband - an insurance salesman - he hopes there will be trade-offs for him . He constantly brings up his desire for a family . But his wife only cares about her own career , her little dog , and the condo they own.When Suzanne embarks on a `` project '' with teenagers at the local school - New Hope , New Hampshire - she believes that the documentary will propel her into big-time journalism . The teenagers , however , with their serious limitations , soon are manipulated into the midst of a nefarious plot . And nothing will ever be the same again.The teen boys - played by Joaquin Phoenix and Casey Affleck - are convincingly cast as the mentally and emotionally challenged pawns.Gus Van Sant directs , with his usual brilliance ; the film was just as haunting this time around and well worth a visit -LRB- or revisit -RRB- . By Laurel-Rain Snow
 Suzanne Maretto -LRB- Nicole Kidman -RRB- wants to be a star . For her whole life she has focussed on her goal of becoming the next Barbara Walters . The problem is that she 's not all that bright and not all that talented , not that she is aware of this . When she perceived that her husband -LRB- Matt Dillon -RRB- is standing between her and fame , she enlists the help of three teenagers -LRB- including Joaquin Phoenix and Casey Affleck -RRB- , whom she is working with on a documentary , to murder her husband for her . `` To Die For '' is a highly underrated movie , based on a novel that you probably did n't know existed -LRB- although , it is also excellent - the book is by Joyce Maynard -RRB- . When this film was first released , most of the reviews that appeared in the newspapers were less than glowing , which put me off this film for a number of years , and when I finally did see it , I was astounded by just how good it is . I suspect the reason why many of the critics did n't like this film was because it is a black comedy and as with most black comedies , if the humour is n't to your taste , it can end up falling flat or not being understood at all . The film is also made in a documentary format , which I can imagine might also annoy some viewers -LRB- generally , I do n't like this format , but in this case I did n't mind it . It does n't get in the way of the storytelling -RRB- . However , I thought this film was great . `` To Die For '' is a cross between a well-budgeted studio film and a high quality indie . Clearly this film had a reasonable budget and it stars Nicole Kidman -LRB- in the best role of her career -RRB- , but the director is Gus Van Sant and the cast is a who 's - who of indie regulars -LRB- Affleck , Phoenix , Matt Dillon , Ileana Douglas , etc -RRB- . The result is a combination of the best aspects of each of these types of film . Add to that a script by Buck Henry -LRB- who co-wrote `` Get Smart '' -RRB- , and as far as I 'm concerned , you have a classic .
 Nicole Kidman is excellent here as `` Suzanne Stone-Maretto , '' the central hub of a two-hour-long blonde joke called `` To Die For '' -LRB- 1995 -RRB- . It just may be Director Gus Van Sant 's best film . If the film 's darkly straight-faced humor were n't so blantantly bust-out-laughing obvious in its dialogue , the screenplay would be as dark as a noir film with Kidman as the story 's femme fatale for everything happening in it . The film 's non-linear narrative goes between normal story-line scenes , `` afterwords '' regarding the incidents in summary , and a scene having the in-character , narcissistic Kidman staring straight into the camera as though the audience were being brought straight into the film 's narrative . Also bringing the audience straight into the film 's narrative is a talk-show scene with both the parents of `` Suzanne '' and the parents of her husband , `` Larry Maretto . '' This has the added effect of heightening the need for recognizing the wake-up , distress call on society , particularly involving the current television media which is what the film comments on directly . Even though the film was released in 1995 , its point is just as relevant today , maybe even more so.It seems universally perfect as a comment on narcissism , schizophrenia , and psychological superficiality , here developed dually as a social object , perhaps even mass paranoia -- recognizably using sexual overtones to provide at least part of its exploitation -- and the implications of a pseudo-social mentality of acceptance-through-denial by consumers who do n't recognize it . The more sex , the more reality t.v. , the more Jerry Springer rednecks the film utilizes , the more it reveals the dirtiness of what people enjoy watching . The film here is standard intelligence training in psychology , and justified , because it pulls away the curtain showing a much darker image than an audience expects or knew existed . Appropriately , it is Critic Rex Reed of the New York Observer cited in bold on the back of the DVD case
 Nicole Kidman in 1995 at last emerged from under the shadow of her husband Tom Cruise with this movie . If anyone ever doubted that she was just another pretty face , if she did n't have a smig of talent , this was the movie that launched her officially into critical and popular acclaim . I wonder if the real people it was based on had anything to say about it?Nicole Kidman 's character , Suzanne Stone Maretto , is based the antics of a New Hampshire woman in the early 1990s . Pamela Smart , like her counterpart on the opposite coast , Mark Kay Letourneau , was a teacher who had an affair with one of her students . As opposed to Letourneau 's crime , having sex with a minor because she was in love with him , Smart manipulated her teenage lover to murder her husband . Smart was tired of her marriage . Suzanne , although portrayed as far more ambitious and having much more sophistication than Smart has , is equally unhappy with her marriage as she feels her husband is holding her back from her career wants in television . Taking three disadvantaged teenagers under her wing to film a documentary -LRB- as Smart did with an orange juice commerical project with her charges -RRB- , Suzanne lures Jim , played with equal aplomb and skill by Joaquim Phoenix -LRB- who also emerged from under the shadow of his later brother , River -RRB- , into her bed . Young , inexperienced , and with plenty of white trash around the edges , Jim and his two friends are brought into her plot to murder her husband . Once caught , Suzanne denies the whole thing.The sense of comedy in this movie , however , is what made it . While one one hand it could have been a fleshed out version of the American Justice episode , it was made out to laugh at ourselves as well as the people it was about . The three kids are stupid , yet ernest in so many ways , and while they are trashy they did want acceptance from others . Her husband 's family , in particular his sister Janice , is a conflict to hers and they hide a thin layer of resentment towards this atypical match for Larry . All the other characters -LRB- her coworkers at the TV station , the convention people she meets in Florida , etc. -RRB- are just as much fascinated by her as they are taking advantage of her . And Suzanne herself . Cold , calculating , and ambitious who wo n't let anyone stop her from getting to the top ; yet , she is not all that bright and knows she has to use her body just as much to get the things she wants.Based on the outcome of the movie as well as the real events , I did leave me wondering what if . After all , Suzanne said it best . She said she is a professional person who comes from a good home and background , the three kids are trailer trash . Who do you think a jury 's going to believe?A great movie , ironic and sad and funny .
 To Die For starring Nicole Kidman really is to die for . Directed by Gus Van Sant , this movie is the perfect and sexiest dark comedy ever I think . Co-starring Matt Dillion and Joaquin Phoenix are perfectly cast and boy Kidman really steals the show . She is flawless , manipulative , scary , and truly a gifted actress . She plays Suzanne Stone , who dreams of becoming a t.v. journalist , and no one not even her neglected yet devoted husband will stand in her way . As the movie goes , you learn what a psychopath Suzanne really is . I highly recommend checking this movie out , it is exciting and captaviting from start to finish , and the ending is just sweet revenge baby . Enjoy !
 Nicole Kidman is excellent as is the entire supporting cast . If you enjoy masterfully directed dark comedies with peculiar characters that are truly brought to life , then you 'll love this film . If you are expecting slapstick or a teen comedy do n't bother .
 Clever story with more depth that appears at first blush , directed with irony and a sardonic sense of humor by Gus Van Sant . Nicole Kidman plays an especially shallow TV weather person who gets some grunge kids to kill her husband for her . Her motive is , as Illeana Douglas , who plays the sister-in-law , says , `` he got in her way . '' This is a nice study of narcissism metastasized into psychopathology . She is headstrong , motivated and rather stupid . She thinks only of herself and would do anything for herself and would do anything to anybody who got in her way . And amazingly , she does.Matt Dillon is wasted as the husband -LRB- in more ways than one -RRB- . I 'm surprised he agreed to do the part . Kidman is mesmerizing and makes us believe in a slightly unbelievable character . We 've all known narcissistic little darlings who would kill you for the right shade of eye shadow , but to see it acted out so coldly and with such appalling stupidity , yet with a psychology so bizarre that it has to be real , fairly takes your breath away . It was especially apt that she had him killed so that her pointless little docu-drama `` Teens Speak Out '' could become newsworthy enough for national exposure . Consciously she does n't realize this
 If you are a Lizzie Borden junkie you need to add this one to your DVD library . I 've been to the Borden House and taken the tour and this means so much more now that I have been there . Now if we can just get the ABC TV Movie from 1975 with Elizabeth Montgomery on DVD , all will be well .
 The history channel did a fabulous job in this video , making the Borden Case seem like it just occured . They leave the final note , `` Did Lizzie or did Lizzie not do it '' a question for the viewer to find out ! Well worth the money !!
 I have absolutely no idea why anyone would NOT like this dvd . It was superb ! Who cares if the wig used in this dvd on Lizzie was not her true hair color ! Does that really matter ????? What matters is that the History channel once again delivers a fantastic and informative dvd filled with nice theories , facts , reinactments , and interviews . This is a must-buy for any fan of this type of genre .
 I grew up hearing about Lizzie Borden and that would be because I grew up in the SAME city that she lived in Fall River Mass. good information
 Any fan of the Borden case would need to own this DVD . It has everything about the case along with how it was turned into a bed and breakfast today . Very interesting to watch !
 I ca n't say that I am a huge Lizzie Borden scholar or follower but there has always been a soft spot in my heart for history 's mysteries . That 's why this summer I decided to go to Fall River and visit the Lizzie Borden house where the murders were committed . I paid for the tour of the house as well as that of the Fall River historical society where the bloodied bedsheets from Mrs. Borden 's bed still reside next to the infamous handle-less hatchet . I heard the traditional `` Lizzie Borden took an axe '' story as well as many variations that ranged from Lizzie was seeking revenge against her abusive father to she was a lesbian who was caught having an affair with the household maid . While these were revelations to me , I could have learned just as much if I were to have stayed home -LRB- and not spent as much money -RRB- . What I am saying is , when I returned home after this epic day I sat down and watched this History Channel DVD and learned exactly the same information as I did in Fall River but for less $ ! Of course it was wonderful to actually see the crime scene and visit Lizzie 's grave , but such places are caught on film in this extraordinary documentary . The whole Borden story is told in this brief 50 minute DVD complete with archival photographs that are on display at the Fall River Historical Society . The reenactments are a bit odd but they never detract from the history or overall tone of the film . Basically , if you 're contemplating a pilgrimage to Fall River watch this movie first and if you feel the need to see the photographs and artifacts in person then head on out to Fall River . But I think that this DVD is so complete that you might even cancel those reservations at the Lizzie Borden B&B ; and choose instead to just hit `` replay '' on your DVD remote .
 I love a mystery . The Lizzie Borden case has always been very intriguing to me . The documentary was very informative and the reenactments were very good and enjoyable to watch . Probably the best documentary on The Bordens that I 've seen .
 Okay , I need to clear something up as an interesting FYI
 the copy was of great quality . recommend you purchse this product and others from amazon.com .
 I would have to say it 's probably one of the best Saturday morning like cartoons I have ever seen . There is kind of a sad ending to the series though , leaving a lot unexplained . Some say that the series is complete , but I think they planed on having a lot more personally . Oh ya , and good job on the prompt delivery . It was in good condition too : -RRB-
 I 'm a big fan of the old sonic series of shows , such asAdventures of Sonic the Hedgehogand so , when I grew up , this show came out and I was intrigued , because I loved the old videos games and everything . I never heard of this show , but I found it to be quite good . Other than giving Sonic too much attitude at times , it was funny and interesting to watch . It 's a lot different that the other Sonic , but I recommend it .
 This is a pretty good dvd set of the saturday morning Sonic X cartoons . This is actually the second volume in a six part set . Anyway if you like the show you will want to get this set . Pretty nice stuff .
 cheapest thing i have bought on amazon ! amazing it has 13 episodes and came factory sealed brand new . amazing buy is two words to describe this product . If your son/daughter or yourself is a sonic fan , this is a must buy .
 This movie was received as promised . The case was clean and in excellent shape . The movie just what my granddaughter wanted .
 Any Rugrats lover is sure to love these movies ! I rented them before because I think the show is just too cute and knew the kids would enjoy it . To my surprise , even my husband has become a fan of the Rugrats after viewing the first movie where little Dill arrives . We also enjoyed their trip to Paris ! and we reciently bought Rugrats Go Wild ! and are now adding the first movie and the trip to Paris to our DVD home library.We feel that any parent who enjoys cartoons as much as their kids , will certinly enjoy watching these movies anytime with their childern .
 Rugrats are so cute and sweet . Many hours of family fun . I watch it myself when I just want something to relax by and do n't feel like changing the DVD .
 This collection is wonderful . My first born , now 10 , grew up with these cartoons , and never stopped loving them ! Now my 3 year old ca n't get enough ! I wished they 'd start writing them again . -LRB- you know they 're really for me right ? -RRB-
 Lil 's the best from Rugrats . She 's so cute . I do n't like Phil that much . I love Lil . Dil is a horrible character .
 This video was AMAZING !! My daughter and I LOVE to watch Mumfie videos , and this one exceeded our expectations ! My daughter learns so much about caring and sharing with others from the adventures Mumfie shares with his friends ! In very good condition when we got it .
 My daughter and I have watched this video many timesand are delighted every time . It 's so wonderful towatch something today that actually promotes goodnessand kindness . Mumfie is a lovely character whocollects friends wherever he goes . . And also getsinto many misadventures inspite of his goodness.It 's a long film and worth every second . Ihighly recommend and I am a video distributor andhave seem zillions of films ... But this is one of myfavorite family/childrens films .
 I just discovered Mumfie and so glad I did . My girls love this movie to bits . Although they are three and a half year old triplets they have very different taste in what they enjoy watching - this is the only movie I can put on and they all cheer . It 's really charming and quite nicely querky .
 I got this dvd last month.Lefty and Bob are the go to men in fly fishing and tying . I have been tying for about 45 years myself and learned a few tips about tying . As I was watching the dvd I would look in the background and noticed all the materials they had . I thought I had a room full.I learned the right way to tie the Clouser flies.This is great for the beginner , they go thru a pattern step by step.This is one fantastic DVD I recommend it highly .
 The video is presented in two halves . The first half is Bob and Lefty 's tips of the trade . They take you thru how they like to use their glues , their vises , sharpen hooks , handle bucktail , etc. . This is done in a casual back and forth style . Realize you are watching two legends at work , sharing their secrets . What you are watching is greatness , unscripted and honest . You ca n't possibly purchase better instruction.The second half of the video is Bob showing how to tie the minnow and Lefty showing the deceiver . Both segments are filmed such that you see the fly and what they 're doing . Bob and Lefty go through do 's and dont 's . This part was great , and though it 's only 2 types , it is 2 archtypes , who 's variety is limited only by the creativity of who 's behind the bench -LRB- you -RRB- . This film is a treasure .
 This has been a favorite of mine for many years . My children watched it and now I 've bought it for my granddaughter . She loves it too ! A must have .
 A gift for my daughter , who is a fantasy fan AND an animation major in college . I 've always loved this story , and so have my kids .
 I had gotten this movies for my daughter many , many years ago in the VHS form . She loved the movie , she introduced her daughter to it , who fell in love with unicorns . I enjoyed rewatching this movie . Adding to the excitment of watching with one small grandchild -LRB- child -RRB- . Memories
 The Last Unicorn is one of my favorite childhood movies . The screenplay was adapted from the original novel by the original author and really knows how to draw the audience in and make them a part of the fantasy.The voice acting in this movie outshines the animation . With voices from the likes of Christopher Lee , Mia Farrow , Jeff Bridges , Angela Lansbury and many other well-known names , the characters in this story come to life and in an amazing and magical way . This cast could not have been better selected and the songs and orchestrations provided by America really help to highlight the tone and theme of the movie.The animation is traditional for the Rankin Bass studios . It shines in action and detail scenes but , can be choppy and slow in other areas . This still does not detract from the story and will probably go unnoticed by the audience as they are drawn into the film.The commentary track and other features are really amazing . Peter Beagle , the author of the original novel and screenplay really highlights the way in which the story was developed and demonstrated an in-depth knowledge of animation and the animating process despite it not being his particular field of expertise.If someone enjoys this film , the blue ray release will not disappoint . The image quality is superb and the audio is flawless . It also has both the original theatrical release audio as well as an edited `` family '' track that cuts out one or two curse words used . Personally , I believe the censored audio to be unnecessary but , it is there .
 I had this on VHS when Iwas a child and love it . I still do . It is a classic that I can watch over and over again . My family rolled there ees at it till I played it and they were glued to it . This is a classsic for the young and the old . and it will keep you wanting to have it to send down the generations .
 Unlike many films of its type , the script for The Last Unicorn was written by the author of the original book . Because of this , it is an astonishingly accurate retelling of much of the original story . The book , obviously , is still better , but the book does n't have the heart-wrenchingly beautiful soundtrack by America , so it all evens out in the end .
 It took a while for my daughter to get into this movie -LRB- at age 6 -RRB- but now that we own it she loves it .
 My daughter saw this when she was a child and said she wanted to see this again . The movie is cute
 I grew up with this movie , and I absolutely love it . It is very fantasy based , and NOT girly in my opinion . I bought the movie to show my Husband and although he 's typically open minded , he was opening complaining about NOT wanting to see it . He ultimately humored me , and we watched it , and I remembered all the awesome imagery and the interesting story.When it was over he said h liked it , but it was more of a &#34; meh &#34; reaction . As for me , I suppose I am still a fan because I have such fond memories of it from when I was a kid , so buy it for your kids ! You may find your self loving it to . HEY ! Here 's a thought , did the company &#34; Red Bull &#34; get their name from this movie ? Think about it . ; -RRB-
 This is a all time family classic with beautiful animation and music . The best part is the storyline . This is a move the whole family can enjoy and watch over and over again .
 I loved the movie . Will watch it over and over . Arrived in great condition and on ahead of the delivery time .
 Excellent fantasy-story not only for children but also for adults . We hear the voices of great talents like Angela Lansbury , Mia Farrow and Christopher Lee . The music and the main song is performed by America and the result is so fine . Enjoy it one and once again .
 i loved this movie when i was a kid . . and i always will ! oh and yeah , the product was in good condition and arrived promptly .
 when I was little I watched this movies and fell in love with it 's uniqueness . I never have seen a movie quite the same so it still is treasured as `` the only Unicorn Movie '' in my memory bank .
 This was my favorite movie as a little girl ! Now my 6 year old niece is very much into Unicorns . I bought her this movie for her birthday and she watched it 6 times that day ! This was a brand new DVD , the quality is beautiful , much better than I remember it ever being . My niece watches this movie several times per week . I feel like a kid again when I watch it with her . : o -RRB-
 So nice to see that movie I saw when I was 5 years old.A magnificient fairy tale with a beautiful music
 I missed the original when it was released . We purchased the 25th Anniversary Edition for our grandkids and I caught it with them.Wow ! It was touching , funny , and lovely to look at . Just get it and share it with children .
 I bought this as a christmas birthday present for my twin grand daughters who are now 27 . As children they could not watch this movie enough . They both have children who will enjoy it as much as they did . It is a really great movie for young children .
 I had watched this on tv when I was a little girl . I remember loving the music and therefore bought this anniversary edition . Picture clear and sounds terrific . A keepsake to watch with family and children .
 The last unicorn is one of my most watched and favourite videos i own ! No joke ! I recommend you buy this coz it will fufil your life in a way you never thought was possible ! This twisted and strange supernatural love and adventure story is a great video for any time . This film is one of my favorites and i highly recommend it !!! 5 ***** !!!
 Once you see this movie , it 's hard to forget it . you ca n't forget the characters , the music , the story . It 's like the deepest cartoon next to The prince of Egypt . and the music ... it just makes you want to cry.I love all the songs!A classic forever.To show your children . the last unicorn is just the stuff .
 I remember watching this movie when I was young and thought it was the most beautiful animated tale I have ever seen , and I still think that way . The story is about a lone unicorn -LRB- voiced by Mia Farrow -RRB- who leaves her enchanted forest in search of others just like her . No mortal can see her for what she truely is , except a grisled old mystic who captures her for her midnight carney of oddities and a bumbling magician called Shmendrick who releases her and helps her find the other unicorns . She encounters other strange people in her travels , including a dangerous Red Bull , who according to legend , forced all of the unicorns into the sea.This movie might not have the same drawing techniques as the animation of today -LRB- looks more like The Hobbit -RRB- , but it certainly makes up for it with a full talented cast , including Jeff Bridges , and a wonderfully whimsical story line . I bought it and played it for my kids , and they love it . I can assure you that you 'll love it too .
 Wow , I remember when I first watched this movie whenI was really young . My sister and I always mademy Dad rent it for us , and now I finally own it!It has wonderful music and beautiful imagery!If you buy this , you wo n't regret it at all!This movie is a definite must for all people who lovefantasy movies , especially if you like Lord of the Rings , because I think that The Last Unicorn was maybe influenced abit by LOTR ...
 This is by far one of the best animated films , not cartoons , i say films , i have ever seen . I have watched this movie since i was a child and i love it . The songs are memorable -LRB- courtesy of America -RRB- the animation is spectacular , and the story is rich and poignant . I recommend this to anyone who has a heart .
 Yet another movie I enjoyed as a child , I recently found `` The Last Unicorn '' here on Amazon and purchased it . The story line is quite good , telling of the unicorn searching for the rest of her kind . She meets some friends along the way , and comes in contact with the Red Bull -LRB- not the drink -RRB- . All in all , it is a good show .
 I remember loving `` The Last Unicorn '' as a child , and was thrilled to find it for sale on Amazon.com ! This movie in it 's fantasy setting , with it 's subtle yet strong references to the endless struggle of good and evil ... is absolutely amazing . This is a movie that will keep you spellbound with a story of love , beauty , greed , and sorrow . It is beautifully animated , and it keeps my own kids glued to their seats each time they watch it . `` The Last Unicorn '' is a must have for your video collection whether you are 5 or 105 .
 Read the book to your kids , then watch the movie together . It 's well worth the time invested .
 The Last Unicorn is an excellent movie . I watched it when I was about 5 or 6 years old , and it scared the crud out of me . Eventually , I grew to love it in a frightening way . The menagerie of animals , the Red Bull , and the old guy in the castle -LRB- sorry , I forget his name ! -RRB- was enough to creep any kid under the age of 10 out . I definitely recommend this movie to kids 11 + because it sends the imagination soaring and takes you back to fantasy land . Plus , for it 's time , the cartoon effects are very good . The flaming Red Bull , amongst other characters , makes you believe .
 I loved this movie as a child , and still love it today . It is perfect for adults and children ... excellent story and unique animation that transcends its time . Now if only they 'd release it on DVD !!!
 A film that never garnered the attention that it should , `` The Last Unicorn '' features a most illustrous cast in a finely-crafted tale of the search to find oneself . Mia Farrow is outstanding as the voice of the unicorn who experiences what it is like to be human . Jeff Bridges , as her human suitor , is his usual reliable self . He also does n't do a bad vocal in his duet with Farrow 's unicorn . Adam Arkin is good as a slightly `` off-centered '' butterfly!The `` bad '' guys in the form of King Haggard and Mommy Fortuna are performed by the always fantastic Christopher Lee and Angela Lansbury , respectively . Their years on the screen and stage are used most effectively in their interpretation of the characters.The animation , though not up to Disney standards , does have its moments . The escape of the harpy eagle from her cage is truly a frightening scene . The emergence of the Red Bull and its assault on the unicorn is a nail-biter . And the release of the trapped unicorns at the film 's end is stunning.The songs , many performed by rock group America and penned by Jimmy Webb , will not last in the memory , but are still enjoyable within the context of the film.This is a good family film , but I would not recommend it for the under-7 set . The intensity of some scenes as well as the subject matter may be a little too `` mature '' for them to grasp.Even though it has almost been two decades since I saw it , `` The Last Unicorn '' still left a positive impression on me .
 My 4 year old grand daughter wanted a Magical , Talking Unicorn for Christmas . So I explained to her that once they left their magical land they became stuffed animals and could no longer do magic or talk . I remembered seeing this movie with my daughter so I wrapped it up with the unicorn stuff animal i purchased and she loved it
 This movie was my favorite as a kid and I still love it . I purchased two for gifts . They arrived on time and in perfect condition . They do n't make movies like this anymore . I highly recommend .
 i have been watching this movie since i was a little girl and it never gets old to me . there is something about this movie that is so beautiful both in the artistry of the animation and the story itself that i am captivated by even 25 years after seeing it for the first time , there are themes that are quite mature , the characters rich and complex , and can be a very deep movie if you so wish to view it that way . this is my all time favorite movie EVER !!
 I love this movie and my kids love this movie . Get the Kenny Loggins Return to Pooh Corner cd to go with it so you have the Last Unicorn theme on CD .
 The Last Unicorn , a 1982 animated movie featuring the voices of Jeff Bridges , Mia Farrow and Angela Lansbury , is a wonder of gorgeous , luxurious animation and masterful fantasy storytelling using some of the purer elements from the Fantasy genre.When the Unicorn overhears huntsmen in her wood mention that she may be the last of all unicorns , she sets off on a journey to discover the truth . Along the way , she meets a bumbling magician , a strong-willed and opinionated cook , a crazed king with a castle full of crumbling secrets , and a would-be lover who is naive to a fault . Minor characters such as an amorous tree , a one-eyed , peg-legged cat and a drunken skeleton add a delightful element of humor into a story that can often veer into dark and despondent territory.As the story draws to a close , the characters and pieces of the Unicorn 's story begin to weave themselves together , leading to an ending that will both fascinate you-and give the Last Unicorn a permanent home in your collection of must-watch movies .
 Just as I remembered it as a kid . Now my little ones enjoy the movie too . Quality and sound are good , no problems .
 The Last Unicorn is and always will be one of the greatest animated films of all time . The character journey is one of a kind and is a must see for all who have not been introduced .
 Was ordered for my granddaughters , and was not what they expected . Was a little scary for her and her sister . The product itself was good and recieving it was all good and the person selling it was fair and shipped promptly .
 I love the drawn animation style of this movie ! Made me remember my childhood watching `` Flight of the Dragons '' . I bought this for my daughter , who is 3 , because she adores unicorns . She was intrigued by it at first , but lost interest after about a half an hour . The movie sort of slows down at that point . For an adult the movie is great though ! I really enjoyed it : -RRB-
 The last unicorn to me the best movie of all times but the I was upset when I got the anniversary edition . They cut out all the stuff that was in the original show . This movie was not meant for children so why did they cut it down to be formatted as so ? and now it 's so hard to find the uncut version on DVD . Still and yet I love the movie and know it by heart . Loved it since I was a kid and always will .
 Probably one of the most cherished non-Disney animated family movies from the last century , The Last Unicorn was based on the book of the same name by Peter S. Beagle . This was one of the few theatrical movies produced by Jules Bass and Aurthur Rankin Jr. , better known as Rankin/Bass , the creators of nearly every Christmas holiday TV special , and other hit shows like Thundercats and Silverhawks.Set sometime during the middle ages , a unicorn discovers from a passing butterfly that she is the only one left in the world . She leaves her forest in search of them , but gets captured by a witch for her travelling carnival . The unicorn is set free by the novice magician Schmendrick . Along the way , they are accompanied by the ex-bandit wench Molly Grue . The trio make their way to realm of King Haggard where the other unicorns are supposed to be . Once there , Haggard 's menacing Red Bull appears to drive the unicorn into the sea . In order to protect her , Schmendrick taps into his true magic and turns the unicorn into a human female , which makes the Red Bull give up on her . Our heroes then enter into Haggard 's castle under the guise of looking for work , with Schmendrick claiming that the now-human unicorn is his niece , Amalthea . Schmendrick keeps Haggard entertained , while Molly searches for a way into the Red Bull 's lair which is supposed to lead to the missing unicorns . Haggard 's son Lir has meanwhile has fallen in love with Amalthea , believing her to be just a beautiful girl , while at the same time Amalthea is growing fond of him and growing to forget her former life as a unicorn . Molly and Schmendrick eventually find the secret entrance , and with Alamathea and Lir into tow , they confront the Red Bull . Amalthea is changed back into a human , who because of her newfound human feelings is able to defeat the Red Bull and free all the unicorns that were trapped in the sea . Amalthea the unicorn then heads back for her forest , with Schmendrick and Molly apparently hooking up together in the end.This film features some of the best animation by the Rankin/Bass group since their animated version of The Hobbit . The studio responsible for most of the actual animation though was Topcraft , whose work also includes the anime movie Nausicaa . The character designs are very unique and original too . The movie features an odd assortment of voice actors , like Mia Farrow doing a wonderful job as the unicorn , Christopher Lee as the mad Haggard , Alan Arkin as indifferent Schmendrick , and Rene Auberjonois steals his scene as a laughing skeleton . There have been two DVD releases of this movie , the original , and the 25th Anniversary Edition which has way better quality . If you have n't seen this yet , treat yourself to a truly epic animated fantasy .
 I have to start by saying that I saw this movie for the first time as a small child and have never , and will never forget it . It seems silly to say that this movie shaped my life , but it definitely has !! The story is beautiful , and I absolutely recommend the book by Peter Beagle . What a well-written , poetic , heartbreakingly good story . The movie is animated beautifully and the actors did a superb job with the voices , especially Mia Farrow!That said , the DVD version of this movie sucks . I had the VHS copy and lost it , and bought this DVD to replace it . Boy , was I disappointed . Everyone else has pointed out the problems -- crappy quality , poor menu options , etc. . But , if you 've never seen the movie before , and the DVD is your only option , I would recommend overlooking the problems with quality just to see the movie .
 I bought this dvd with some trepidation , due mostly to some of the unfavorable reviews . I had seen this movie years ago in the theatres , and later owened a VHS tape . I wanted to replace the very old tape with a good dvd recording . I was not dissappointed with this one at all . I would qualify this dvd as excellent . The picture quality is excellent , as is the color , which is lovely . The animation artwork is beautiful . The entire movie is here , nothing is cut out . The sound was fine . Let me qualify this ; the sound of the movie was fine . But the singing voices of the characters in the film are terrible . The makers really should have dubbed in the voices of professional singers when this movie was made , or even when the dvd was recorded . The songs are good , and involve and move the story along , but the singing makes you want to reach for the mute button . The actors have good speaking voices , the dialog is clear and emotive , but they simply do not have anything resembling singing talent . They needed two actors for each character ; one to do the talking , and one the singing . That would have made this a much better movie . On the other side of the spectrum is the theme song , `` The Last Unicorn '' as well as background songs `` Walking Man 's Road and `` In the Sea '' are all performed -LRB- I believe -RRB- by the group America , and they are all wonderful . These songs are well worth hearing , the music , singing and lyrics all very beautiful . All considered , I felt this dvd well worth buying , watching and keeping for my permanent collection .
 The presentation -LRB- picture and sound -RRB- are excellent . The edits mentioned are very annoying -LRB- and not edited out of the earlier DVD edition -RRB- but the widescreen presentation is much nicer to watch . The extra features are somewhat interesting but do not reveal anything very interesting about the movie itself -LRB- story-writing , making of , casting , etc. -RRB- . Worth getting , but I am also keeping my earlier DVD for posterity .
 My little girl and I both really liked this DVD , especially the enhanced 5.1 sound and cleaned up video transfer.Really , my only gripe with this edition is the small edits that remove a couple of uses of the words `` damn '' and `` hell , '' that I recall were used in the older versions.As far as price , order accuracy , speed of delivery , and payment and shipping accuracy , I can not complain at all.I ordered online on a Saturday afternoon , and it was waiting for me before the following Friday .
 Mr. Kirby Staples ' facts are incorrect , Artisan Entertainment was the company responsible for the sub-par DVD release of The Last Unicorn -LRB- please look at the DVD case -RRB- , I know this because I own the DVD . Lions Gate has recently picked up Artisan 's catalog and released excellent editions of films that had been poorly released by Artisan , namely Reservoir Dogs -LRB- gasoline can edition -RRB- and The Doors 15th Anniversary edition . The Anamorphic transfers have been beautiful on both films , as well as supplying plenty of extras and I expect The Last Unicorn to be just as excellent . Lions Gate is correcting the poor treatment that Artisan showed these films initially , in the future , please show credit where credit is due .
 The Last Unicorn is a flick I like , along with its songs . I also liked many of the statements , like , `` There are no happy endings , because nothing ends . '' And I was absolutely AMAZED at Christopher Lee 's performance ! Such vibrancy ! He 's old in the Star Wars and LOTR flicks , and I did n't know it because I had never seen -LRB- or in this case , heard -RRB- him in earlier years . Totally stunning , you should see it for Lee 's dialogue alone ! -LRB- He 's King Haggard . -RRB- As for the elements some might not like
 I first bought this movie for my daughters , but have pulled it from their library due the profanity in a few spots . Frankly , I do n't want my 3-year-old daughter repeating the phrases , `` Damn you '' and `` Where in the hell . . ? '' Since when does a children 's movie include such language ?? If there was a version released without those words , I would buy it for sure . As it is , they wo n't be watching this again until they 're old enough to understand what 's inappropriate to repeat .
 To this day , I still remember watching The Last Unicorn . Why ? I was only about 5 years old and it haunts me to this day . PLEASE . If you love your kids , do n't let them watch this unless they 're at least 10 years old and unimpressionable . I had nightmares from this show for months . If you 're older , this is a great show . It 's refreshinng and different . Now that I 'm older , I love it , but I will NOT show it to my children . Really , it should be rated PG10 or something . Way too scary for little kids in the G category .
 One of the best cartoon movies of the 80s . If you have a child or want to go back to your days as a child , then this wonderful cartoon will bring back those golden moments . Also , if your pagan , this is one of the better movies on the list ! ... Highly recommended !
 It a good movie , with a good plot . The characters were good and well drawn . the only problem was the singing , now the songs were good . But they got people who thought they could sing who could n't . But other then that a good buy .
 I have n't watched this DVD yet because it 's a present for someone , but it arrived sooner than expected and the DVD is in priginal packaging so it should be perfect . : -RRB-
 This so brings me back to my childhood , I ca n't wait to be able to share it with my children .
 My kids absolutely love this movie , as i did as a child .
 My older sister and I use to love watching this movie together when we were younger . Its defiantly old , no question about once you start watching it but it 's that aged innocence that this movie and the feel of it captures . It makes me cry , I admit but it 's that good and it takes me back to times that I spent with my sister.This is one that could not and SHOULD not ever be remade . Its perfect the way it is and should n't be touched .
 There are certain movies I saw as a child that I would want my children to see , and this is definitely one of them . I still watch it for myself , sometimes , too !
 Though I am now Fifteen , I have to say I stilled enjoyed a recent view of this movie . Though it is a cartoon , it still has a beautiful , almost realistic quality that we can hardly even hope to find today.I wo n't spend all afternoon gushing , and in fact , I was almost a little disappointed that very little restoration work had been done in making it more clear and less tinny.However , the DVD release is nice -LRB- though there are no special features -RRB- and this is truly an excellent movie for the kids.This is the kind of movie you are going to love and remember when people can hardly recall sponge bob squarepants even existed -LRB- may that day come soon ! -RRB- Definitely worth watching . Ten stars all around !
 I had to watch the Last Unicorn for school and boy , I must say it was great ! I 'm not really into cartoons much , you know , except for the Disney classics , but when I watched this , it was auesome . It 's and enchanting story about a unicorn on a quest to find all the other unicorns in the world , but as she soon finds out she will embark on a long , fabulous journey which will teach her many things . This is a light-hearted movie and is well worth the time to watch it . The characters , as well as the plot are great ! Schmendrick the Magician is my favorite character as well as the Lady Amalthia . This great , fabulous , light-hearted movie , of which I would give five stars , is by far a classic !
 This movie was a childhood favorite of mine ! I loved the animation and story back then - even more today ! The beauty and enchantment of it takes you into a wondrous and mythical world.This is a great buy and a wonderful memory to have and share with future generations . I can NOT wait to own it on dvd.Enjoy !
 I saw this movie when I was young , and never forgot it ! Even though I 'm not a big fan of animated movies , the storyline , music and lessons of this visually-enchanted movie makes for one excellent tale!Unicorn lovers and Fantasy Movie lovers , see this one if you have n't already !
 The Last Unicorn is a fairy tale in the best sense of the term -- an exploration of archetypes of human existence . Featuring the voices of such talents as Angela Landsbury and Mia Farro , this film takes you on a journey `` to find others like me . '' It is a tale of innocence lost and found , of the metaphysical realities of truth and self . Deep and rich , it reveals more -- and raised more questions -- with each viewing . Children will love the amusing characters . Adults will love the underlying story , and dialogue that leaves you laughing because it captures a truth you 'd perhaps never thought of . `` No cat out of its first fur was ever decieved by appearances , unlike human beings , who seem to enjoy it . '' The songs , flawlessly provided by America , underscore and deepen the threads of immortality , pain , and redemption . This is one movie for everyone .
 I loved this magical movie as a child and now I have introduced my children to it and they love it as much as I do . It is what you would expect from Rankin and Bass the ones who gave us Frosty the Snowman , Frosty 's Winter Wonderland , Rudolph , and many more . I highly recommend this movie to anyone with children especially girls who love horses and unicorn and anyone who is a child at heart and still believe in unicorns .
 This is a truly remarkable story with a truly wonderful cast ! Rankin and Bass have always done wonderful work and this is one their best . If you are among the young and like your animation updated -- you will be disappointed . If the animation is all that you 're interested in , the story wo n't move you anyway ! It is just lovely ! I 've watched it many times !
 The Last Unicorn , released in 1982 , was drawn from the novel by Peter S. Beagle . I believe considerable license was taken . This movie I saw as a little boy in the 80 's long before DVD when there was only VHS . VHS . What 's that some younger kids would say today . At the time , made this movie very life-like and a bit scary , especially the scenes of the Red Bull . This animated movie uses early techniques of Japanese anime as Japanese animators had to do with the making of the film . It 's a fantasy epic with an easy to follow plot but a bit slowed down by musical sequences - the Butterfly with the Elton John glasses and even Mia Farrow gets to sing although her singing voice is not going to win a Grammy.Mia Farrow stars as the voice of the Unicorn . She starts off on a quest to find out what happened to the other unicorns since she has been told she is the last unicorn . On her way , she encounters a witch -LRB- played by Angela Landsbury in a performance far from Mrs. Potts in Beauty and the Beast -RRB- who showcases her in a traveling circus show . She pairs up with the amateur wizard Schmendrick -LRB- Alan Arkin -RRB- and aging village woman Molly on a discovery trip further into the magical land . The truth is finally revealed when the hellish Red Bull tries to take the Unicorn away . The unicorn is temporarily transformed into the Princess Amalthea . Prince Lear -LRB- Jeff Bridges -RRB- falls in love with her , much to the disapproval of his father the old and dismal King Haggard -LRB- played superbly by Christopher Lee of the Dracula films and the recent Star Wars
 I can honestly say this is one of my favorite movies ever . I love the story and the animation -LRB- it 's beautiful ! -RRB- and the characters . It is a lovely film of a lovely book .
 I remember watching this on Cable TV when my youngest son was little . Now that I have grandchildren , I so wanted to have this again . Well , I finally got it on DVD and my grandchildren love it as much as their uncle did . The animation is beautiful ... the voices are fabulous ... if you have someone who loves unicorns , this is a must see !
 I beleive it has been said over and over , `` this movie has changed my life . '' And never before have more truer words been spoken . Only once in awhile does something change the lives of so many , or remain stuck in your mind for so many year . Rarley does a movie envoke such emotion , or remain deep in your heart and thoughts as long as this movie has . The Last Unicorn has changed a generation . With the book 's release so long ago , with the origional animated picture , with the new motion film about to be released , and now with the DVD , the Last Unicorn is about to change even more souls.From the first chords of music , to the last word spoken , the film is a rush of utter emotion , and nostalgic love that has stricken so many.If you believe in love , and hope , this is for you ... and in most cases , this is a movie for everyone .
 I have loved this movie since my mother first brougt it home form the video rental store -LRB- in the original cover -RRB- and rented it many times over . I about droped dead when I found out that they are making a live action movie set for relase this December production stared in Aug. 03 !!!! ... This is a wonderful movie that IS a classic !
 THE LAST UNICORN was one of the first movies that I remember watching , and I have read the book more times than I can count . All children dream of unicorns and other magical beings . In this movie/book , that dream can become a reality for a young child , and the magic never fades . THE LAST UNICORN is a true classic .
 This Movie was on television recently -LRB- about 8 months back -RRB- and as the opening credits caught my eye -LRB- I breathe Anime -RRB- I settled down to watch it . By the end of it , I had laughed , cried and been not a Little scared and I 'm a 16 year old guy ! I wholeheartedly recommend this film to anyone even thinking of buying it . The characters are well realised and animated . The way Shmendrick the bumbling magician and Molly Grue , a girl way down on her luck are very good friends to the unicorn on her journey will warm your heart . The relationship between Lir and Amalthea is very special and powerful and if you 're even slightly emotional will have you bawling by the end . As the title says
 One of the best things about this movie is how faithful an adaptation it is from the book . And no wonder . It was scripted by Peter S. Beagle the man who wrote the fantasty classic . So many phrases and happenings mirorr exactly the book that it 's a good idea to have a copy while you 're watching the movie . The animation is n't great here but the voices suit the characters well and it ends up being a great movie . Buy it !
 Sorrowful , philosophical , and wise , The Last Unicorn is an animated fairy tale for adults more than children . Most modern day children would lose interest in this film with its serious themes and lack of bouncy songs . There is some violence , with a harpy with red nipples killing a witch and eating her . Disney this ai n't . And its a good thing.The story is based on the novel of the same name by Peter S. Beagle . It is about the last unicorn -LRB- Mia Farrow -RRB- who leaves her forest to find out if there are others of her kind . Along the way , she meets sincere but bumbling magician Schmendrick -LRB- Alan Arkin -RRB- and a saucy woman named Molly . Molly cries when she sees the unicorn . She asks , `` Where were you twenty years ago ? '' Even though Molly is no longer young and innocent , she goes along with the unicorn on her quest.The trio enters the realm of the decrepit King Haggard . Haggard lives in a foreboding castle overlooking the sea . Rumors are that there is a Red Bull on his land , and the bull or Haggard may know what happened to the rest of the unicorns.Beautiful , haunting songs and a great screenplay BY Peter S. Beagle makes this film complete . A true masterpiece . My favorite line is by the castle cat
 This is an awesome movie . I love the animation , but I 'm a sucker for the `` classic '' look . I also love the music , I think that America did a great job on the soundtrack . The opening song for this movie is one I will NEVER forget . This is for you Last Unicorn fans who also love The Lord of the Ring series , they are making a live action movie of The Last Unicorn . The release date is Christmas 2006 . I searched high and low for information of this and was so very excited when I found they are really doing it . Here is the web site
 Just a note for collectors , the movie on this DVD is FULL SCREEN .
 WOW ! WOW ! This is one of my three favorite animated films , along with Flight of Dragons and the Black Cauldron . Original idea , and great character designs . If only it were longer ... . Jeff Bridges fits in nicely as Schmedrick . Christopher Lee is wonderful as King Haggard . About characters . The Unicorn is an interesting character , even though it 's a unicorn . Schmedrick is not as interesting , but worth a few laughs . Molly is such a straight character , she is almost boaring . The butterfly is funny . Mommy Fortuna is a great idea . I enjoy that sequence a lot . Her stupid helper is also a laugh . The band of thieves is not as good , I guess since that is a transition from Mommy Fortunas to King Haggards . The tree is tasteless . King Haggard is a great villain , since he is not actually evil , just greedy . Prince Leer is a romantic fool . The cat is very good . The red bull is a good , menacing monster . However , maybe my favorite character is the skeleton who demands the wine.Maybe its just me , but I feel this is SUCH a good movie . Do n't wonder . Do n't rent . Do n't even consider . BUY !!
 This story is based on a book released in 1968 . It is a wonderful story , with much undelying meaning about courage , inocence , beleiving in our dreams and a little magic in our lives . It is beautiful ! IThe DVD is not what I would have liked . It is not widescreen , but I could handle that if the picture was a little better . They could have included some special features , such as interviews with the cast looking back at the making of the film . I once read an interesting trivia fact that Christopher Lee -LRB- voice of King Haggard , better known nowadays for his performance as Saruman in the LOTR movies -RRB- brought his own copy of the book to the taping to make sure certain parts he deemed important were not taken out of the script . Little things like that would have been great to see . do sometimes feel like they left things out from the book that would have been nice to see in order to understand the story better . But this was the time of short cartoon movies . Even full length movies were n't as long as the ones produced today.It is true that the animation is not the same as Disney movies . Rankin Bass are better known for their TV cartoons such as Thundercats and Silverhawks . But it is not horrible . The music is not my favorite , but it is not bad . My daughter is 4 years old , and has seen just about every Disney movie out there as well as other kinds of animtion . She loves movies . And she loves this movie as well . She is captivated by the story and asks me questions about why the unicorn looks for the others and why the Red Bull is after her.This is a good movie . The DVD leaves a lot to be desired , but if you are just looking for a copy of the movie it is worth the money -LRB- it 's not too expensive -RRB- . Dont expect Disney animation or music . This movie 's merits are in the story .
 My seeing this movie took a convoluted route . I saw the trailers as a young teenager , never got to see the movie , then found the book lying on a shelf at my summer camp , gathering dust . The camp counselors let me keep it , and I loved every page . A few years later , my local video store got a copy and I finally saw the movie.Normally , after reading the book the movie is a vast disappointment . Not so with this . The movie captures all of the essentials and most of the small details of the novel , and keeps the same energy level and emotions . The fact that Mr. Beagle wrote the screenplay as well as the novel probably has something to do with this . ; - -RRB- The characters are very well interpreted and acted , with the best performances given by Angela Lansbury -LRB- Mommy Fortuna -RRB- and Christopher Lee -LRB- King Haggard -RRB- . Picking Robert Klein as the Butterfly was an inspired choice -- even though it 's only a five-minute portion of the film , the producers paid as much attention to this minor character as to the major ones that fill the story.As other reviewers have noted , you get the impression that none of the characters are truly `` evil '' . They simply have suffered bad fortune or disappointment -LRB- as everyone in life does at one time or another -RRB- , and how they chose to react to that is what ultimately shaped their character . This is a nice touch and a welcome departure from standard `` black-and-white '' fantasy characters.The music soundtrack , frankly , is bland , and many of the songs are unnecessary -LRB- the romantic duet between the Unicorn and Prince Lir is particularly saccharine -- yes , I 'm a guy , but I 'm a married guy with a daughter and thinking of that song STILL turns my stomach -RRB- . On the plus side , most of the songs were performed by America , and they seemed to understand the music was secondary to the overall story and kept things reasonably muted and subdued.The animation is n't the best . I felt like I was watching `` The Hobbit '' again , just with a different story . But the animation is just a conveyance for the story , and the story is what is most important here.This is a must-have for any fantasy-lovers video collection . While there is some violence and some slightly scary scenes , it 's still a Rankin/Bass animation , and that means that kids wo n't be unduly frightened .
 There are n't enough superlatives one can use in describing the animated version of Peter S. Beagle 's contemporary classic , The Last Unicorn . For those who long for a reminder of what it truly means to dream , to explore , to search for oneself in a resticted reality , this film has all the trappings to set your imagination on a journey it will never forget . The film tells the story of a unicorn , and pays respect to that most wonderous of creatures , but the film is in actuality an homage to those who love mythology , those who refuse to be pigeon-holed and accept the mundane qualities of the reality which surrounds them . The script is flawless -LRB- only one major part of the story is omitted in the animated retelling -RRB- , the voice performances flawless -LRB- especially Mia Farrow 's as the Unicorn -RRB- and the songs by America fit the soft , gentle , pensive mood of the film perfectly . If you seek nothing more than a truly great film about one of the most beloved themes of all time , this film should not be missed under any circumstance . One of the best movies ever made , animated or otherwise , ranking right up there with Pinocchio and Beauty and the Beast .
 I used to watch this video all the time when I was a littlegirl ! I always loved Fantasy stories , and unicorns in particular!When I first saw this movie , I loved it from the start ! With characters like Amounthea -LRB- the unicorn -RRB- believing she is the last , and Schmendrick the `` magician '' who never gets his spells quite right , or Molly , who 's longed to see a unicorn forever , but was told they did n't exsist ! The three venture out , to find other unicorns like Amounthea , where they meet King Haggard , and his son , the prince , and the Red Bull . The whole story is thrilling for anyone who loves fantasy !! Enjoy !!
 I always thought I 'd eventually get to old to like a movie with wizards , unicorns , and talking cats ... but fortunatley , that day has not yet come.watch it - its a good movie to watch the first time with the whole family , since some parts did scare me a bit when I was little
 This is such a fantastic animated film . I 've loved it since childhood , however , i would love to see a new DVD version of this film . Video is a dead format , and I hope to see this classic brought to life in the dvd world .
 All I can say is that when I watch this movie I 'm a kid again.It was my favorite when I was a kid and still is.I love the music and the characters . But of course I love the unicorn the most . It 's a touching and heart warming story thats sure to become a family classic . I totally recommend it .
 My only complaint is a brief scene where the wizard is smashed between a live -LRB- female -RRB- tree 's breasts and says `` Oh my g -- . I 'm engaged to a douglas fir ! '' . Otherwise , a wonderful , well scripted movie . My children ages 8 to 3 were transfixed , and I loved it as a child and still do .
 Wonderful , I loved it as a kid . My only complaint is one brief scene with a huge tree , the wizard says `` Oh my g -- , I 'm engaged to a douglas fir ! '' . Otherwise , it is one of the best fantasy children 's films ever made .
 I can still remember the first time I saw the Last Unicorn , years ago , at someone 's house . Whenever I think of it , I remember a side view of the screen showing the Unicorns in the ocean and the Bull , with the music playing . As time passed , I forgot the name of the movie and what it was about except for the Bull and the Unicorn . That is , until I helped a friend clean her room and found an old copy of it . That feeling was like falling in love all over again . The Last Unicorn was the one thing that got me interested in fantasy , and I can guarantee that I will never , ever forget this movie .
 I used to make my mom check this movie out for me everytime she took my brother and me to rent something . Just recently I saw it on t.v. I felt like I was six again watching that movie . It completely and totally touched my heart . It made me feel like a little girl again with thoes imagitive thoughts that children have . It was an amazing feeling that I got . I just bought the book yesterday and started reading it . It is wonderful too . I ca n't describe the magical feeling that I got from this movie . I read about it on the internet the other day because I was curious to find out more info on it and a woman wrote about the feeling that I get when I see that movie . She said it would be a shame if not everyone could feel that , but it may not be for everyone . I agree that it would be a shame for someone to never feel that feeling that I have experienced . I would very highly recommend seeing this . It is one of thoes movies that you never forget .
 My favorite story as a kid . A Unicorn , not wanting to believe she is the last of her kind sets out on a journey to find others like her . On the way she meets a bumbling , but good natured , magician , and a hard bitten woman who never stopped believing in Unicorns . Through an accident of magic , she becomes human , and learns what it means to feel love and regret , something none of her kind have ever known or understood.Simply one of the most wonderful stories ever told . `` They will stare , unbelieving , at the last unicorn ! ''
 At age 6 , my parents rented this video for me , knowing of my love of mythical things . From that day forth , the movie -LRB- and eventually the book as well -RRB- held a place near and dear to my heart . While I 'd never recommend the film for children who are n't used to mild cursing or animated violence , it remains a testament to looking beyond the first glance of things .
 If you read the book you would understand how great this movie is . The plot and the characters are unique . ***** + If you love fantasy you will love this movie . RENT IT > > > BUY IT > > > > READ IT !
 I 've always loved unicorns and from the moment I first watched this movie when I was 6 I was hooked . It was the vision of all my dreams coming true the magical unicorn !! The movie is brillant and magical . A true treasure ! The characters and settings are a true fairyland . Every child 's dream come true on the screen . A must see !!
 From the age of 5 unicorns were my passion . My room was plastered with pictues and I had countless books all about these mythical creatures . When I saw The Last Unicorn for the first time , I wanted nothing more than to be a unicorn myself . Finally I was able to get a scratching commercial infested version taped from an airing on T.V. I watched it religiously until my father accidentally erased it . This happened when I was 8 years old . Now , 12 years later I have stumbled apon amazon and I instantly sent away for my very own copy on video . This movie is full of magic , wonder and excitment . This is one of the few movies that can give the viewer a taste of their childhood again and leave you happier having watched it . As a child I was inspired by The Last Unicorn and through it I discovered my artistic talents when I just had to draw my own unicorns . This is a fantastic addition to anyone 's video library and to anyone 's imagination .
 This movie was my all time favorite as a child , and I have been searching for it in video stores everywhere . The story line is beautiful and moving , and the unicorn goes on a life journey that both inspires and enchants ! This is most definately a timeless classic that all should have the opportunity to enjoy !
 I have loved this movie ever since I saw it when I was five . I am now fourteen , and collect all kinds of Unicorn things . The movie was so magical it really makes you believe Unicorns exist . It still makes me cry .
 This was a wonderful movie that I used to and still do love . A great movie for kids of all ages . I highly recommend it . I also recommend The Never-Ending Story .
 This is exelent entertainment for the entire family . If you all had 7 stars this would rate an eight .
 When I was little , this is the first movie I remember seeing . Again and again . Every time I saw it , I would laugh , cry , and swear that someday I would own a copy . I finally do , and it has not changed . I have every line memorized , every song -LRB- and they are wonderful , to whoever wrote that top review -RRB- , every little nuance ... it is so much a part of me that I can not imagine what I would be like if I had never seen it . Different , and probably worse . Believe it or not , this wonderful child 's tale of magick and monsters and True Love does have a moral and lessons . If you have children and have n't shown them The Last Unicorn yet , be sure to soon . It 's too good to pass up !
 Everything about this movie is incredible . An incredible plot , incredible characters , and incredible animation . But this is one of those films where you either hate it with all your heart , or love it with all your heart . I am the latter . So , if your heart is true and your mind is open , and -LRB- Most importantly -RRB- , you love fantasy , see this movie NOW !! Otherwise , E-mail me with your complaints about this movie and I 'll gladly clear them up for you . END
 The color is beautiful and crisp and the audio is crystal clear . and what might be unforgivable to some ... is the editing of `` damn '' . It appears three times ... if my memory serves me right . The first time it is spoken by Ruk -LRB- `` I do n't care how many damn spells you put on her ! Get rid of that harpy ! -RRB- the bad guys can say damn . But the good guys obviously ca n't . They 're removed it from both Molly 's speech and Lir 's exclamation as he asending the steps to meet Amalthea . They very neatly edited it out . You wo n't notice it if you have n't memorized the script , but for those who have -LRB- like me -RRB- it ruins one of the most moving speeches in the movie . What does this movie have a G rating anyway ? Busty trees , naked ladies and crazed , nipply harpies ... slap a PG on `` The Late Unicorn '' and give my `` Damn ! '' , damnnit!I 'm also disappointed that they used Mia Farrow 's singing for `` Now that I 'm a Woman '' when the german soundtrack has a different woman sing the song . I thought they would remove Mia 's singing and use the better version.It 's a shame that after all this work that went into this release , they changed the one thing that did matter to fans and did n't change the other thing that obviously needed to be changed.I 'm not sorry I bought it , i got 2 dvd of it i love the last Unicorn however . It 's a major improvment on the old DVD .
 I used to watch this movie all the time when i was little . It is a great movie about a unicorn that discovers that she is the last one . She goes on a journey to find the others . There is a king that keeps all the other unicorns in the sea so he can watch them whenever he likes and the unicorn has to face the red bull that keeps the unicorns in the sea . The unicorn gets turned into a human by her magician friend and she forgets who she is , and falls in love with the prince . It is a great movie and little girls love to watch it .
 I first watched this when I was a little girl , and I love it just as much now as I ever did . It teaches kids good lessons nand is a joy to watch .
 I bought this movie about three months ago I belive I got in some time in Early January . I had know about it longer than that . I belive the first time I saw it up for sale was in August of either 06 or 05 . I however was reluctant to get it I was n't sure if it would be as god as the other animated movies that came out in the same decade such as the original return of the king . This movie has been out a long time in vhs format but is relatively new in dvd format . The film was original relased 25 years ago in the middle of 1982 . But has only been avilable in DVD format for about the last three years or mid 2004 This a phonominal move tells the story of a young unicorn who is despertly searching to find here missing kin . Can she with the aid of a bumbling magican defeat the red bull and free the other unicorns . This movie has phonominal cast including the phonimal Christopher lee who recently appeared in the Fellowship of the Ring and the Two towers and who was also original appeared in one scene in the Return of King but unfortunaetly that scene of the movie was cut out of the widescream and theatrical version of movie to save time and two speed up the film . You can see it but only in the four disk special extended edition . Also thought to inform you there are two version of this there is a regular version then there is a special 20th aniversary version you can get them on Amazon for under 20 dollars if you get them used in just very good conditon . A word of advice if you have a dvd player but you live out side of North Americas in contents Europe - through Austarila I recommend you get this in VHS format if possible . There are copies of this dvd up for sale on amazon in region two format but they are kind pricy the cheaptest you can purchase a copy of the dvd in this format is some where inbetween $ 100 and 110 with the shipping fee include . A word of warming even though this movie got a g-rating some parts of this movie like the scenes with the red bull chasing the unicorn and the part when the wizard is being smothered by the female tree may be to intense or to vulgar for kids under the age of thirteen to handle depending on what there parents our guardians thinks is appropriate for there age . Will the unicorn free here people . There is also a novel version of this as well .
 The Last Unicorn is a charming family movie . I really enjoyed the folk music soundtrack by America and the wonderful animation . I 'm so glad that the movie features the voices of talented actors like Mia Farrow , Jeff Bridges , and Christopher Lee . Children will love this film as mine do . It has a classic story line ; Good vs. Bad so it 's an easy plot for kids to grasp . It also has a little more depth and enough humor for adults to be able to enjoy this movie also.The only problem I see with this movie is the format not the actual movie . It is full screen instead the preferred widesceen by many . Also , the movie says it has special features , but I could n't find them.Although there are those format issues I listed above , this movie is still awesome . I would definately recommend this film as it is a nice family movie .
 the movie was a childhood favorite and even now i still love the movie !
 I have always loved this movie and was so excited to learn it was on DVD finally . A wonderful cast and wonderful music . I could watch it again and again . I love it .
 I watched this when I was young . My daughter loves the fantasy horses like unicorns and pegusus . She enjoyed the movie . Thanks .
 This amazing movie stole all of my emotions and put them on film . I laughed , cried , and I stood on the edge of my seat through out the entire movie ! I am still just a child and enjoy watching it over and over with my friends and family . It 's a great movie that I would love to share with my children . -LRB- when I grow up and have some -RRB- . END
 I have loved this movie since I been very young . In order to like it you must have a love for make-believe animals . I love unicorns . I will watch this movie with my kids and forever . END
 The movie was published before I was born , but I know my mother must have rented while she was pregnant with me , because I have always , always had a deep love for this movie . Since I was old enough to talk my father into renting me videos -LRB- about 2 years of age -RRB- I have been getting that movie . I had almost forgotten about the wonderful thing until I was it Easter sunday on television , that brought it all back . Since I 've read the book and gotten even deeper into the story . Both the book and the Movie are wonderful if you can deal with a little sadness and I suggest you get both . END
 This movie changed my entire life -- I 'm not kidding ! Without this movie I would be nothing . I do n't know why , but this movie goes to your head ! I have two unicorn posters , two painted unicorn portraits , I do n't know how many unicorn books , and about a zillion unicorn figures becuase of this great book !!!!! END
 After seeing a screening of this film last night , I realized that the current DVD release has been heavily censored to please over protective parents . As Mr. Beagle said himself , `` When sold at Wallmart , it looked like ` My Little Pony ' on steroids . When parents actually saw the film they were upset by its content . Walmart put the pressure on Lion 's Gate and this cut of the movie was removed . `` This release of the DVD still is in its uncut form . The ' 25th Anniversary Edition ' DVD has only the censored cut of the film . In that version over 12 minutes have been removed and Amalthea 's human body has been retouched to eliminate any nudity.So I know that this release of the DVD has very poor quality but it is worth buying . Let me let you in on a little secret ... The ' 25th Anniversary Edition ' DVD has almost exactly the same poor sound and video quality . In my opinion , the ' 25th Anniversary Edition ' DVD has worse picture quality with only a monotone soundtrack . The version on this older DVD release has better sound than the newer one . Both soundtracks are titled ` monotone ' but on the original release the sound is better . I think that the reason for this is because the ' 25th Anniversary Edition ' was ripped off a VHS then transfered to DVD without re-mastering -LRB- except for the censorship -RRB- . This older edition of the DVD was probably taken from a recording that HBO had been given for broadcast . All in all , buy the older edition and skip the ' 25th Anniversary ' DVD . Do n't sit around and wait for an uncut DVD / Blu-ray release because there will never be one . Mr. Beagle himself told me that face to face . If you are going to be all upset about the high cost and low quality just transfer your VHS copy yourself at home by yourself . If by some miracle you have a VHS of the HBO version , please do the right thing and make copies for your friends .
 I was unsure when I first got the DVD if I would like it because some of the reviews where bad . But then once I saw if I thought it was actually better then the VHS . This was because in some parts the coloring of the unicorn was better then on the VHS . Or atleast I thought so . The only problem I find iwht it is that you ca n't find the special features on the main menu . Im guessing its like an easter egg or something .
 When I was about four or five years old I loved to watch The Last Unicorn . Spotting it at Blockbuster , I decided to rent it , wondering how I would see it now.I was worried when I saw that the animation was Rankin/Bass , but in the end I found it to be a visual confection.Some of the characters do look a little cheesy , but most of the time the animation dazzled me . In particular Mommy Fortuna 's tree stump hat is very cool , forestscapes are ethereal , and I love Molly 's BIG brown eyes.My favorite scene is the meeting of Molly and the Unicorn ... The woman is angered that the Unicorn came to her at a low point in her life rather than when she was `` new and innocent . '' After that schpiel Molly embraces her and whispers , `` I forgive you . `` To my mind , this is one of those works like The Little Prince or The Mouse and His Child that is meant for chidren but is sincere enough to captivate adults as well . Well done .
 When the last eagle soars over the last crumbling mountain , and thel ast lion roars at the last dusty fountain . In the shadow of the forest , though she may be old and worn , they will stare unbelieveing at the last unicorn ... Thus begins the adventure . When two men passing through a forest comment that unicorns do n't exist anymore , they are overheard by the resident unicorn.Deeply troubled by the thought that she might be the last of her kind , she tries to reassure herself , only to be spurred on by the words of a well travelled butterfly , regarding her kind . `` They passed down these roads long ago , and the red bull ran close behind them and covered their footprints . `` This causes her to leave her home , to travel into the world of man and risk her life , to find out if she is truly the last.Along the way , she encounters well established characters such as Mommy Fortuna , the old witch , Schmendrick the bumbling but well meaning magician , and Molly Grue , a woman who never stopped dreaming of meeting a unicorn.With their help , the unicorn continues on her quest , facing the travelling circus , the outlaws , the red bull , and finally , the evil king responsible for the dissapearance of her kind.Will she rescue the others , or is she doomed to be the last unicorn ?
 It is not often that an animated film retains so much relevance and insight for a person over the course of their entire life , but this is one such film . A child can watch it for the story , a teenager for it 's setting , and an adult for its messages . It is a truly great work that can impact anyone 's heart and mind no matter what their own situation . In a world where quality entertainment for children is becoming difficult to find , this classic remains as a timeless example of potent storytelling that does n't have to rely on eye candy or violence to hold someone 's attention .
 My four year old is positively obsessed with unicorns , we rented it from a local video store a few months ago and now we have to buy it or I 'll go broke renting it !! I have watched it with my daughter several times and it is quite enchanting as far as the theme goes . The animation is typical Japanese style and the music typical early 80 's ! But to little children who live in fantasy worlds 95 % of the time , this is a good movie .
 This movie was such a huge part of my childhood , but very , very few people I know have seen it . Every time I come across someone who has seen it , I know I 've found a ` kindred spirit . ' Everyone who I 've ever met who has seen it is simply in love with it . It 's so rare , I have an old , old treasured copy that is among my most treasured possesions . Read the book !!!
 `` The Last Unicorn '' is n't just a movie , it is a fantasy that touches the hearts of all that watch it . Something that evokes feelings of performing the impossible . I suggest it to anyone who still is in touch with the child-like pureness in themselves .
 I think that the last Unicorn was one of the cutest movies that I have ever seen . The unicorn was really pretty too ! I think whoever made this movie should make more movies .
 This movie is absolutely the `` BEST '' NON-DISNEY films I 've seen since I was a little girl . It has captivated my imagination and my love for unicorns . As much I love Disney , I believe Disney may learn a lot from this animated classic for the animation is superb and way ahead of it 's time . The animation of this film is Japanese Anime no doubt , because if you look closely at the character 's eyes they 're emphasized . I give the studio the credit they trully deserve ! 4 Thumbs up ! A must see for the animator wanna-be within . You ca n't afford to miss seeing this film or your childhood would be incomplete without it . Older children intended of course .
 `` The Last Unicorn '' is so wonderful ! I am actually watching it this second . The animation is so beatiful . Although I am fourteen years old , I have always loved this movie . It has and will be my favorite animated movie for all time .
 This movie was the most amazing cartoon i have ever seen . I dont recomend this movie for little children though , there is a liittle swearing hear and there . This movie is defanetly worth adding to youre collection .
 This is the most amazing movie I have seen in my entire life . I love unicorns and this movie portrayed the beauty and elegance a unicorn has . I first watched it when it came out on TV and it still touches me today . It has been awhile since I watched the movie but it still lives on in my mind . For anyone who has n't watched it , please do . It is truly a touching story .
 Forget this new `` computer animated '' stuff . If you want to see `` real '' magic , see this movie , it can make you cry . Although I 'm 27 years , I still love this movie . it can bring you out of reality right into the heart of fantasy
 This is a must-see movie
 I fell in love with this movie as a child and i was waiting for the DVD version so i would get better viewing quality . Unfortunately , this was not the case . Not only were the pictures grainly and shaky , but they were also shown in full screen where sometimes only 1/8 of a face was shown in the screen . The sound quality was also horrible i 'd suspect that even the VHS version would 've been better . It breaks my heart to see such a classic treated this way . The story itself is wonderful and stick very close to the book it was based on . I 'd definitely recommend this movie to audiences both old and young . Despite the quality i 'm glad to have a copy of this gem .
 Since childhood I have enjoyed most animated movies . I saw this one as a man in my late twenties and I thought it a joy . Several years ago I showed it to my mothers godsons and they loved it as well . It helped them to appreciate good animated movies . The voices of the characters are great . Many you should recognize . Anyone that likes animated stories and anime movies will probably enjoy this movie . Fans of movies like `` Legend '' , `` Labrynth '' and `` Dark Crystal '' should enjoy it . I have had the video for about twenty years so I am looking forward to getting the DVD .
 I can clearly remember the many emotions I felt during this movie . The joy you felt at the return of the unicorns . The stark terror you felt at the sight of the red bull -LRB- by the way , he STILL gives me the willies -RRB- , and the sense of sadness when our heroine unicorn is hunted for selfishness . This is not a film for the small kids -LRB- red bulls ran after me in my dreams for many nights after I saw this -RRB- but it is a masterpiece of animation . The score is phenomenal and sucks you deeply into the movie . I recommend this to everyone , not just fantasy fans . See what real animation and storytelling is like .
 This is a beautiful , moving story that captures our desire to keep magic in the world even as we outgrow it . As a child this story moved me to tears , and as an adult it still does . Magic , adventure , imagination , romance , deep internal struggles to find oneself -- it has it all . Those who liked the movie might also want to encourage their children to read the book written by Peter S. Beagle . The movie parallels it beautifully . Music is performed by the group America , and the poetry of the words is just beautiful ! Kudos to Mia Farrow for bringing this beautiful unicorn to life .
 this -LRB- and the transformers move-but they 're in two completely different categories -RRB- is my favorite animated movie ever.usually animated movies are dull and childish.this movie is really a great one-animated or not.i was looking to see if they had it for dvd but apparently-no dice.i really do hope they put it out on dvd my tape is well over ten years old now and it 'd be a shame if i could no longer watch it.if you 're into fantasy or if you 're not-if you 're into animated movies or if you 're not-you 'll love this movie -LRB- if you have any taste at all -RRB- . this is a great movie .
 When the initial US release -LRB- an abomination we 'd all like to forget -RRB- came out , I found myself buying the properly composed European release via amazon.uk and hunting down a player that 'd let me watch it.I was pleased to see that it was getting a proper US region release , but now that I 've read the reviews it looks like they 've once again missed the mark .4 stars for finally getting the look and audio straightened out . -1 for needless censorship .
 I think it 's only proper to mention that Peter S. Beagle -LRB- author of the original book on which this is based -RRB- is in a continuing contract dispute with the company producing these DVDs . According to the author , they have n't been paying him any royalties for the ongoing sales of the movie . As of December 2006 , Conlan Press -LRB- a company associated with Mister Beagle -RRB- is indicating that they 're making great progress toward sorting out the dispute and getting the distribution company to pay all of the back royalties owed . However , at this time at least , purchases of the DVD do n't direct any money at all to the original author unless the purchase is made directly from Conlan Press.It 's possible that everything will be sorted out soon and the author will be compensated appropriately . Still , for those who appreciate the work that Mr. Beagle has done , I thought it only fair that you know that he * may * end up getting nothing from the purchase price unless you get it from another source.Additionally , Conlan Press has autographed copies available , for those who like that kind of thing.On to talking about the movie itself ... I 've loved this movie since just a couple of years after it came out , when I was a small child . My grandfather recorded it on a VHS tape for me once and I played it so many times that the video and sound started distorting in places . I 've been hoping to purchase a DVD of it for quite a while , but was firmly warned by several sources that the DVD release qualities were very low , so I 'm absolutely thrilled to see that they 're finally doing a new release using better masters.The main themes of the story are immortality , love , and loss . In some ways the storyline is fairly adult , not in the sense of including a lot of sex , violence , or swearing -LRB- there 's very little -RRB- , but that they 're more complex than it may be easy for small children to grasp . However , I loved the movie as a small child , and it 's definitely possible to enjoy it even without having the maturity to pick up some of the nuances , and occasional satirical references.Reports indicate that special features include a featurette called `` The Tail of The Last Unicorn '' with an interview with the author , a game , photo and cover gallery , and the original theatrical trailer.You may find the animation style to be somewhat odd or unusual . That 's just because they contracted much of the animation work out to a Japanese company , which led to a style that is n't quite anime , but certainly has some similarities to it .
 I first saw this movie when I was 7 , and my mom said that ever sence then I had to watch the movie every day . Now that I am older , wiser , and my taists have changed , this movie still touches my heart . There is a magic in this movie that ca n't be explained . I loved this movie so much I can still hear the Unicorn 's voice , `` I rember you , I remember `` The main character in this movie is a Unicorn , who lived in a lilac wood , and she lived all alone . She gaurded and protected her forest . But all of that changed when she discovers she is the last unicorn of the world.As she travels , the Unicorn teams up with a bumbling magician named Shemdrick , and a jaded woman by the name of Molly Grue . Together they follow the path they must travel to find what has happened to lost unicorns of the world.As I have said before , no matter how many times I have seen this movie , my heart is always touched . There is an emotion in the movie that I can always feel . Now matter how many times I have seen this movie , I still laugh at the wine-loving skull , and feel the despair of the Unicorn when her love is killed.I have never seen a movie that touched my heart so much , no matter how many times I have watched it over the years . A fantasy classic that you will love . Now that I have finished this reveiw , I am going to go watch the movie again . Also if you have seen and even remotley enjoyed this movie , you should read the book The Last Unicorn , by Peter S. Beagle
 This film is inarguably one of the truly few non-Disney animated features of comparable quality . It is exceedingly faithful to Peter S Beagle 's literary masterwork and for the most part does an unbelievable job in recreating the magic of the written story . More importnatly , it is a film for anyone whose imagination has remained intact - who has never stopped believing in the impossible and never let go of the fantasies that crowd all our imaginations when we are young . This is a film of consequence - you will not emerge unmoved , unchanged . Especially memorable is the title song by America which to date remains one of the most underrated title tracks in film soundtrack history.All of the film 's characters , be it Schmendrick , Molly , Lir or the Unicorn herself , are fleshed out brilliantly on screen . The characterization is wonderful , among the best you will ever see in any fantasy film , and Mia Farrow 's recitation of the Unicorn is hauntingly innocent.This is a film which most children will enjoy , but more than likely adults will enjoy this tale of identity , journey , and magic . I can not say enough-let the magic absorb you and transport you to realms unknown !
 I have the Artisan DVD release from several years ago , and have watched it only one time . I was appalled by the horrible picture and audio transfer . It ruined all fond childhood memories of the film.With the new DVD release -LRB- which I have bought and have watched -RRB- , the film is back alive and better than ever . Sure , some middle parts of the film are a little slow and dull , but the film has wonderfully intelligent and beautiful art and scenes -LRB- any red bull scene -RRB- , and the musicial score by `` America '' is actually infectios at times.The digital transfer is as clear and crisp as it could be , both image and sound . The voice talents are also solid throughout , with the random exception of awkward dialogue for Mia Farrow . The colors are full and rich , and the sound really booms at times.Do not be discouraged from the prior DVD release , this is wonderful .
 The animation is simplistic but elegant , the characters each look as if they should . The animators truly managed to get into the mind of Beagle and extract the designs to perfection . Thankfully , unlike alot of Disney cartoons , this movie was not ` dumbed down ' for a children 's audience , and stays faithful to the magic of the original story.I watched this as a child many times , the first when I was about four or even a year younger perhaps , and although total understanding was n't quite in place yet , I enjoyed watching the unicorn and the terrifying -LRB- at the time -RRB- sequences with the red bull . It made a lasting impression that made me seek out the movie a few years ago now that I 'm older and I still enjoyed the flick , perhaps even more than I did back then.Romantic and sweet , with moments of suspense , and a heartwarming story , whether you have read the book or not , it 's worthy of watching again and again .
 Just a note to fans of this film that are on the fence about this new edition.According to Bill Hunt at The Digital Bits : QuoteThe new Blu-ray will offer the film completely uncensored , but it will also include the edited `` family friendly '' audio track for those who prefer it . Both the censored and uncensored audio tracks will be DTS-MA 5.1 . That comes directly from studio sources -LRB- and thank you to those sources ! -RRB- , so fans can rest easy . / QuoteHope this helps .
 For those of you not in the know The Last Unicorn is a really nice fantasy movie based on the popular book by Peter Beagle . As the name implies it 's about unicorn who found out she is the last of her kind and sets out to uncover the truth behind that . She soon finds out all of the other unicorns have been captured by a mythical creature , and with the help of an inept magician and a surly maiden they seek out to bring the unicorns back from captivity.The story is among the best in fairy tale fiction . You have a fair number of mystical creatures and learn interesting tidbits about them throughout the film . You also have a romantic aspect between a prince and maiden -LRB- which is required for many who love fairy tales -RRB- , sword slinging action , wondrous magic , singing -LRB- we 'll get to that later -RRB- , and comedy all done up by the voice talents of A-list actors like Allen Arkin -LRB- Little Miss Sunshine , Edward Scissorhands -RRB- , Mia Farrow -LRB- Rosemary 's Baby , Hannah and her Sisters -RRB- , Christopher Lee -LRB- Lord of the Rings , Star Wars prequels -RRB- , Jeff Bridges -LRB- The Big Lebowski , Tron movies -RRB- , Angela Landsbury -LRB- Beauty and the Beast , Murder She Wrote -RRB- , and a slew of other notable talents.The action scenes are exciting and directing does well with the movement and colors in these scenes . The scenes that involve the romance feel real with characters hitting home the type of emotions a young love can feel . The fun scenes are really fun , but it 's more dialog kind of funny . Lots of good one liners come from the script . Not so much in the realm of visual comedy unless you count the scene with the laughing skeleton and maybe one scene with a talking cat . The villain -LRB- done by Lee -RRB- is pitch perfect in execution as both a bad man and a flawed human being . The voice acting feels just as perfect with maybe an exception to Arkin 's Schmendrick , whose lines sometimes feel a little wooden.The animation is done by the Rankin/Bass team . They are more known for their stop motion holiday specials . However they also have a respectable cartoon portfolio with tv shows like the Thundercats and movies like The Flight of Dragons , Lord of the Rings
 The film is excellent , and I am giving it five stars.However , I have been informed in an e-mail newsletter : `` Please note - Peter still gets money from Last Unicorn movie sales ONLY through Conlan Press . That goes for this new Blu-ray edition , too . If you buy it anywhere else Peter gets nothing at all . Which really sucks when you consider that 1.8 million Last Unicorn DVDs have been sold in America since 2004 , and only around 6,000 of those went through Conlan Press . None of the other copies earned a cent for Peter . So please encourage everyone you know to support him by buying the combo pack through Conlan Press , and nowhere else . Thanks ! `` I do n't know if this is also true of Amazon sales , but either way Amazon should address the issue directly and clarify this . I am not comfortable putting something like this in an Amazon review - essentially a plug for another supplier - but I think it is important information.EDITED AND UPDATED -LRB- 2012 -RRB- : Peter Beagle has come to an agreement on rights that is very satisfactory to all parties . He is now in full ownership of the rights to this movie and gets properly paid for sales . Disregard the above !
 This was one of the first movies I can remember watching , and it still haunts me . The book is one I return to year after year , and the movie does what is seldom done in adaptations and remains faithful to the text it was based on.The animation itself is wonderful , whimsical , and the characters linger in the mind long after the more mainstream looking characters of other movies blur in the mind . Almost twenty years later , the Red Bull still scares me . Schmedrick the magician is a loveable character , a failure as a magician who still keeps trying , and strikes a familiar chord in us all . I think any woman can relate to Molly Grue , still waiting for her unicorn . Even King Haggard is a sympathetic character if only in his selfishness.This is a definite must have to anyone who loves fantasy and unicorns . Though it might be a little too much for young children -LRB- it scared the pants off me the first time I watched it -RRB- it is something every child will appreciate . Heck , its something grownups will appreciate too , since I still love to read the book and watch the movie .
 It 's a shame that Amazon is just mixing in all the VHS , DVD , and blu-ray reviews into one huge pile . There are over 500 reviews now for this title , and the blu-ray has only been out a couple of days . If I was reviewing the film , THE LAST UNICORN , then I would give it a 5/5 . But I 'm not , there is the entire blu-ray release experience to consider : PACKAGING
 Loved this film when I was a kid , loved it again as a young adult . I am now the proud owner of a brand new copy . Along with Flight of Dragons , the Last Unicorn has got to be one of the most underappreciated animated masterpieces ever -LRB- but not for much longer , I hope -RRB- . While Flight of Dragons was more intellectual , the Last Unicorn was more poignant and emotional . A wonderful fairy tale with heart and soul for people of all ages.The animation is simple yet graceful and elegant , filled with rich beautiful basic colors . It has a surreal and dreamlike quality -LRB- even more so than Flight of Dragons -RRB- . The character designs for the most part were excellent , particularly Lady Amalthea whose exotic beauty is breathtaking . I especially love the way her long beautiful , willowy hair flows in the wind ... The music is quite memorable , although the singing voices for Lady Amalthea and Prince Lir were a bit warbly at times -LRB- though the songs themselves were rather nice -RRB- . The background music fits and complements the scenes perfectly.And who can ever forget the voice acting . God , such absolute pure star quality !!! You can almost imagine as if these were real live flesh and blood people -LRB- especially Molly Grue -RRB- . The story is one of the most original I have ever come across . Based on the classic novel by Peter S. Beagle -LRB- who also did the screenplay -RRB- , a lonely immortal unicorn goes out in search for others of her kind , meets some very interesting humans -LRB- some good , some bad , and some in between -RRB- along the way . She is later unwittingly given a taste of mortality and love in a way she could have never imagined when she is accidently transformed into a beautiful human maiden by a bungling magician . This is a fairy tale with dramatic and emotional depth of Shakespearean proportions . Deeply moving , moody , and atmosperic . They just do n't make such powerful , thoughtful stuff like this anymore.Now that they are in the process of developing a live action version of this film with several of the original voice actors participating in it -LRB- some even reprising their roles -RRB- , it 's more important than ever to own this beautiful masterpiece for your collection . I give the Last Unicorn my highest recommendation .
 It was n't until recently , when jogged into memory by the theme song of ` The Last Unicorn ' when the movie came back and hit me in between the eyes . I 've seen it since I was seven/eight and it 's still a movie -- not just a cartoon -- that lives and survives through all of the turmoil of growing up ! I just think of the unicorn running through the grassy meadows in the beginning of the movie , and I immediately want to see it again ! The music is beautiful and fits the movie so well -- esp . the intro theme ! -- and the animation is very good -LRB- the unicorn is the best example of the good anime back then ! -RRB- The funny parts with the goofy magician Schmerdrick is memorable , as well as being frightened by the first appearance of the Red Bull and then the wonder at seeing the unicorn being changed into the beautiful Lady Almalthea . This is a movie that everyone should see ! It sticks with you for your whole life , and still keeps part of you as a child ! I want to see it again myself and the theme song is still circling around in my brain ...
 I first saw this movie when I was three or four , and my dad recorded it onto a BETA tape for me . That 's how long I 've loved it . The animation is not quite Disney , but charming in its own way ... sort of twirly and spiralling . The characters are developed nicely -- none are all good , but none are all bad . As I 've gotten older , some of the dialoge strikes a ` cheesy ' chord in me , but the vast majority is great . The music is ... um , well , the impressions made in childhood tend to last for a long time . I loved it when I was a little kid , and now , intellectually , I know it 's horrible and boring , but secretly I still know all the lyrics . I 'm so excited that it 's out on video now ... and have you seen the Last Unicorn shirts at ... ? Most excellent . Overall , I would say this movie is fine for any age group or family . There 's nothing to offend anyone , yet it manages to entertain the entire time . A good idea is to also read the book by Peter S. Beagle -LRB- and every other book he 's written -RRB- , as it is one of the most faithful-to-the-book screenplays I 've seen .
 I remember seeing this as a child . Even then I was impressed at the story it told , and the animation quality . Rankin and bass , best known for the stop motion holiday films , put this film out with writer Peter S. Beagle adapting his own work to screenplay . It 's a well written fantasy story with great voice acting , great songs , and again beautiful animation . Who does n't remember their first time seeing the flaming Red Bull , or the Unicorns in the seafoam ! Like all other classic animated films I introduced my daughter to this and she fell in love . And what 's not to love ? And with this Blu-ray/Dvd version I can watch it with the unedited audio track I can introduce it to adults as well . Secret of Nimh is next .
 When my daughter was 3 yrs old , we used to rent this movie from our local library . We always had this one at our house , when she grew up she wanted her own copy and amazon was the only place we could find it . Great classic anime , Thanks .
 I have been a fan of this film since I was a child and owned it on VHS in the 80s . Even though the DVD does not have the special features it touts on the backcover , I was just happy to have the film on DVD - I thought they would never release it!The Last Unicorn is about an immortal unicorn who leaves her enchanted forest after learning the rest of the unicorns have vanished from the Earth . On her quest she meets many memorable characters
 This film is superb . I watched it many times as a kid , and am thrilled to be able to watch it again as an adult . It 's one of the rare few films with more than enough wonder to hold the attention of a child , yet enough depth and honesty to touch the soul of a grown up ; a deeply meaningful , poinient animated fantacy classic . Another reviewer described it as the `` best animated film ever , '' and while I 'm not quite bold enough to echo that sentiment , at the moment , I ca n't quite seem to think of one that surpasses it.That said , I 'm deeply irritated by the edits that were made . The producers who did it should be ashamed of themselves for altering a single word . Who exactly did they think they were protecting ? Or was it just a money thing ? Stupid fools . Unchanged , it would easily get 5 stars , but in good concience , I must give this version of the dvd only 4 stars for that reason alone .
 I had stopped by Target to get some necessities when I passed by their music/movies department . Lo and behold , a commercial for the 25th anniversary edition of The Last Unicorn ! One of my all time favorite movies ! I went straight to the display and plunked a copy in my cart , assuring my 2 yr old that he was going to LOVE this movie . He even put back his copy of the Cars movie soundtrack just to look at the dvd cover!Sure enough , we got home and watched the whole thing through . I was stunned at the beautiful clarity of the music , let alone the picture . I personally did n't notice any editing , until I read about it in the other posts here . Honestly , I do n't think it suffers from having those words removed . I have an old copy of the movie from when it aired on tv once upon a time , and I am just ecstatic to have this one now . No matter who you buy it from - BUY IT !
 The last Unicorn is a true cartoon classic , its magical story telling at its best , great for kids of all ages and most adults will enjoy it as well . The reason I deduced a star was simpally because of the dvd release . Being a student in the DVD field I can tell that they simpally took an old vhs master and boosted the resolution in hopes that it would imitate DVD quality but it failed miserably . However that doesnt work , boosting the resolution on an old master like that brings out its flaws . I bought the DVD and recorded the cartoon off television onto a DVD-R . I compaired them side by side and can honestly say the television recording holds out better overall . Its sad that classics like this are neglected , but then again business is business .
 I absolutely love this movie ! The movie itself deserves five stars . For those of you who have not seen this movie it is a wonderful tale of a unicorn that is looking for others like her . Along the way she meets many new people and encounters many mishaps which include being turned into a human . But as with other reviewers I believe there are some flaws in the DVD . I was greatly hoping that with a DVD release there would be some extra futures and to my disappointment there are none . The scene selection is a minor plus . I like the fact that I can skip through at a whim and listen to the music from America . I believe picture quality is just as it was on the VHS but it may be a little crisper when the people are involved , but as a whole the screen still remains a little shaky while being played . Lastly a member of my family has some problems hearing and subtitles are unavailable on this DVD . It 's not perfect but for the price it was well worth it .
 I first saw this when I was 8 years old and I especially enjoyed the Red Bull scene . The music is sort of operatic with a touch of Fantasia . There is a scene with the magician tied to a ` loving tree ' and I ca n't help but laugh my butt off . Another person does n't like it that her children saw it , with the language or the tree . I can understand that , not from a parents POV but just the same . Otherwise , I give this movie 2 thumbs up .
 This movie is as charming as it was the first time I saw it . The animation leaves a bit to be desired -LRB- it looks terribly similar to the animation in `` The Hobbit '' -RRB- , but thanks to the beauty of the story , I was quickly able to overlook the `` rustic '' animation . An enchanting tale of a unicorn , afraid she is the last in the world , on a quest to find more of her kind and set them free from King Haggard and the Red Bull . This captivating movie is enough to rekindle even the hardest cynic 's childhood belief in magic .
 I watched this movie all the time when I was young . It was my favorite childhood movie . The unicorn and the whole movie just seemed so magical to me . I highly recommend this movie for all children of all ages ! An excellent movie .
 The Last Unicorn has and always will be my favorite cartoon/movie . It epitomizes the true meaning of Fantasy -LRB- without the elves , dwarves and dragons -RRB- . The unicorns , magicians and sorceresses are all part of the fantasy world in which some people like to dream . I have always been a lover of unicorns and dragons . Though they may be myth it never hurts to use your imagination and go beyong what you see in front of you . The animation in this movie is very Japanese -LRB- for those who did not know -RRB- and that is one of the many reasons it continues to be one of my favorite movies . This is a definite keeper . If you never got the chance to watch this as a child I recommend you do so now , its never too late . If you have seen the Last Unicorn , I would suggest you buy it for your own collection as it has been a treasure in mine .
 This is a great movie ! I first saw it when I was about 6 and I still love it ! Beware of the profanity ! I recently saw it again and I was surprised to hear the bad language because of the G rating .
 I ca n't remember when I first saw this , but I really enjoyed watching every so often , now even after all these years , it still brings a tear to my eyes .
 I really love this movie ever since I was born in 1984 and that is when I first saw it . I always see it once in awhile . It is the perfect movie for a little girl who belives in unicorn and magic . This is the best family movie there is -LRB- I am a little bais -RRB- .
 When I first saw the animated version of this story , I was about 8 years old . Now I am 18 , and this book has held me spellbound for 3 nights this week alone . There is a certain vainess in the unicorn 's character , that was missing in the animated version . Peter paints an intricate portrait of all of his characters from Molly the kitchen maid , to King haggard 's men-at-arms . I enjoyed this book , I think Peter left me begging for more . A sequel would be great , but you can only write a masterpiece once END
 I remember the movie from my childhood , just as vivid as ever . The tale is timeless , in that the main character , a beautiful and benevolent unicorn -LRB- Mia Farrow -RRB- , sets out on a journey to discover what has become of the rest of the unicorns . On her journey she finds certain hard truths about the world in which she lives.Several people befriend the Unicorn and dedicate their services to helping her find the other Unicorn . The first of which is Schmendrick , a magician in the making and more or less a prankster at heart . The next to join the band was Molly , whom had encountered the beauty of the Unicorn before.The movie goes on to explain the bands travels an encounters and tells of a tale of romance and tragedy .
 I love this movie so much . I have been watching it for years and I have yet to grow tired of it . It is a great movie with beautiful songs and music . The story-line will capture you . This is definately one of MY favorite movies .
 Gods , I love this movie so much . Sure , the animation could be better , but I could never hope for anything as wonderful as this . When I was young I must have watched a million times . The tape was worn down , and I 've been looking for a new one ever since . This movie , book , soundtrack , everything is amazing . I have never seen such an intresting plot , or beautiful words on a page . I might be a little obsessed , but I do n't mind ... this movie is amazing .
 This is an incredibly strong , beautiful and entertaining movie if you can get past the dated animation , which I think actually adds something to the feel of the whole thing.The last of the unicorns is told that the rest of her kind were herded into captivity a flaming beast called the Red Bull . She begins alone on her quest to rescue the rest of her kind , having to leave the safety of her wood -LRB- where she can not be killed -RRB- and is joined in time by a hapless wizzard/jest , a strong willed woman and a warrior prince.The story is wonderfully told and the actors use their voices well to compliment what is a most beautiful dialogue . It is further enhanced by exquisitly crafted songs with strong melodies and vivid lyrics to match . It all adds up to a wonderful , moving and memorable experience.In my humble opinion - there 's no mistaking this as a family classic . In the words of King Haggard : `` I know you ! I almost knew you as soon as I saw you coming on the road , with your cook and your clown ; since then , there is no movement of yours that has not betrayed you ! A pace , a glance , a turn of the head , the flash of your throat as you breathe , even your way of standing perfectly still , they were all my spies ! ''
 God ! I 'm deeply addicted to this movie . I love EVERYTHING about it ... . got the film , the soundtrack , have reda the book ... ca n't get enough : -RRB- It 's the most wounderful film that ever have been made .
 Not many people have heard about this beautiful movie . With original songs by America and huge stars as voice actors , the movie is great and charming . The animation is that of Japanese creators but the story is understandable and beautiful . I love watching this at least every other month !
 This was one of my favorite movies since childhood , and I love it as much today as an adult as I did then . This is a fun movie for both kids and adults and the animation is very cool . Everybody should give this one a try . It 's great !!
 I have loved this movie ever since I was a child . I would ask my mother to rent it over and over and over from the video store . I ca n't believe they just did n't give it to us !! As a child I sang along with the songs that set the mood , and can even today recall the lyrics . I am 16 and still in love with this great treasure , infact , I just ordered it , and when I get more money in my account , I am also going to order the book . I suggest this movie to anyone who likes unicorns , or great 80 's movies , like me .
 I have owned this movie since I was a child , and still watch it on a regular basis . The music is amazing , the characters real , the love unforgettable . I also read the book recently , and hope that the remake in 2003 will incorporate more of the story than the animated version did . Truly animation 's greatest masterpiece .
 I first saw this movie when It was given to me on my eight birthday by my grandparents . It stole my heart , no sooner had I recieved it had I seen over and over every day . It broke over time , so my mother bought me another . I can still remeber the songs from the movie before I got my second copy . You 'll never see a better movie than this if you love fantasy or your kids do.Excert , said by the Unicorn , '' What she calls a manticore looks to be nothing more than a shabby toothless old lion , and she make them believe that poor old ape with a twisted ankle is a satyr . Deception , Illusion , Mirages , your mommy Fortuna can not truly change things ... '' written from my memory .
 It was a beautiful movie with a great script . It kept my heart missing a beat with the action love and adventure all rolled into one movie . If you have n't seen then you do n't know what your missing !
 I saw this for the first time when i was a little kid , and I still love to watch it . Every time I see it , it becomes even better . It is visually stunning in this age of computer graphics and the story is classic .
 I loved this movie from the moment I saw it -LRB- 3 years old -RRB- up to this moment and I 'll still love it till the day I die . Anyone who loves mystical creatures , beautiful artwork , comedy , adventure , and who loves putting themselves in the character 's shoes must buy this movie because I garantee you ... watching this movie the first 10 times will not satisfy you enough .
 I grew up on this movie and my brother and sister could quote it word for word . It 's a great family movie that shows the devoted love and quest of one unicorn for the rest of her kind . You will fall in love with this movie .
 i just bought this video from amazon and i love it !! when she turns into a girl , she 's so beautiful !! i love it !! the first time i sawit was a long , long time ago . the skeleton scared me really bad , but i got over it , and it 's great !!
 Though I ca n't quite figure out why , I loved the movie . The music was strange , poignant , even , and it gives you the feeling for the scene . The only flaw was when Amalthea sang ; she should stick to speaking . And the story was wonderful , a thoughtful line that showed how life would sometimes go one way and you could not help but let it go that way . And the characters ! The harpy 's `` We are sisters '' and Amalthea 's `` This body is dying ! '' and all the lines and personalities and appearances ... It 's too much ! Got ta go cry now .
 I saw the movie so many years ago as a child and even before I knew what romance was or was about I thought it was a great love story . I loved the music too and was so pleased to find the CD available for order since it ca n't be found in American stores , just like the video.The Last Unicorn will be part of my video collection .
 Never has there been a movie that has sparked my imagination and kept my dreams of the fantastical world alive and flourishing ... There are unicorns all around us ... I believe ...
 As a child I watched this tale and as an adult I still get enveloped in the story . It is a truimphant fantasia of wonder and dreams . And , I still know the movie by heart .
 I 've been collecting anime related things almost my whole life . I 've gone as far as changing my art style . This is a wonderful movie for all ages . Even though it has its week points , the moral of the movie stays the same . `` Believe '' ! This movie is something to spend your money on !
 This was my favorite movie when I was younger . Now I 'm in college , and my friends and I are sititng here drinking beer and chilling with `` The Last Unicorn '' ! I will always love this movie ... it will always be a part of me , and it can be a part of you , too !
 This movie is more than a cartoon . It is a true work of art . The music is beautiful , and the animation is magical . The book is a must-read , and the movie is a must-see .
 People of all ages love this story . It is currently a movie and a book and both are equally fantastic . The Last Unicorn has been my favorite movie for as long as I can remeber . This movie will never leave you stranded . It has all the elements a fantasy story should have . Buy it while you can because this movie will remain for years to come and the longer you wait the more expensive it will be . This movie is a true classic .
 My topic says it all . Mistic music and a true story of innocence lost make this an unforgettable tale of good and evil . I reccomend it to anyone with a love of fantasy and a lust for life .
 An absolute must see , for fans of the novel . Extremely well done , I loved this movie as a child , and it still makes me happy ! I would like to add however that I 've been searching for a plush version of The Last Unicorn.If anyone one can locate one please contact me.Email
 An absolute must see , for fans of the novel . Extremely well done , I loved this movie as a child , and it still makes me happy ! I would like to add however that I 've been searching for a plush version of The Last Unicorn.If anyone one can locate one please contact me.Email
 I happened to bump into a site with the Last Unicorn today . It immediately brought back memories of my not too distant childhood -LRB- I 'm 17 now -RRB- , and how much I treasured this movie ... how I watch it over and over , sobbing through , and loving the ending . Despite its age , it remains my favorite animated movie to this day ... somehow , this movie seems more `` real '' than any other animation I 've seen.I was n't aware there was a book until now , and I will rush to get a copy of it ASAP ! `` That can not be . Why would I be the last ? What do men know ? Because men have not seen unicorns for a while does not mean we have all vanished . We do not vanish . There has never been a time without unicorns . We live forever . We 're as old as the sky , old as the moon ... ''
 It has been several years since I have seen this ... it touches me now as it did then . The music , the artistry ... it is all magic .
 I remeber watching this movie / cartoon when I was like 4 or 5 . I loved it then and I love it now . This has to be the StOnIeSt cartoon ever made !! Nuff sed ...
 I 've loved this movie ever since I was very little and I still love it today ! Not only is the story and the artistry terrific , but the music is amazing too ! Bottom line
 I could never put my finger on what was so special about this movie until today , and I decided to write a review describing it . The movie deals with immortality and eternity . How some things never really end . That is what is so special about it to me . The desire to live on after death , if only in the memories of those who knew us .
 I remember watching this movie when I was little , not even realizing it was based on a novel . Having read the novel some 14 years later , the movie very acurately portrays Beagle 's novel with only one chapter omitted . The animation is superb , anothe triumpth by Rankin-Bass . the only problem is that , with most cartoons , the music gets quite annoying at times . But a little advice , read the novel first , that way you 'll understand the finer points of the movie better .
 Apparently every single person my age loved this movie as a child , and apparently every one of us thinks that they are the only ones to have seen it . Words can not describe how perfect and wonderful this movie is ... the only thing that might make people not like it is the fact that it is animated . But even the animation is so beautiful and unique - it 's real 80 's Rankin/Bass , and very distinct.The plot line is something that children can get caught up in , and that everyone can empathize with - feeling alone , and searching for others like you . The cast is wonderful , my personal favorite being Shmendrick , the failed magician -LRB- Be wary of wowsing a wizards ' wath ... rousing a risards ... be wary of making a wizard angry ! ... -RRB- The humor is sophisticated , the plot is entertaining , and the scenes are animated with a poignant beauty that you just ca n't find in modern Disney . I 'm instructing you to BUY THIS MOVIE . NOW .
 and if you do n't like it , you -LSB- stink -RSB- . Nagging mothers complain that it should n't have been rated G because of some extremely mild cursing . But , it really added to the movie and story.This had a beautiful story and message , even though it ended sadly.But what was even sadder was the fact that the very very cool Molly McGrue got together with the really really dorky freaky magician Schmenderik -LRB- with a nose the size of a casaba melon -RRB- . Alas , that is the only bad part of the movie . But it is still really good , and you should totally see it , dude ! So what are you wating for ? GO OUT AND BUY IT !!
 I think that this movie is possibly one of the greatest animated movies ever created . I watched it first when I was about 5 years old ... and never saw it again until I caught I glimps of it while flipping through channels when I was 22 , and I knew exactly what it was within 2 seconds . That 's how memorable the movie was for me . Of course , when I was five I liked it because it had unicorns in it - what five year old , does n't like unicorns ? I still like it because of the unicorns , but I absolutely LOVE it because of the story and the beautiful job the animators have done with it . It 's such a touching , sad , story with equally touching , sad , music , intended -LRB- in my opinion -RRB- more for adults than for children , although both will enjoy it . I still cry every time I watch it . I probably always will.If you were ever a child , this movie will touch your heart .
 This is one of the best movies to come out of the 80s , or any decade , for that matter . I do n't remember how old I was when I first saw it , only that I 've loved it for as long as I can remember . The animation is lovely , if not as grandios as recent Disney fare , and the story is absolutely fantasic ! As everyone says , it 's deep and poignant , and has wonderfully realistic characters . The voice acting is terrific , very real . Listening to Molly Grue yell at the unicorn -LRB- `` Where have you been ?! Where were you twenty years ago , ten years ago ? Where were you when I was new ? How dare you come to me now , when I am this ! '' -RRB- almost always makes my throat a little tight.This movie also has one of the best sound tracks EVER . I have the CD of the soundtrack , and have listened to it dozens of times without once getting sick of it . It 's a good thing I have the CD , or I probably would 've killed my tape by now fast-forwarding to the songs ! Admittedly , Mia Farrow should not have been allowed to sing `` Now that I 'm a Woman '' , and the duet -LRB- while one of the most honest love songs I know -RRB- , does n't sound all that great -LRB- on the CD , they 've replaced the actors , so the songs sound waaaaay better ! -RRB- . Buy the movie , by the book , by the CD ! I ca n't wait for the live action movie to come out !!! Pleeeaaassse let this come out on DVD soon !
 Peter S. Beagles ` The Last Unicorn ' is the best animated film i have ever seen in my life . I saw it for the first time when i was 2 -LRB- in 84 -RRB- and i have loved it ever since . It was because of this film that i wanted to branch into a singing career at such a young age . I was thrilled to hear that they are working on creating a ` real ' verison of the film with some of the orginal ` actors ' to play the characters in the film . It 's very exciting . I hope that this new film will encourage them to rerelease the animated ` the last unicorn ' onto dvd so that thoes us of who cherish the film can have it for years to come .
 My favorite film since I was a little kid , though when I was that young I did n't quite understand the story yet , there was Unicorns in it and that 's all that mattered to me back then!Now that I am an adult , I love this movie even more ! An incredible , unique story that I will treasure forever . This is my favorite movie of all time . The only film that , no matter how many times I watch it , still sends shivers through my body and brings tears to my eyes ! Very beautifully done animation especially for it 's time , and still superior to much of today 's animation . And the unicorn herself is drawn so beautifully , keeping away from the `` just a horse with a horn '' style and showing that unicorns are wild creatures that are a species all their own . I highly reccomend this film to everyone of all ages - children will love it for the pretty animation , and adults will love it for both the animation and the story !
 In my opinion the lst unicorn far surpassed anything that disney has put out . This movie although i have not seen it for 15 years is one of my most cherished memories of childhood . My sister and i use rent this movie almost weekly . I remember how scary the red bull was and how sad i was at the end . well buy this great film and watch it with your children or watch it yourself .
 This movie never ceasses to amaze me . Sincere , imaginative , and engrossing , The Last Unicorn provides both kids and adults a chance to sit back and become involved in a fantastical story with a great cast of characters . The film stays simple and direct , making it easy for younger people to follow . Yet The Last Unicorn contains adult issues as well . Even teenagers can relate to the main characters ' problems with love , identity , and integrity . And although lacking in high-tech wonders , the film still manages to convey a sense of magic and enchantment . The Last Unicorn is one fantasy movie that everyone should own .
 i never buy full frame DVDs of movies , widescreen is the way to go , and the critics are right , not only is The Last Unicorn DVD full frame but the picture is all dark and muddy , but this is such a dear enchanting film with some of the best voice acting ever found in an animated picture -LRB- i never cry at movies , especially animated ones , but this thing had me bawling at two scenes -LRB- you know which ones they are -RRB- -RRB- that i ca n't NOT recommend buying it .
 I can remember going to see this movie in the theaters when it first came out , I was in 9th grade-LOVED IT !!! I am a diehard unicorn fan-collect them and pretty much watch every movie that has one in it . The movie is very cute and sweet . I would recommend it to kids who are 4 or older-any younger than that they wo n't be able to follow the storyline .
 THIS NEW VERSION OF THE LASTUNICORN IS VERY FANTASTIC ... IT IS COMBO EDITION DVD+BLURAYTHE MENU IS WONDERFUL AND ALSO THE AUDIO RIMASTERED IS SUPERBEI M VERY HAPPY TO BUY IT
 My youngest granddaughter is really into Unicorns and so I got her the movie . She really enjoyed it , as did the other kids . The story and animation are very enchanting for little ones .
 I loved this movie when I was a kid , and used to press ` pause ' on the screen so I could drawn the Unicorn :-RRB- I think it has been re-mastered wonderfully , and I am glad it 's on DVD now . Honestly , it 's a MUST have for your collection ; -RRB-
 I bought this movie for my grandkids - they absolutely love it !
 A lovely story that can be viewed on many levels . There are some scary parts -LRB- for young children -RRB- , but my 5 year-old handled it without problems . There is also a character/creature -LRB- a harpy -RRB- that has exposed breasts , but this is the classical description of the mythical harpy , and it is not done in an exhibitionist way . The nudity is well hidden -LRB- it is obvious the girl is naked , but her long hair covers all privare areas and she is not being sensual in anyway . -RRB- The is also an animated tree that is drawn to suggest large breasts , but they are actually knots in the tree . Parents are the best judge of whether this falls within their viewing guidelines for their own children.This story teaches the concepts of regret and immortality , as well as the negatives of self-centeredness . It also teaches to judge people by who they are on the inside , not their appearance on the outside . One character learns to believe in himself and have a positive attitude . A strong theme through the movie is loyalty.Rankin produces this animated film in the drawing style of other rankin/Bass movies
 This was one of the films that inspired me to learn to read back when I was a kid . I just happened to be thnking about it today , and regretting my inability to watch it again from a more adult perspective , after devouring the book it was so faithful to -LRB- my copy was lost in a basement flood -RRB- . SO I logged on to maybe buy a copy for nostalgia 's sake and to read reviews from a few fellow fans . I was shocked . While there were many like me , a few overly conservative parents -LRB- obviously fooled by the title and cover into buying the film without knowing what it was -RRB- were ranting and giving it terrible reviews just for exposing their kids to a few
 Growing up in the 1st through the 8th grade I watched this movie through a school summer program every year . I have always loved it.This story is a wonderful fable about the search for happiness . An evil king eternally searches for happiness in the Unicorn . The gallant knight searches for happiness in `` The Lady Amalphia . '' The wizard `` Smendrick '' searches for happiness in magic . Molly Grue searches for happiness in legends . But story asks the question of when are people truly happy -- but I wo n't ruin the story . The ending is the best part of the whole story.The movie was a wonderful adaptation of the book , but I say to anyone who likes this movie -- read the book and get the FULL story .
 when you are ordering the movie during your waiting time order the book . It 's wonderful . I watched the movie as a kid love it . Now I 'm reading the book it 's very well writen . The movie also had the athor write it . He ether wrote the whole thing or put cowrote it all . you wo n't regreat having both of them .
 I have been in prison for eleven years and still am currently incarcerated . The only thing that has helped me serve my sentence is my recollection this movie . I replay it over and over again in my head . It gives me a great peace . I think children and adults alike can find something special about this movie . When I get out of jail in July , I will buy a copy right away . I am glad it 's on DVD .
 This has been my favorite movie for as long as I can remember . The story , the animation , everything about this is beautiful . I wish they still made movies like this.This is about a Unicorn who hears rumor that she is the last of her kind . She leaves her forest on a journey to find the others , or to discover what happened to them . On the way she befriends some mortals , Schmedrick the Magician , and Molly Grue , who join her on her quest.This follows the book pretty closely , although this is tad bit happier . The only thing I could have done without was Lady Almalthea and Prince Lirs singing -- could n't they have had someone else do the singing ? It 's ok in a nails-on-the-blackboard kinda way . And it does n't detract from the movie at all.In short , this is a wonderful story for both young and old , or anyone looking for a little magic .
 Ever sinse i watched The Last Unicorn in primary school , i 've been searching EVERYWHERE to find it . There was an option for my class , to either visit a gladiator and get an autograph , or stay and watch this video called the last unicorn . I stayed , and i 've never regretted it . There was only about 8 of us , and as soon as it started we were fasinated by it . I can only vagualy -LSB- ca n't spell -RSB- remember parts , but the rest of the class came in about 20 minutes before the end , and guess what ? We were n't allowed to watch the rest . The bull completely hypnotised me ! I love fantasy and scary things and the bull terrified me ! I can remember a tower with a clock , and a red kind of airy bull along with cages and an eagle , but that 's all .
 The Last Unicorn movie is the best movie ever . THIS MOVIE HAS ADVENTURE , AND DANGER . This movie is the best one you 'll ever see!A must have for unicorn lovers :-RRB- This movie was a christmas present for me from my Daddy , and it was almost impossible to find , and my Mommy got me the book to read , so I COULD READ IT AT SCHOOL . THIS IS A MOVIE YOU 'LL NEVER FORGET .
 this was the # 1 birthday party video when I was little . I loved this movie , even though it sort of scared me at times.the animation is really special and the story is one of a kind .
 Let me start off by saying that this movie is trully magnificent . The first time I watched it I had to watch it again because I loved it so much . I would recommend this movie to people of all ages . Anyone who says that it 's not appropriate for children is wrong and should reconsider lettong their children watching it . So hurry up if you have n't seen and watch as soon as you can .
 A very touching story of a magical creature knowing the insanity of human emotions , including regret . The best adaptation of a novel to book that I have seen .
 I have always loved this movie and the DVD is worth the wait.A little word of warning though , this is a `` Full-screen edition '' not widescreen.Ultimately all I can say , If you like this movie it is worth buying it .
 I first saw this movie on my 12th birthday in a dank theatre in the Bronx with friends . I remember laughing , crying and at times being a little afraid , but I left that theatre with all the wonders of the world in my heart.This movie is great for kids , but not because it 's a kids movie . It tells the truth about life and our world , with a beautiful unicorn , a marginal magician , and a sad peasant woman , each who are a part of every one of us.I still own the movie and have read the book which the movie stuck very close to . I will love this movie until I am dust .
 I have seen this movie countless times since I was a little girl , and it has never ceased to amaze me . I have also read the book , and the movie follows it quite well . The music is spectacular , and sends chills down my spine every time I hear it . It is the story of a unicorn who is in search of the other unicorns , to find out what happened to them . Along the way she encounters both friends and enemies , and disguises herself as human to get past the Red Bull and free the other unicorns . it is an enchanting tale , one both children and adults are sure to fall in love with ! I never get tired of it !
 Those unaccustomed to anime may find the style unfamiliar and odd at first - but trust me , this is a well-crafted piece of art and a wonderful story . I have never seen unicorns as hauntingly beautiful as are represented here . Similar in tone to the Princess Bride , it is a humorous , lovingly told tale of adventure , loss , and a quest for the things most important in life -LRB- whatever that may be for you . -RRB- I * highly * recommend this film - buy it for your `` kids '' if you need an excuse ; - -RRB-
 Just wanted to say that I love this movie . It 's a wonderful show with great music . Unfortunatly , this version of movie has been recorded terribly . The music has been recored louder than the voice track , so half the time you ca n't hear what they are saying . I know it 's this particular copy because I 've bought 3 copies from 3 differant places and they are all the same -LRB- loud music/quiet voice track -RRB- . The earilier copies are better . Just so everyone knows .
 I watched this movie a million times when I was a kid and I cried every time . Now I 'm 20 and am dying to see it again . It 's been maybe 7 or 8 years since I have seen this movie and it still stays fresh in my mind ... Disney could never top this film . . NEVER ! I highly recommend , whether you are a child or an adult . . this is THE cartoon to own ! : -RRB-
 When I first saw `` THE LAST UNICORN '' , at 7 , I loved itand still at 21 I still love it . I 've been trying to find this forthe longest time because I have watched my TV copy so much I 've worn it out ! When I have kids I hope they enjoy it as much as I do . END
 This is a wonderful children 's movie , but there are a few parts that can be a bit scary . Love it !
 I hate unicorns . I hate the color pastel pink . They both feature prominently in this movie , and I I love them here . This is a wonderful allegory for girls who must grow up or for those who already have . It 's romantic , but with a great indictment of show business , man 's road , and those who rule over barren lands ... Every woman ought to enjoy this . Fight the red bull !
 I liked this movie and watch it , but do n't assume it 's appropriate for young children just because it 's animated . The subject of this movie is very dark and there are some scenes which would upset some young ones . I think maybe middle school age would be fine for watching this .
 Love this DVD . Had is on video tape and could not be without it . One of my all time favorites .
 This movie is such a wonderful accomplishment . The music is fantastic -LRB- America from the 70 's . . remember ? -RRB- and the script keeps so true to the original text -LRB- which really pleased me ! -RRB- . The casting is great ... Angela Lansbury does such a fantastic job as Mommy Fortuna . I ca n't imagine you would be disappointed in this movie , not only because it 's great for the whole family , but because it is so true to the book . I dislike when a writers work is changed for the sake of the movie , and although I must admit I am only 3/4 done with the book , so far , so good ! Give this one a try . Great for the entire family . I ca n't imagine that even the Red Bull would be too frightening for most small children .
 Great job by the seller ! Package arrived as described and professionally wrapped . The DVD was in perfect working order with no flaws ! Would definitely order again from this seller !
 Maybe I adore this movie because I blame it for starting my lifelong obsession with horses -LRB- yes I realize our heroine is a unicorn and not a horse , but you catch my drift -RRB- which ironically happened when I was old enough to stick my old VHS version of this movie into the VCR . Anyway , I 'm a big girl now , but the part of the movie where she is so sadly stripped of her unicorn self is still the tear jerking moment for me . I know my review is kinda worthless , but that 's what it is for me .
 An all-star animated film with a wonderful and captivating story for the whole family . Piece of trivia
 This was the first movie I remember watching as a child and both the film and the book remain my all time favorites . I loved the soundtrack , the animation and the characters . I remember naming my first stuffed unicorn `` Amalthea '' after this film.I saw this DVD on sale at the grocery store and snatched it up , eagerly waiting for the day that my daughter would be old enough to enjoy it.It sat in the box for close to a year . While at an endurance ride , it began to rain and my student and I ran home to get this DVD to watch on her mom 's laptop in the camper . All of us visibly cringed when we watched the bad redubbing of the same butterfly scene over and over again as he continued to ramble -- horrible editing ! `` Now THat I 'm A Woman '' should have been left out , or at least grafted more smoothly into existing footage . Several scenes , such as when Amalthea looks at her reflection and unicorn paintings and the scene where she and King Haggard converse on the parapet are ruined by bad dubbing and editing . I 've seen community college broadcasting students do better editing jobs.However , there are a few scenes that are somewhat interesting . One where Schmendrick overhears Lir calling him `` that ridiculous magician '' and the Midgard serpent in the carnival.Story is excellent , characters are truly unique , soundtrack is emotionally charged -LRB- I often cry -RRB- but there needs to be a `` cleaned up '' DVD release . I would also love to hear commentary from Peter Beagle and the cast and crew .
 We had to buy `` The Last Unicorn '' DVD because our VHS tape was worn out through years of use . This movie is one that my wife has always liked and wanted our children to enjoy as well . We watch it together at least twice a year now that the kids are older , but it is still one that either kid might watch on their own more often.The story is great , the animation is OK , and the DVD transfer is barely acceptable . That being said , this is a very worthwhile movie.Recommended !
 I am VERY HAPPY with this purchase . The item shipped within a decent amount of time and was in excellent condition . To top it off , the price was very reasonable !
 I love the movie ; this is one of the best movies ever made imo . I watched it all the time as a kid and even as an adult , I enjoy it . I watch it with my kids and it 's a favorite for our whole family
 The last unicorn is a favorite when i was a kid ... this movie got an great story with superb graphics ... really good animation , really recommend this unicorn ...
 This was one of my favorite movies as a kid and finally being able to find and buy the remastered DVD was so exciting . I was aware of the edit of Molly Grue 's first speech with the unicorn when in the original she said `` Damn You ! '' to the unicorn but in this edition that was cut out . I miss the originality of that but the great story line and amazing voices and music more than make up for it . This movie still shines and sparks something special in my heart . 5 stars !
 I remember this movie as a kid , and I always wanted to buy it but could n't justify the 20-25 dollar price on it in the stores . When I saw Amazon had it for so cheap I jumped on it . The movie is a little more slower then I remember but I still loved it , I the 25th anniversary version and the quality was fine and the movie was not censored . It 's deeper tale and beautiful animation was still captivating and it was a great change of pace from the digital garbage they 're churning out left and right anymore .
 Great quality DVD at a great price & it arrived before the expected due date . The plastic case -LRB- with original artwork -RRB- was in excellent condition altho it could have been cleaner around the opening mechanism . -LRB- A little alcohol & a q-tip took care of the problem -RRB- . I would buy from this seller again .
 It was great finding this movie on Amazon for such a low price . The movie brings back fond memories of childhood - I remember loving it when I was a kid , watching it with my siblings -LRB- and no , it is n't just for little girls even though this 25th Anniversary packaging is very ` girly ' -RRB- . There is a unicorn , the last unicorn , who , on a desperate search for others like her , meets a quirky magician , and the two embark upon an epic adventure to a king 's castle to search for the Red Bull and the whereabouts of the unicorns . The story unfolds with the addition of several notable characters , including Mommy Fortuna -LRB- a crazy witch -RRB- and Molly -LRB- who 's first encounter with the last unicorn is emotionally gripping - even for an animated film -RRB- . The movie is enjoyable of course for the young ones of all ages , but adults will like it too . I was surprised I still like this movie as much as I did when I was a kid.As for the 25th Anniversary dvd , there is a photo collection -LRB- of various renditions of the story , including jacket covers , etc. -RRB- , there is also a lot about the author , and a trivia game for kids . Nothing too noteworthy in terms of special features , but the movie itself is great !
 this movie was perfect and shipped fast i tell every one i know to buy it and it was cheapper then buying it at f.y.e
 I bought this item for my great-granddaughter and she is so happy with it . Now she does n't have to rent it each week . The trans-action went very smoothly . It arrived in a very quick time . I would do business with this person again .
 Last Unicorn is rated G but this is possibly a mistake . I would rate it PG due to -LRB- are you ready for this ?! -RRB- minor cussing , sexual innuendo , and minor nudity . Minor as in little , not age . Possibly the first adult cartoon ever made although tame in comparison to Japanese anime ' . Some violence , occult imagery , and images which may be too disturbing for kids under 5 years old would be how to describe this . Rated G ?! Did they actually watch it to rate it ?! Rated PG . Take it from me . I like the movie but rated G is inaccurate . PG .
 I have seen this movie over 100 times and I really believe it is one of the greatest films of our time . I loved it as a kid and I do n't know that I fully understood it , because now as an adult I appreciate the heart that goes into this film . It is a beautiful love/life story about being true to who you are . I cry almost every time I watch this , it is definetly worth buying .
 The Last Unicron continues to be a beautiful and magical movie . Loved it as child , simply because I loved unicrons . Last week I toke the risk of buying the DVD after reading the other reviews of poor quality . I was not disapointed , keeping in mind that the movie is almost 20 years old and cinamatography then was not what it is today . Anyone who loves the story of The Last Unicorn will not be disappointed .
 It ranks right up there with Legend , Labyrinth , and Sleeping Beauty as all time best movies . It 's scary , beautiful , and breathtaking .
 This movie is one of my all time favorites . I artwork in it is truly amazing ! I have never read the book , so I do n't know how close it is to the book 's story line . However , I have to say that even if this is nothing like the book , it is still unbelievable . I love the detail and the depth they go into the characters . I also love who ever does the voice for the unicorn . My favorite part is the ending , with the end song . It was so beautiful ! I nearly cried . I hope everyone gets a chance to see this movie !
 Absolutely great film . I watched this as a small child and loved it . Through the years I was growing up I lost the title of it but still vividly recalled the scenes . Now as an adult I finally got a chance to see it again and can safely say that it is more satsifying to me than it was as a child . A must see !
 I remember seeing this when I was younger on the TV , liking it , but not thinking of it much . What I remember most was the music and the beautiful art of the animation . Years later , I saw this on Amazon.com , looking around . I remembered it and knew my 4 year old daughter liked `` fantasy '' type things , -LRB- mermaids and faries -RRB- . So I purchased this thinking she 'd like it.Was I ever wrong ... . SHE LOVED IT ! I also found that I knew the voices of the actors -LRB- Jeff Bridges , Mia Farrow , and MANY more -RRB- that I did not appreciate when I was younger . I think I found more enjoyment of the film now that I 'm in my mid 30 's , with my daughter , than when I was younger.A true classic anamated tale with a great story plot , fabulous soundtrack with haunting melodies , historic vocal talents and an all around `` KEEPER '' . My question is . . WHEN CAN I GET IT ON DVD ???!!!???!!! I 'll be first in line ! -LRB- My daughter will be second I 'm sure ! -RRB- ENJOY ! : - -RRB-
 this is one of the best Fantasies of all time . the characters are neat such as Schmendrick the Magician -LRB- a Not too bright moron of a Wizard -RRB- , Unicorn -LRB- a fabulous creature -RRB- , King Haggard -LRB- one ugly son of a you know what -RRB- , Lady Almatheia -LRB- one Hubba Hubba Girl -RRB- , and Molly Grue -LRB- so dirty that she looks like she never took a Bath -RRB- . it 's entertaining , wonderful , and got some good songs to go with this , i would recommend this movie to you if you like 80 's fantasies with Sword in the Stone .
 The last unicorn is a tale about the only unicorn left in the world . She wants to find her kind . But She journeys with two human companions . There might be mild cursing . But this film is a classic . A memory that should be created or explored again .
 This is an awesome movie for young children and for those who are children at heart . It tells a story of the last unicorn , and the journey that she travels and the people she meets . You follow her as she goes through a few changes , and solves the mystery of why she 's the last unicorn . Will she remain to be the last unicorn ? Watch it and find out !
 When I was little , I loved this movie . Everything about it was wonderful , from the animation to the music to the story ... everything.Unfortunately , I grew up . Now my affections rest much more on the book , but I still love this movie , despite its flaws . It 's definitely worth watching again , and especially worth introducing to children who will love it as much as I did .
 i watched this movie as a kid on vhs . the tape actually was around since before i was born and held up even through my younger brother who is 6 years younger than me.but now the tape is long gone , and even if we did still have it , we do n't have a tape player anymore , so therefore i was really excited to see this video out on dvd.The first place I saw the dvd was at blockbuster video , and they wanted 25 for it . i was so excited just to see it , i would have bought it right then and there . however i did not have the cash on me at the time , hehe my luck ... but then i got home and found it on dvd for only 9.44 , talk about luck!now i have it to enjoy for as long as my dvd player lives , and you can bet that when dvds are no more , i will buy the next system and disk or whatever so that i will never have to go again without my favorite movie of all time !
 I purchased this DVD because my own children loved it when they were small . Now they watch it with their children . Some parts are a little frightening for young children , but they all love the unicorn .
 I love this movie . I loved it when I was little , and I still love it . I remember always having my parents rent it for me when we went to the video store , and then taping it off TV for me . You can imagine how devastated I was when some accidently taped over it.I knew when I started collecting DVDs that I simply had to have this movie on DVD , but alas It had not been released . Until now . I got positively giddy when heard it was going to be released on DVD . Waves of nostalgia hit me . I pictured various scenes from the movie and all those childhood senses hit me
 This movie was one of my all time favs when I was a little girl any one who has a little boy or girl it apeases both very well with a unicorn for the little girls and a big red bull and sorcerers for the boys .
 There is hardly anything wrong with this film . The only bad part is the living tree that looks like it was stolen from The Point .
 I 'm only 14 and I saw this movie about 4 years ago and I have seen some parts of it recently and i just adore it !!! Even the parts I have seen recently scare me though ! Personally , i dont know how it got rated G , i think it should be pg-13 or pg !!! i was terrified !! I love movies and I can handle a lot of scary things but this was very scary for a childrens movie ! It 's a beatuful tale of a unicorn -LRB- dont we all wish they existed -RRB- :-RRB- and her journeys to see if she is the last one ! the story behind it all is frightening but definetley worth it !
 This is a fantastic movie and is n't your typical roses-and-love `` cartoon . '' It is a well-thought and wonderful animated film.I actually have a copy of the German DVD that I 've seen several times -LRB- both in English and German -RRB- and I 've fallen in love all over again with this movie . Ca n't wait to see the american DVD of it to see it on something larger than my computer screen .
 I watched this at least a dozen times when I was a kid and I could never get past the beauty and wonder of this movie . I have been waiting 15 years for the DVD .
 I 'm gon na start off by saying `` It 's not for Kids '' ! This movie while really good is kinda scary . It was done by the same animators who did the animated version of THE HOBBIT and THE RETURN OF THE KING . I think a lot of parents during the late 70 's and early 80 's made the mistake of thinking that these films were designed for young children and nothing is farther from the truth . That being said its a haunting film the harpie will scare you but all in all a great film for fantasy lovers . Look at it this way animation was a way to get around the special effects problem .
 I have loved this movie since I was a little girl , and it is still my favorite movie . I would really like to see it come out on DVD before my VHS copy wears out .
 OH MY GOSH ! This is one of the best movies ever ! I used to rent it when I was little , and am so happy to have found it again ! I ca n't say enough about this movie ! Every one will love this movie ! Buy it and watch it over and over again . It never gets old !
 I did n't realise it was so old and have only seen twice but it is definitely a favourite.The mythical creatures such as the harpie and the mythical fairytales such as unicorns visiting maiden virgins is all accurate in the film.It 's a great story of love , sorrow , fear and courage . I reccomend this to anyone who has a love for fantasy .
 Ever since I could remember , The Last Unicorn had lightened up my world into another . I first watched this movie around the age of 5 . I still remember watching it in wonder and thinking how pretty the unicorn is . * Has always been thrilled about them * Now that i 'm an adult , I still what the movie and highly recommend it to anyone who loves fastesies , drama , and romance.Watch it ! I know you 'll love it !
 I 've had this movie ever since I can remember ... although i do n't remeber where I got it!I 've watched it at least 20 and i never can get tired of it!When I first saw it , it scared me -LRB- but that 's probally beacause I was 3 or 4 -RRB- . The witch is creepy , the bulls horrofying -LRB- sp ? -RRB- , the man who wants to get rid of all the ... wait a second ... I 'm gon na probally end up giving away the ending!I better not continue ... anyway , I do n't LIKE this movie ... I LOVE it!It 's great!That 's why i think you should buy it !
 I first watched The Last Unicorn when I was about four or five years old . It was on television around Christmastime and , by some chance , I got my parents to vidio tape it . I remember watching this many times , and it was definetly a favouruite . I remember thinking little of the occasional swearing and mild violence -LRB- although I did get scared when the skull got drunk and started yelling that Amalthia was a Unicorn -RRB- . Now it is five years later and I am currently reading the book for the first time . It and the movie are both equally magical , thanks to the original author -LRB- I forgot his name -RRB- wrote the script.The movie is truely magical and , while clearly not aimed at kids , was perfect for me .
 Since I can remember I have been collecting Unicorns all my life . When this film came out I HAD to go sit in the front row in the movie theatre . -LRB- At 10 years old I did n't care about my neck -RRB- When the movie first came out on Showtime , I had to record it . I wore out that video out so bad that the actual tape inside worn thin , it broke . I have replaced this 2 times already . Now at the age of 30 , I still watch it , and now I can enjoy it even more as my daughter is mezmerized by it too . The Last Unicorn is 5 stars on my list ALWAYS !
 I would like to know if all the `` swear words '' are edited out because I might just stick to the VHS version I have . It 's not because I like swear words it 's just when I know another word should be there I do n't like to hear something else.It 's a great movie . I watched it over and over when I was little , and would like to stay that way . The cover art is more appealing also . It is no longer disproportioned drawings of beautiful ones .
 oh my gosh ! it is the most coolest movie ever . it is so good it should get ELEVEN stars ! ELEVEN ! five stars arent even close to showing how i feel about the last unicorn ! i could rant on and on , but you are getting tired of me , are n't you ?
 THE LAST UNICORN IS ONE OF MY FAVORITE MOVIES , ITS GOT -LSB- PRETTY -RSB- GOOD CASTING , AND I LIKED -LSB- MOST OF -RSB- THE SONGS BUT IN THE SONG `` NOW THAT IM A WOMAN '' MIA FARROW -LSB- THE VOICE OF THE UNICORN -RSB- HIT A COUPLE BAD NOTES , BUT OTHER THEN THAT IT WAS A GREAT MOVIE SO I RECOMMEND IT TO EVERY ONE CHILDREN AND ADULTS ALIKE .
 THIS IS A PRETTY GOOD MOVIE . I CAN TELL THAT IT WAS MADE A WHILE AGO . ANOTHER MASTERPIECE BY ONE OF THE WORLD 'S BEST ANIMATORS . THIS MOVIE IS ACTUALLY GOOD THE ACTORS ARE GOOD ALSO I REALLY DID ENJOY THIS MOVIE IT IS A MUST HAVE FOR KIDS !!!!
 I saw `` The Last Unicorn '' as a child back in the 80 's when it first debuted in theatres.I have seen the VHS version , but NOT the DVD version . I disagree with those arguing for a widescreen version because of the black bars . A better compromise might be to have the studio release BOTH versions on one single DVD.Regarding , the film , it 's a cute movie about a unicorn , who discovers that there 's no one else like her , so she goes on a journey full of surprises and discovers what happened to the rest of her species.The only negative with the movie is the profanity and some of the scenes were disturbing , which I would definitely consider to be inappropriate for children . Hence , the rating needs to be changed to -LRB- R -RRB- and should only be viewed by adults , who are not as disturbed by the profanity and some of the inappropriate scenes.To review , only buy this DVD if you 're 18 and above and do n't mind profanity nor inappropriate scenes in some of the film.Otherwise , it 's an excellent film because the artwork is mesmerizing and beautiful and the theme is definitely magical.I would suggest that the studios re-release this on DVD ; however , edit the profanity and the inappropriate scenes ; thereby , making it more suitable for young children to see .
 I got this DVD at a great price , and it had n't ever even been opened from it 's original shrink wrap ! What a deal !
 I have been looking for this video for my new gradchild . This is a very good animated flim , that children and adults love in my home . My order was very quick in getting to me . I ordered on a Fri. and get it on the next Wed.The flim was in excelint conidecent . I would like to see this flim and other children flims like this put on DVD in the future . I will order from here again . Thank you
 I bought this for my daughter 's 5th birthday . She is going thru a unicorn phase . She absolutely LOVED this movie ! We 've watched it several times . It 's not the same animation as Disney movies . . but that does not take away from it 's charm and wonder for small kids .
 This movie is just so magical ! I just recently developed this LOVE for unicorns . They are just so magical ! I go online and look at pictures and sounds and all of unicorns . Some are just so beautiful I could just cry ! I really love this movie and I hope all the kids can see it .
 The animation is nothing less than beautiful , in a classic and rustic style . This film is practically a work of art . It inspires the imagination of any child and will warm the heart of any parent . The movie is entertainment for children with out having to dumb down the dialouge or add the cheezey and annoying kinds of songs and characters found in many kid focused movies today . The Last Unicorn is truly a rare find in animation , a guarenteed classic , it will weave it 's way into your dreams .
 I saw this film as a little girl -LRB- I was still impressed by VCR 's back then -RRB- and remembered it always . I did n't see it again until years later , when my stepmother rented it for me . Unfortunately , at one point in the film someone says `` hell '' or `` damn '' and she promptly turned it off , so that was that ... If you object to that sort of thing , well then this film is certainly not for you . It 's all about magic and sorcery and fantasy and living life to its fullest . The underlying message being how we choose to subdue nature , or live with it peacefully.Watching it as an adult it still holds the same grip on me , although some slow scenes can make me a little drowsy . Same can not be said for the Little One , however , for she watches it all the way through and then hits rewind to watch it again .
 I have had this movie for quite some time on VHS -LRB- where 's my DVD !! -RRB- but with a cover different from the one shown here on Amazon . I get teary eyed everytime the princess is torn on whether she should stay transformed , and be happy with Lir ... . oh , what a wonderful story . Animated movies like this where you can be part of the story and actually relate to the characters are a wonderful thing . The character are all quite real in their behaviours and are all very in the grey in their decisions . They have lives , not just missions .
 Rankin and Bass Productions have never failed to achieve in the area of Animation . Their incredibly unique style is simply genius . The way the characters are drawn the voices used , everyone will remember the same types of creatures , faces , and voices from the cartoon movies `` The Hobbit '' and `` Return of the King '' . Rankin and Bass also did the cartoon series `` Thundercats '' and `` Silverhawks '' . I only wish they would make more of anything I think their work is amazing , and truly artistic beyond a level readily appreciated completely . If you are a fan of any of the above films or cartoons than this is another Great piece to add to your collection . Even if you have never heard Rankin and Bass you should really really get this movie it is utter Magic . Everything about it will put you more in touch with life on a human level.This is a must buy !
 My four-year-old unicorn freak calls this movie ` not scary'and that is hard to find in children 's videos these days . There is little death in this story and it is not gory or dwelled upon , unlike a whole lot of Disney offerings . The only evils in this story are greed and envy . Truly enjoyable for kids of all ages , with the same animators that did The Hobbit , the pictured jacket cover does not do the film justice in the quality of the art .
 It deeply upsets me as a teenager that modern movies , though entertaining , are meaningless . They are written for the purpose of being either PG13 or R or PG or G and parts are given to stars . The Last Unicorn is n't a `` kid 's movie '' as some unwise adults put it . It is a movie that brings tears to the eyes of those who look for magic and perhaps even brings the unwilling eyes to tears as they realize they 've never looked . To find true meaning I look to anime and movies such as this . They enrich the lives of the viewers and leave you with the feeling that there is more to life than sex and violence .
 I just thought I 'd add my two cents to the other hundred or so 5-star , `` this is one of the best movies I 've ever seen '' reviews that are already here . I 've been watching this movie since I was small , and I catch something new every time I see it . There are many different layers to see through , and if you do n't want to get into the philosophizing , you can just watch it for itself . Agreed , the songs are a bit cheesy , but I secretly know all the lyrics too ... ;-RRB- Does anyone know if there 's a plan to put this on DVD sometime soon ?
 This movie has been one of my favorites since I was a little kid . It may be kind of scary at a few parts for younger kids , but is still a great watch
 I do n't know what the previous reviewers are talking about -- I just received this DVD the other day , and am watching it as I write . The video and audio quality are just fine ! In fact , they are excellent , especially considering the fact that the initial release of this incredible movie was over 20 years ago!I highly recommend this movie to people of all ages . It is a truely touching movie , and has held a special place in my heart since the first time I saw it well over a decade ago -- even now that I am 22 , the story and characters still captivate me . This is one of those movies that I get something different out of each time I watch it . In addition , let me recommend the novel of the same name by Peter S. Beagle . This story , movie and novel both , is something that will stay with you for the rest of your life .
 I just received my copy of `` The Last Unicorn '' from Amazon.de . Wow !! I 've never seen this piece of animation look so sharp . Or in widescreen ! The transfer looks a bit grainy to me , but that in no way detracts from the film . As a matter of fact , it adds to the slightly somber mood of the film . No artifacting , brilliant color and crisp sound all bring this 20-year old feature back to life . Concorde Films has done a wonderful job of bringing this to DVD.I hav n't seen the travesty that is the US version , but I did see the original trailer , which is presented on the German edition . It 's dark , grainy , muddy , full of dirt and color changes . The sound is awful . If the entire US presentation is like that , then shame on Carlton for even thinking of presenting it like that . What 's the matter , were they to cheap to buy the good copy?If you have a DVD player capable of playing region 2 PAL DVDs , get the one from Amazon.de , or Amazon.co.uk -LRB- which has less `` special '' features -RRB- but is supposed to be just as nice in the presentation . It costs more with shipping , but is worth it.I 'll add this to my collection of German imports -LRB- Secret of Nimh , Balto ... -RRB- which are far , far superior to the US releases .
 I 'm so happy that `` The Last Unicorn '' has finally been released on DVD like it deserves . However , I am appalled by the cover art . It 's hideous ! I really hope it does n't turn anyone away from this amazing film . It concerns a unicorn who , believing she is the last , leaves her lilac wood to embark on a quest of discovery . Along the way , she picks up a bumbling magician and a jaded cook , and together they journey to King Haggard 's country . It is here that the unicorn believes all the world 's unicorn have been driven , pushed by the horns of the mysterious Red Bull . This is n't a kiddy film ! It 's much deeper and more mature . Enjoy . : -RRB-
 My mother tells me that when I was little , I used to make her rent this movie every week . I still remember what the old cover looked like . I have to say that I bought a copy a few years ago and I still watch it every once and a while . I know all the songs by heart - I can still repeat my favorite lines - This is an incredible movie for all ages that I think everyone should watch to get a glimpse of that magic of the imagination that we tend to forget exists after we 've grown up!The plot of the movie is based on the book by Peter S. Beagle -LRB- read it if you like fantasy ! -RRB- , but I have to say that I like the movie better . Of course , the author did the screenplay , so that might explain why the movie is so good . It 's about a unicorn searching the world for others of her immortal kind . On her journey , she meets humans who help her on her path , like Schmendrick -LRB- sp ? -RRB- the bumbling magician who transforms her into a human woman to carry out her quest , Molly Grue the cynical outlaw , and Prince Lir who becomes a hero for her sake . But some of those she meets , like Mommy Fortuna the witch and King Haggard with his castle by the sea , will try to stop her from solving the mystery of her lost people . Will she be able to hold onto herself long enough overcome the ominous Red Bull who drove the other unicorns down all the roads long ago?Again , I say that this is one of the movies that defined my childhood , one of the things that convinced me I wanted to be a writer and believe in the magic of imagination . This is a great movie for kids , but there 's plenty there for an adult to appreciate as well . Buy it and watch it !!! It 's worth it .
 I first watched this movie around the age of 5 , and it was n't just once or twice , I watched it so often my mom eventually told me that we had lost the video , it was a very devastating day . For years little things would make it pop into my head so I finally decided to do something about it , I looked everywhere for this movie , I must have spent hours looking through those bins for it . Thanks to the internet my search is over . I can once again discover that little girl feeling that I felt every time I watched it , and I still know all the words to every song , but how could I forget the words to the songs that I sang 24-7 growing up . This is one of those movies that I 'm sure my children will be able to fall in love as hard as I did , but I promise not to `` lose '' it on them .
 Other animation studios started doing what it took Disney until the Lion King to try a hand at . Putting an end to the candy coating of serious issues and emotions . While animators and actors at Disney had the muddy singing child abusers of Pete 's Dragon making a laughing matter of an all too serious issue , other animated studios were giving children and adults the benefit of the doubt and credit to their ability to process and handle issues . They were also giving credit to the ability of animation to be a valid platform to put across serious issues and opinions , and to be a truly beautiful art form not just enjoyeable for children . The Last Unicorn 's style of animation is based on famous tapestries that contain scenes depicting unicorns . The background thus created is beautiful , haunting , and unique . Character design is beautiful in its own right , the characters are no Sleeping Beauties or Prince Charmings but rather imperfect by usual standards of attractiveness and being such memorable and endearing . The characters deal with what it means to be human , regret , dissapointment , and the moral responsibility to do the right thing even if it means giving up something we desire . The heroes have serious faults , the antagonists are human with understandable intentions for their conduct , and yet the moral implication is clear with justice being delivered . I am not meaning to desecrate the sacred name of Disney , for surely I own most of their movies , and completely respect what they have done in their feild . I will , however , say that they were slow to fully realize the capability of their genre and that smaller studios that created films such as The Last Unicorn and lent a little more credit to their audience deserve a little of the credit returned . This movie is certainly a must-see .
 ... because Edgar Allen Poe wrote on both -LRB- badum-ching ! -RRB- . But seriously folks ... Suppose you had a revelation . You wake up one morning to the tautological agenda of what has become your everyday routine . As you whiff the caffeinated brew of your first cup of coffee , it occurs to you that life is not as it should be . In the course of doing what 's expected of us , you find that little time is left for the imagination ; our transcendental self is muted and our creativity suffers . As such , we become averse to trying new things or augmenting our individuality and instead adhere to what is familiar . How do we resolve this predicament ? It is done by relearning what was forgotten ... that sense of adventure we had when we were children . The mature person can not nurture without an active imagination or appreciation for fantasy ; likewise the constant dreamer is lost without a sense of reality . Only in happy unison , a perfect balance if you will , do we fully benefit from each
 I did n't really expect the Remastered `` Last Unicorn '' to be such a different experience , but as many times as I 've seen this film , I still could n't tear my eyes away ! I saw so many details that I 'd never noticed on my 20 + year old VHS . It 's in widescreen . When Lir says `` Come on old man , I 'll write you a reference '' you can see his face ! The butterfly actually has facial expressions and subtle gestures that must have been plainly apparent only on the big screen . You can see the plates of tacos by the free-men 's fire ! And the backgrounds -- those gorgeous , richly detailed backgrounds . Not to mention the rich spectrum of colors , restored to their original brilliance . Oh , people . It 's worth owning.The music is restored to its epic , un-wavering orchestral splendor . It always bothered me , even as a kid , when the soundtrack would falter and make the sweeping score sound silly and embarrassing , anticlimactic . I wondered if someday they could possibly correct it , and now I own a version that does.I have to complain about the speed , though . It 's slightly faster than the version I 'm accustomed to , the voices a little bit higher , and every panning shot looks tinkered with , not quite natural.The editing of `` damn '' is n't nearly as jarring as expected . I 'm still perturbed by the film being tinkered with -LRB- sheerly for the sake of parents -RRB- , and as long-coming as this DVD has been , it 's unlikely an un-edited edition will be seen any time soon.The extras are more than passable , if sparse , especially the short video of Peter S. Beagle giving a bit of insight on the origins and evolutions of his beloved story . The menu seems to be accompanied by new music , which is a pleasant surprise .
 Now , I 'm a new fan of this movie . I just purchased this DVD today and have watched the film and fallen in love with it . Everything from the music , the animation , the story is absolutely spectacular.I have not seen the previous DVD , so I can not comment on its transfer , but from what I have heard , this DVD is light years ahead of the previous one , with a remastered widescreen video and a remastered 5.1 Dolby Digital audio track . The occasional scratch , dirt , and other film issue pops up , but for the most part , this transfer is crisp , clear , and vibrant.However , I am saddened to hear of language being censored . Since I 've never seen the movie until today , I did n't notice it , but it 's still a shame . I know it was done because parents complained , but they could have included two audio tracks - one censored , one uncensored . That way , everyone could choose . Also , people have complained about the 4 % speedup because of the usage of the master used in the German PAL DVD release . Again , I 've not noticed the difference because this is my first viewing.What I KNOW I 'm disappointed with is the lack of bonus materials . This is supposed to be a special 25th Anniversary Edition , so why are we given a lousy single-layer DVD disc -LRB- DVD-5 , 4.7 GB -RRB- with nothing but a short fluffy 8-minute making-of featurette that leaves you craving more , a trailer , and a dumb trivia game ? At least a more extensive making-of documentary would have been nice . Maybe including the soundtrack CD with it as well , since the only way to get it is through a German import CD.For fans of the film , or people who just love fantasy , I ca n't recommend this DVD enough . The film is beautiful to look at and hear , and it 's presented in a beautiful way . Sad thing is , however , the bonuses just are n't good enough to warrant the `` Special Edition '' text that 's on the DVD and slipcover spines .
 Okay , LOVE the film . I must say , that the reviews I read were commenting on the DVD setup of the OTHER DVD version that has been released ... not the 25th anniversary DVD that they are commenting on and you are about to purchase . That being said , the DVD IS widescreen and DOES have extra features and the image is CRYSTAL CLEAR almost taking away from that grainy feel that I love . Though cheezy music runs through the extra features , they are worth listening to and watching if you have interest in the film and the writer.The one thing I HATE , hate , HATE about BOTH DVD versions though -LRB- and this is coming from a Last Unicorn film connoisseur , those of you who are n't in love with the original wo n't even notice -RRB- is that they CUT OUT Molly Gru 's tormented `` Damn You ! '' to the unicorn !!!!! -LRB- This is during the `` How dare you '' scene for those of you who do n't know . -RRB- This ticks me off beyond belief !! That was one of the favorite and most heartbreaking moments of the film ! Peter S. Beagle even mentions the moment in his interview because it is so important to the film ! It 's just not the same . At least in this version they cut it out completely rather than just putting silence over the image in the other DVD so that her mouth is moving but she 's not saying anything . UGH.Anyway , overall this particular DVD that I am reviewing on now -LRB- the 25th anniversary version -RRB- is actually quite well put together . I just wish they would interview Jeff Bridges and Mia Farrow and Alan Arkin NOW -LRB- or at all for that matter -RRB- about the film ... that 'd be cool .
 This Anniversary Edition of `` The Last Unicorn '' is , to a very large extent , just about everything a fan could hope for . The audio and video are crisp and clear , and the colors are magnificently vivid . Also , for the first time in the USA since its theatrical run , `` The Last Unicorn '' can be viewed in widescreen thanks to letterbox technology . The only real problem with this treatment of `` The Last Unicorn '' is a tiny bit of censoring -LRB- the removal of one or two instances of mild language that were in the original release -RRB- . This annoys me on principle but generally goes unnoticed while one watches the film.The story itself is as wonderful as ever , and the Rankin-Bass animation and star-studded cast have lost none of their power . If you are a fan of the book or if you have fallen in love with previous releases of this film you will find this to be a very wise purchase . If , on the other hand , you are new to `` The Last Unicorn , '' then this is a marvelous way to introduce yourself to the classic .
 I like everything about this movie . I like the animation , Rankin-Bassy as it may be , because it has some beautiful images ... the way the Red Bull is made of fire , the way the unicorns move in the sea , the way the gimpy cat with the eyepatch walks . I love the writing , which is lifted straight out of the book , the best of Beagle 's ethereal ramblings on love and death . And I absolutely love the voice acting , including Mia Farrow -LRB- the unicorn/Amalthea -RRB- Alan Arkin -LRB- Schmendrick -RRB- Angela Lansbury -LRB- the hag -RRB- and Christopher Lee -LRB- the King -RRB- . Okay , I admit the duet with Mia Farrow and Jeff Bridges is pretty bad , but the rest of the America music is great.Having said all this , understand why I wish someone would release a special edition of this on the level of the Disney double disc sets . This is just as worthy Snow White or Lion King of a gloriously widescreen , remastered DVD with 5.1 audio . Unfortunately , this is not it . And the makers of this DVD are also cheating Beagle out of his legally awarded royalties , leading one of the greatest fantasy writers of all time to struggle for survival . I ca n't support this disc .
 I first saw this movie when my mother picked it out for me when I could n't decide what Disney movie to rent ! I thank her for that , because this movie is even better than Disney . A story filled with beautiful music , and animation . I loved the twist at the end , none of that srypy `` Happy ending '' stuff b/c `` there are no happy endings , b/c nothing ends . . `` Now when I pull it out , I sit there , tears pouring down my cheeks , like the maiden that sees the Unicorn ... A movie every child must see . .
 I have been searching for this movie for three years . I used to own it , but my copy dissapeared . I was heartbroken . I just recently learned how to use the internet and decided to look it up . Am I ever glad that I did . I am very happy to learn about it 's re-release . It 's about time .
 Even though I 'm 20 , I still love to watch this movie . It may be a bit violent for little kids and the plot may be a bit over their heads , but it was my favorite . Anyone who loves unicorns will love this movie .
 I heard Kenny Loggins version of `` The Last Unicorn '' a few years ago and could n't figure out why it sounded so familiar . THen I remembered the movie I loved when I was younger . I saw it on the Disney channel last year . I love this movie and recommend it to anyone . Great story , great emotional content and ... well ... it 's just great all around .
 I alawys loved unicorns as a young girl . This film only increased my love . When I first watched it I did not understand it completely . But `` now that I 'm a woman , everything has changed . '' And I love it even more
 I first saw this movie when I was a little girl and I still love it today ! The characters in the story touch the soul in a way that is indescribable . The music and animation only enhanced the movie 's magic . I recommend this movie to anyone who has ever believed that fairy tales can come true .
 The Last Unicorn was one of the first movies I can remember watching as a child . I was born in 1980 and my mother taped it off of HBO when the movie made it to cable . To me , the movie was a way of life ; I knew every song , movement , every word . It touched on so many issues that I wanted to know about as a child ; magic , wizards , unicorns , fariy tales , and true love . I reccomend that all parents buy this for their children , especially thier little girls .
 This movie meant so much to me , because I remember it from when I was a child . I am so in love with the way the cartoons were drawn . I also love their responses to the questions and task they are asked . There truly is no other movie like it .
 I first saw this movie when I was a very young child ... I remember watching it on television about once a year , and crying my eyes out with happiness and sorrow at the same time , every time I saw it . We had taped it , but at some point , it got lost in the shuffle . I spent most of my life searching for this movie , and finally found a copy about a year ago . It is the most beautiful creation I have ever seen . Nothing has ever touched my soul this deeply . This is a film that will live on forever in our hearts ...
 This movie is so good ! I have seen a million times and never once have tired of its wonderful message of hope . I will make you cry , and sigh , and wish for a better world . Watch the movie , and read the book !! END
 I first saw this movie when I was 4 years old . I fully understood the movie at the time and even then I knew that there were concepts that were of adult nature , but none that were harmful to a child of 4 . It moved me then and to this day at 22 yrs old I still find myself in tears throughout it . This movie teaches a concept that no matter who you are , you are n't alone . It 's a person 's personality that sets them apart from others . I recommend this movie to anyone who is n't so narrow minded , that they can see past the minor swear words that only show vulgarity and ugliness that some people posess .
 This movie is wonderful . It might go over younger viewers heads in some parts , but it does a decent job sticking to the original story . While the animation is not what some kids might be used to , it will still hold their attention .
 I have seen many a good animated movie in my time , but veryvery few excellent ones . The Last Unicorn is one of them . I do n'tremember when I first saw this movie , but I could probably be safesaying sometime when I was around 3 years of age . Of course at thatage I only watched it for the beautiful -LRB- mythical ? -RRB- unicorn and thefairy tale magic that only a small child can truly understand , buteven then it stood out to me as something very special , not anythinglike a Disney or Don Bluth film . It was less processed , more raw andpersonal , which endeared it all the more to me . I rented itfaithfully every time my parents would go to the video store.Now Iam much older than three , and this movie is still my favorite animatedfilm of all time . Why ? Just as much for all the reasons I watched itwhen I was younger , but it has also evolved much in my sight sincethen . The story gives you a completely different perspective onmythical creatures and how they think and feel . It also gives youinsight into human nature and a little bit of the real world . And , mypersonal favorite part of the movie -LRB- and the book for that matter -RRB- -- the deep quotes that really make you think.But do n't let me giveaway the movie ! Among the more technical aspects of the movie Ienjoyed , I am immensely happy with how close the movie was to thebook , but what do you expect ? Peter S. Beagle wrote the screenplay ! ... I think that the music of The Last Unicorn is enjoyable andmemorable -LRB- and I 'm not saying that just because I can quote the wholemovie ~ . ^ -RRB- . In short -- if you or your children are really intounicorns , fantasy , or just a really good story this movie is for you.And if you 've automatically classified it as only a children 's moviebecause it 's animated , prepare to be surprized . `` There are nohappy endings , because nothing ends . '' -- The Last Unicorn , byPeter S. Beagle END
 The Last Unicorn was my favorite movie as a child , it got me to read the book , which was far more meaningful in a way . I loved this movie , and watched it every day after school , so now my mom hates it , but thats ok . This movie tells the tale of a unicorn , set off to find her kin . She searches far and wide , and there are many events that happen on her way to the castle . I was a little miffed that they left out the story of Leer in the movie , but that is Ok , it makes it better for kids . Anyways , the story is great for anyone who believes in Unicorns , because it proves their point in a not-really , almost-sorta way ... so there ! Just kidding . I love this movie thoug . I still watch it on occassion , even though i dont watch it as much as i did as a kid .
 I was very young when I first saw The Last Unicorn . Over the years I could see images of this movie in my head and had forgotten the name of it . It is the kind of movie that you always remember . I never saw or heard anything about the movie after seeing it and thought that maybe it did not have the same appeal to others as it did to me . But , years later with the internet I have discovered how much people love this movie and how their stories are just like mine ! They saw the movie and remembered it . I guess its one of those movies that has that kind of affect of people . Five stars !
 I love this video ! It has great music , a great storyline , and great characters . It really made me believe that there are such things as unicorns . It 's a very touching film for children and adults alike . If you 're into mystical legends like unicorns , this is the video to buy . It has everything !
 This is one of the first movies I saw as a child , and the one I most vividly remember . Even though I am all grown up now , fragments of this beautiful film -- especially the vision of the lovely Lady Amalthea -- have lived in the back of my mind the whole time . Seeing this film again nearly 17 years later was like being swept back in time . When all the lost unicorns are brought back from the sea on the crest of a wave , and when the Last Unicorn , at the end of her quest , returns to the forest she left , and the credits start to roll , and the music plays , and the scenery turns into that medieval tapestry , I was crying like I was 5 again . My only complaint was the picture on the video box . It looks cheap & corny and really does n't capture the wealth of beauty , fantasy , and imagination that 's locked inside .
 This is my all-time favorite movie . It is very deep and appealing to everyone .
 This had been my favorite movie since I saw it for the first time when I was a little girl , I forgot about it , until I got a job at a video store and rented it again . Now I 'd love to own a copy of my own . This movie is wonderful , If you 've not seen it , I strongly suggest you do , and if you have children be sure to share this fantasy with them . If you share my inthusiasm , please mail me at the address below . imogenna@aol.com Ciao
 It 's been 10 years since I 've seen this movie , but I remember it so vividly . The reflection we see in the Unicorns ' eyes , the Freak Show , the release of the other Unicorns , the PRINCE -LRB-^-^-RRB- , ARGH !!!!! I MISS IT !!!
 My boys never wanted to watch this `` girlie '' movie , until I told them a shortened version for a bedtime story . Then I told them that we had the movie , and they watched it . They were stuck to the TV , they would not move ! I 'm glad that they like it as much as I did , and still do !
 I remember watching this film as a child -LRB- whether is was renting it , owning it , or seeing it on the Disney Channel -RRB- and it 's one of those old classics that has managed to reappear in my movie library . I had the beat up VHS copy last and I 've recently given it the upgrade it deserved -LRB- especially after the VHS mysteriously disapeared when I wasn ; t home ... seriously , that did happen and it sucked ! But back to my review -RRB- and I have to hand it to you ... The picture
 I remember as a young child going to the movie theaters with my family . Seeing this movie brings back so many memories . I remember feeling scared for the Unicorn as well as hoping that everything would turn out good . I am really glad I was able to find this movie on amazon . Great Movie !!!!!
 I 'm a fan of The Last Unicorn , and think it 's a great movie for kids and adults . But I was also one of those that were ripped-off by Lionsgate on the first release of the DVD which IMHO was one of the worse releases onto DVD I ever saw , I seen $ 3.99 DVD 's the looked far better.So since my trust in Lionsgate is ` Zero ' I 'll wait until after release and see what people say . Some may disagree , but Lionsgate is the one to blame .
 This is a movie I kept waiting for it to be released in DVD , a movie from a little of the crew of Ghibli Studios.Full of magic , hope , and human nature.I highly recomend it
 This movie ranks among my all-time favorites . Sure , the animation may not be perfect , and the DVD release could be better , and there are just a couple of thematic elements here and there that I could do without , but nonetheless , this movie is a classic.It 's a wonderful movie about unicorns and love and destiny , and discovering who you are . The music is brilliant , and the actors are superb . If I could be any character in this movie , I 'd like to be the butterfly , or the cat , or the talking skull , or even Mommy Fortuna !
 Like so many people here -LRB- more than I expected -RRB- , this early 1980s film -LRB- regardless of some animation flaws -- I still find its unique art intriguing -RRB- The Last Unicorn is also my all-time favorite movie -LRB- and I 'm a 20 year-old straight male originally from Idaho !! -RRB- . It is poetic , the music composed beautifully , the storyline enthralling and the animation effects more than decent . The Last Unicorn is presented here on DVD but the original VHS version at the time of its initial release and during the 90s is best , as it is the original format the movie was presented in . Beautiful , in every aspect , and recommended for ALL .
 First of all those of you old enough to drive should n't let the awful boxart scare you away . This is a film for the older set as well . This version -LRB- which I own -RRB- has had profanity removed and in only one instance can I say it was needed in the film and should have been left alone . Not only that but they did n't cut out the footage so there 's some really confusing silence for a few seconds . This is a wonderful story that is n't all happy endings and singing furry-woodland creatures . There are only two songs sung by the characters and still those are more montages . Full of memorable characters and lovely artwork I recommend this for people of all ages . Just print out the picture for the original 1982 releases box art and paste it over this one . The chracters are the highlight of this story . And read the book ! It 's even better and full of those little moments that make a story stay with you .
 The Last Unicorn stands out as that rarest of beasts
 Do n't be confused by the negative reviews . Nearly all refer to the earlier full screen , Artisan , DVD which I would call miserable except I do n't want to give miserable a bad name . For some reason Amazon simply transfered the reviews from the vastly inferior Artisan release . This is a new release in wide screen , fully remastered and superior in every way.The sound & colors are all fresh and nearly flawless . Gone are the scratches , dirt specks , faded colors and muddy sound . I find the artwork appealing in it 's simplicity in a day of photo-realistic animated movies and I love the story and music.In a few cases the remastered colors seem a little too intense and sometimes odd but overall it 's an outstanding release of a wonderful film.Whatever you do , do n't buy the Artisan full-screen version .
 If you have not seen this movie yet , and are a fantasy fanatic , then you had better see it soon . It is the perfect blend of mystery , fantasy , intrigue , and romance . Like a really good cup of coffee , if you ask me . Up until I saw it was re-released when I last visited this site , I thought i would never see it again . Now I ca n't wait to buy it !! As I said before if you have n't seen it , see it !!!
 I own this movie and let me tell you , it is the most beautiful thing I have ever seen ! Once long ago I lost a friend and I watched this movie every night for 2 weeks . This movie helped me through the hardships of my life . It made me focus on happiness instead of sorrow . I truley recomend this movie for people in pain .
 I remember seeing this movie for the first time . Mom took my brother and I out to see it right after it was released ... on the night of the worst storm I ever remember . Parking lots were flooded out , and we were the only people in the theater . Which was good , because when a movie hits you like this one did , you need a little space to enjoy it . I was rocked by terror , glee , love , and every other emotion a 6 year old heart could muster . I managed to snag a really rotten copy of this from network TV 8 years ago , and I 've seen it so many times since then that the tape is wearing out . If you have even a shred of love for your childhood , then this is a movie for you !
 I REALLY want to watch this movie amain . I would give anything . But in my town it is not at the video-stores or at any stores I have been to . I liked the unicorn the best . The red bull was scary and so was the harpy . The prince was handsome . It was so touching and the animation and the music was beautiful . I have n't seen it since I was 8 and I would LOVE to see it again . I would strongly recommend buying this movie . It is one you will want to see over and over again . P.S. I think this movie should get an award .
 A haunting tale of innocence , regret and greed . Great animation . It left me with similar feelings of awe , wonder , sadness and loss that The Neverending Story did -LRB- this movie is n't anything like TNS though -RRB- . I have always wondered why more people do n't know about it . An antidote to cutesy nonsense kids ' movies .
 This is one of those movies I remember watching and renting as a kid . For a while it seemed relatively hard to find . But with internet sale in the last several years theres no so such thing anymore . I would like to see it out in DVD .
 This is one of my favorite movies ! Even though the animation is not as modern as some , I think it is one of the best movies ever . My sister and I have loved it for years . We still watch it !
 From the time I first watched this movie , about age 5 or so , and up until now I have watched this movie at least once every year . I have never been so affected or inspired by a film . The songs and animation are unique , beautiful and moving . But the story and impression it made on me was very deep and almost spiritual . As `` mature '' as I am now I still cry my eyes out when I watch it . It is not a movie that many people have seen and so far I have only met two people who saw it at some time in their life and remembered it for all its beauty . I know it may sound crazy , but when I meet those who have seen it I have a greater inclination to get to know them and I think they understand a secret I behold deep in my heart and soul . I dare not say it here ... but I long for the day I meet someone who shares this treasured knowledge . Watch this movie for any reason - you may gain something .
 This is a truly gorgeous movie , and finally available in the format it deserves . I have the remastered German DVD from which this one was copied ; if they do as good a job in the American version as in the European , then it will be a masterpiece and a marvelous demonstrator for any expensive home theater.However , until Granada relents and agrees to pay Peter S. Beagle the royalties owed to him for this film , you should purchase it directly from Beagle 's publisher , Conlan Press , so that he gets a cut of the proceeds .
 I really enojoy this movie . I watched it all the time when I was younger , and it always made me cry , and still does . Even though I watched it as a kid , it does n't geared towards children to me for some reason . Mainly b/c it 's somewhat dark and I did n't really understand it as a child , but I still liked it . I definitely appreciate it more now , and it still makes me sad . Almost like a drama more than a cartoon I would say . I also really like the animation . I 've never seen another cartoon like this one . It seems almost like a gothic style cartoon . I ca n't really describe it , but I like it ! I would reccomend this to anyone .
 People take note
 When I was a kid , I used to select this movie at the video store over and over every time my aunt took me to pick a rental . So of course I had to buy it as an adult . I think the appeal as a kid was simply because it was about unicorns , which I loved and collected -LRB- and still do -RRB- . Now ? I 'm not sure . The movie is confusing , complicated , and not exactly a kid 's story . I picked up the book recently , hoping it would add insight to the film , as films are always condensed , and it did . I have to say this is one instance I like the movie better . The unicorn - usually portrayed as such amazing creatures , was such a snob in the book , frankly . She was untouchable . She was perfect and had no compassion . It was n't because she was mean . It was simply bacause she was SO perfect , nothing mattered . Or something like that . In the movie , the unicorn , while still coming across as infallible , was also kind.I originally owned the other DVD edition of this movie and had to replace it because this was the `` 25th Anniversary Edition '' and I thought it would be special . As years passed in between viewings , I am uncertain , but ... was this edited ? I could have sworn when Molly Grue met the unicorn , she yelled `` Damn you ! Damn you ! '' several times . Not `` How dare you ! '' While that 's a pretty mean way to greet a beautiful unicorn for the first time , I really do n't like my movies edited . Besides , damn is pretty much the most mild swear word there is . Anyway , the harpie still had her boobs , and that was one ugly bird !
 I actually have not seen this DVD release , and so ca n't comment to the quality . The film itself , though , is really quite good and has been one of my favorites since I first saw it at the age of 4 . The themes are profound and universal , and are realized in a subtle and graceful manner . I actually think the film may surpass the book in expressiveness , which is a rare thing . There are many gems here , but , for me , it is the story 's villains that are most expressive . Haggard is a poignant and near perfect symbol of all that is bitter and blind . In the delusion that is jadedness , he believes he can hold prisoner the one spark of beauty he is able to perceive , and he can not understand that in doing so he is destroying it . Good stuff .
 Loved this movie as a little boy . Was always a little strange to me , but with a great original story , and music , its a good one to have . Doesnt look as good on blu-ray though . However , a 30 year old animated movie cant get to crispy picture-wise , if u think about it . Comes with the blu-ray AND dvd . Pick it up
 I have loved this movie since a very young child when I would watch our VHS tape of it that we taped off of TV . Once that tape finally gave out I looked to amazon to get it on DVD so I would always have it . I 'm 19 now and I watch this movie still about a couple times a month . I do n't know what it is , but it just had this power over that just makes me so freakin ' happy ! I love everything about it.Now , about this particular version
 I gave this to the sister for christmas and she loved it . Perfect condition and excellent ! I would recommend it to everyone .
 This beautiful movie was released when my daughter was young . I am thrilled that it is available for my granddaughter .
 This movie Works great , it Arrived very quickly and and in perfect condition . It made a wonderful present and im happy to have it .
 There 's a lot of depth to the story and dialogue that you would n't expect from a movie about a unicorn . Very touching and thought provoking .
 My daughter loves this movie . We saved the blue ray for when she gets older and nows how to take care of the disc . She is 3 and watches this over and over .
 The Last Unicorn is a timeless treasure that can be enjoyed by children and adults of all ages . Surprisingly , the all-star cast does n't compromise the storyline and artistry of the film . TLU has it all
 I have always loved `` The Last Unicorn '' since I was a kid . When it finally came out in a Blu-ray/DVD combo pack - I was ecstatic ! The quality is amazing and brings the movie I love so much to a whole new life of color and sound . Also , in re-watching I realized that I still love this movie and it is a decent enough adaptation of Peter S. Beagle 's Book of the same name , which is one of my favorite books ! I recommend this item to anyone who has a childlike curiosity - likes magic , animation , and especially JEFF BRIDGES !
 Excellent movie from my childhood . Just as good as I remember it . So happy to be able to buy it again as an adult to share with my neices and nephews . Came to me in perfect condition , arrived before it was scheduled to . Would definitely order from this seller again !
 I loved it ! I felt like a kid again . This is what we need in these times , a little bit of innocence and hope . No matter how old we are , we can still be children again . I enjoyed watching it with my nieces and nephews .
 This story is one of my all time favorites . The movie is great , but the book is magical . I just love it !!!!
 The Last Unicorn is my favorite movie of all time . I have loved it since I first watched this when I was a little boy , and I love it just as much now as I ever did it is a good movie for all but The DVD says it has special features , but I ca n't find them !
 As anyone who as seen this as a child this is a must have , no features but you get the movie and you get to relive your childhood . Including the cheesy 80s music
 This is another good family movie that can be loved by young and old a like . It is a well made movie and I would recommend to any one .
 Great movie for kids or those who remember this movie from their childhood
 At long Last consumers and fans will be able to see The Last Unicorn in a better transfer and in widescreen . All of the specs have not been confirmed at this time but it will have a DD 5.1 mix in Widescreen should have a doc . / trailer / NO commentary track according to some sources . But it has much better cover art that is for sure . Fans should all be very pleased with the fact LionsGate found it worthy to give fans a little somethign extra .
 I used to rent this movie all the time when I was little . My mother used to complain that I should just buy the movie , but I never could find it . Anyway . As far as I can remember , the music was the thing I loved about , because I can still remember the tunes to them . Honestly , this is the most magical movie of my childhood , and I highly reccomend it to anyone who loves unicorns or good stories .
 This movie was one of the greatest of influences to me growing up . It gave me a true sense of wonder and sparked my imagination to create amazing things . In High School I found the book at the library - it was equally spellbinding . At 22 this film is still my all time favorite . It lets me believe that magic is real and knights are left as children on doorsteps . Watch it . Fall in love with Lady Amalphia and the Last Unicorn .
 This was my GF 's favorite movie when she was little so i bought it for her on DVD . She loved it but I think the only way I could watch is it if I had mass doses of psyco drugsoverall though , its cool . 'cause your the last unicorrnnnnnnn , ahhhhhhhhhhh yaaaaaaaaaaaaaa '
 My Father and me went to the movies to see The Last Unicorn with A croward of children at the Pardise Thearte talking and laughing in 1982 ! My father discrubed the carttoon as witch craft and sorcery when watchingthe carttoon ! The earliest story of Harry Potter which My father had discrubed the Last unicorn ! My Father had said while watching the movie that kids like magic and scorcery in the thearte ! So My father had reccomand this carttoon for kids and kids at heart !
 I 've been waiting for this DVD release for a LONG time . I had videotaped the movie way back in 1985 from one of the pay moviechannels and had watched it multiple times , but was disapointed that it had been edited for time . I wanted to buy The Last Unicorn on DVD , but it received poor reviews on Amazon , so I waited for a letterbox version . I waited and waited and waited . And finally my wait is over ! I felt like bursting into tears just like Molly had when she saw the unicorn ... because , like many of the fans of the movie , I knew I was viewing the most unusually beautiful , poignant , and truthful animation ever created . It was how I felt at the age of nine , and has n't changed all these years later.The color is beautiful and crisp and the audio is crystal clear . The little background noises that I had n't heard in earlier releases come through and both score and songs sound as if they were recently recorded . The volume is also loud enough , as with DVDs the volume can be low . Care has been taken to provide both excellent audio and video and that wo n't disappoint die hard fans.What WILL disappoint ... and what might be unforgivable to some ... is the editing of `` damn '' . It appears three times ... if my memory serves me right . The first time it is spoken by Ruk -LRB- `` I do n't care how many damn spells you put on her ! Get rid of that harpy ! -RRB- Well , on my second viewing last night , lo and behold , I realized it got left in ! Maybe the bad guys can say damn . But the good guys obviously ca n't . They 're removed it from both Molly 's speech and Lir 's exclamation as he asending the steps to meet Amalthea . They very neatly edited it out . You wo n't notice it if you have n't memorized the script , but for those who have -LRB- like me -RRB- it ruins one of the most moving speeches in the movie . What does this movie have a G rating anyway ? Busty trees , naked ladies and crazed , nipply harpies ... slap a PG on `` The Late Unicorn '' and give my `` Damn ! '' , damnnit!I 'm also disappointed that they used Mia Farrow 's singing for `` Now that I 'm a Woman '' when the german soundtrack has a different woman sing the song . I thought they would remove Mia 's singing and use the better version.It 's a shame that after all this work that went into this release , they changed the one thing that did matter to fans and did n't change the other thing that obviously needed to be changed.I 'm not sorry I bought it , however . It 's a major improvment on the old DVD .
 The enchanting story of a lone unicorn searching for the meaning of her existence , and any others of her kind , but comes to find out that the others are being kept prisoner in the waves of the ocean by a tyrant who lives in a black castle on a cliff 's edge overlooking the raging ocean that is their keep , enforced by an enormous demonic red bull , forcing them back into the waves upon any attempt at escape.An amusing singing butterfly circles around her in the beginning , singing many fanciful songs but providing clues here and there for her journey.Unicorn
 In very good condition after `` flying '' from another side of the world to Asia - Singpore . Good job ! Thanks !
 this tale is filled with magic , but can give the idea that it really happened . one of the best books i have ever read and it is for all ages
 I really loved this movie when I was younger . I would 've given it five stars , but took one off because of a few things I do n't like that much , especially when the unicorn turns into a human . Yes , she turns back and saves the others , but still , she was different after changing back , plus , can you imagine what it would be like to be in her place after she 's become a human , and realizes it?One thing above I 'm curious about
 I have watched this movie at least a hundred times . It is delightfully romantic and entertaining ; the characters inspire empathy in all its viewers . Fabulous movie .
 a exciting , moving , sad , yet hilarious animated Movie experience that your Kids would love . this Movie with The Dark Crystal , Howard the Duck , Labyrinth , Transformers
 The last unicorn video was fantastic , it 's about this unicorn that gets captured , needs to leave her animal friends , and she even gets turned into a human . I think there is more than one movie about the last unicorn , but I am talking about a boy that is a wizard -LRB- not a very good one -RRB- , a circus that has lozy animals and a very mean person that image of the animals look like the animals are powerful . If you are a person that enjoys movies about fantasy then READ THIS BOOK !
 I used to watch this movie over and over again when I was a kid . After almost 10 years , I saw it again , and still loved it . The story is touching , moving , and beautiful-truly a family classic .
 I grew up on this movie ... the animation was great for its time and still shows through with effort . Thactors were so great are the voices . The whole story line is a deep part of my exhistance now . My favorite scene is when the molly first sees the unicorn - its so emotional and full of truth . You 'll cry every time you watch it .
 I saw this movie with my little sister . I was about 12 or 13 , and she was around 6 or 7 . I fell in love with this movie , as did she . We watched this movie so many times till we could say the dialogue as the movie played . I wanted to buy this video for my little girl because I wanted to share with her the beauty , humor , and even the sadness of this film . Alot of people feel that the animation is rough but I feel it just adds to the quality of the film . Not all cartoons have to be so perfect . I think it adds a little something extra . Everything in life is not so picture perfect . This film has meant so much to me and my sister , I can only hope that my daughter will see it for the gem it is .
 Do n't you love the butterfly at the beginning . This is the best movie I 've ever seen . As a child I loved it & now as a grown up even more . I encouraged my boyfriend to watch it , but he thought I was crazy until he read all the wonderful reviews . This movie stays near and dear to your heart . For all those who belive in magic , fantasy , love and adventure , get this movie . Parents & kids both will enjoy .
 I used to watch this video all the time when I was about 7 or 8 years old . My Mom and I would go to the video store and I would almost always choose this movie . Now , I am a senior in High School and have been wondering whatever became of one of my favorite videos . I am so happy that it is back in circulation and will hopefully get my copy soon .
 I LOVE this movie ! My parent 's taped it for me when I was little , but they ended up taping over it again . I 'm so glad that it 's out for video . Now I can buy it myself ! I have always been interested in fairytale-like movies.Now I add yet another to my HUGE collection !
 CAST -LRB- Voices of -RRB-
 I always love reading the adult reviews of cartoons , especially if they never saw the cartoon as a child . Every child 's movie has plot holes . Get over it . I saw this movie when I was very young and watched it a lot . I did n't like every character in the movie , including the prince . I watched it because of the unicorn . That is the point right ? I mean it is about unicorns.I also love the people crying out over the two instances of ` damn ' and the supposed adult situations . Do you let your children outside ? Swear words are everyhere . You ca n't walk down the street anymore without hearing a string of them . Do n't isolate your children , teach them that swear words make you look uneducated . Disney has adult situations in almost all of it 's movies . In fact it is getting worse , such as the one liners that I hope go over childrens ' heads . You all really need to watch the modren cartoons . There are adult themes , sex , and other subtle things around every corner . I also like the people proclaiming Disney over this movie . Disney makes people perfect , makes them all look the same and acceptable and in the end creates unbelievable happy endings . I would take a talking butterfly over the endless musical hack numbers that are jammed into any Disney film . Do n't subject your children to such things . They really are more intelligent then that.The bottom line is that this movie at least has a theme that is n't sugar coated . It is approriate for children but I would watch it with children under the age of ten just because of a couple of scenes that might scare them , such as the harpie . Children 's movies are silly and have plot holes and have reality issues but they are written for children - not for adults . There is a lot of good material in this movie - at the least it teaches courage . The last unicorn in the end faces her fears and wins . The plot is original and has n't been done to death . I 've never seen another movie like it and hope that no one tries to remake it . It 's definitely worth at least a rental from the movie store.I have it on VHS and seeing all the comments about the DVD I would rent it from the video store or try to find it second hand . The VHS video quality is actually quite good and is not grainy at all .
 I have n't seen this movie in over 15 years . It is the first movie I ever remember watching , and I remember crying throughout it , which is an unusual response to a movie for a child . I was in preschool at the time , I could not have been more than 4 or 5 years old , but I still remember the basic plot . For several years now , I have been trying to find a copy of this movie , or find someone else who remembers it , because I want to see it again . Unfortunately , the video I watched was Beta , which is completely obsolete now , so I do n't know where to find a VHS of it . I might buy one , because this movie strikes a very special chord with me . Maybe if I get my hands on a copy of it and start watching , I will be taken back to the weekday afternoon in 1986 when I went to my friend Katie 's house and we watched this movie . I 'm not expecting timetravel , but the fact that so many years later I can still remember the main theme song really speaks to the power of this movie and the effect it has on children , and sensitive individuals at any age .
 I 've loved this movie since I was a kid . Only now do I truly understand the film . I love the songs . When I was six or seven after a viewing of the movie I would be singing , `` The Last Unicorn '' -LRB- or `` I 'm Alive '' -RRB- for days on end . It drove my big brothers up the wall . I have just recently rediscovered the magic of the film . I have n't watched it in about eight years . So , not since I was eight . I love the movie and the songs . I never realized how much I missed my childhood until I watched this movie again . It really made me remember what it was like when I could go into my backyard and pretend that I was in the Unicorn 's ` Lilac Wood ' .
 The Last UNicorn has been one of my favorite movies since i was six years old . This is the most enchanting , beautiful , moving movie i have ever seen and i highly recommend it to ANYONE AND EVERYONE , children and adults alike . the soundtrack is beautiful and amazing , the vocal talents are perfect , the animation is beautiful and the storyline is unforgettable . please take some time to watch this brilliant movie , as it never received the acknowledgement it deserves . Never have i seen a movie as enchanting and beautiful as this one and i hope it will be appreciated for generations to come .
 Ever since I first saw this movie when I was three , back in 1991 , I have loved it to death . A story about a Unicorn searching for others like her , and the people she encounters along the way , The Last Unicorn has captured the hearts of thousands in the form of both the book by Peter S. Beagle , and the animated movie . The movie 's sound track is great , compiled of songs that show emotion and are fun to sing along to . I recommend this story for all ages and especially to those entranced by mythical animals and fantasy novels .
 The Last Unicorn is one of those movies that you could , and will , never forget . I 've watched it countless times -LRB- where I now need to buy another one due to wear -RRB- , and each time I rediscover its charm . It is a masterpiece , whether it be of animated features , or movies.Made in a joint between the US and Japan -LRB- Studio Ghibli -RRB- , its animation is anything but par . Ghibli has always done great work , with Miyazaki-san , and The Last Unicorn is no exception . There is so much beauty to be held , almost making it too heavy to carry . The eye is stunned by each character and background ; all of it drawn with heart . And with outstanding animation , comes a story unlike any other . A tale of love and determination , with heart-warming and funny characters . And villains that will leave you wondering how someone could be so cold . The story of the last unicorn is not to be forgotten ; never . Even the music holds so much emotion , it could not be forgotten . The songs and BGMs are of the highest quality for an animated feature , and the opening ` The Last Unicorn , ' sung by Kenny Loggins , is among my all-time favorite songs . Overall , The Last Unicorn is above-average fantasy , with quality animation , an epic story , and outstanding music -LRB- and hey , the performances are n't too bad either ^ ^ -RRB- that everyone is sure to like .
 I first saw the last unicorn when I was probably four or five years old . After that , we rented it every weekend until we finally taped it off of the television ! Until I go to college , I thought I was the only person to have seen it , until I found out my roommate and another friend of mine loved it when they were children as well ! It 's a completely wonderful movie for children . For anyone who loves fantasy , myths , romance , and magic , The Last Unicorn is definately the movie to see . And , though the music is a little corny , it 's not really all that bad -LRB- though you will crack up several times listening to it ! -RRB- .
 I saw this move once when I was very young , and for the longest time I could n't find anyone else who had seen it . I almost was n't sure I really had seen a movie called `` The Last Unicorn . '' Then , joy of joys , several years later I happened upon the tape , and watched it again . It was twice as good as I 'd remembered . This is the type of movie you ca n't get out of your head . It 's just absolutely stunning . The only reason I ca n't give it the 5 stars is because no movie could ever equal Peter s. Beagle 's heart-breakingly beautiful , yet hilarious book . Nothing could come closer than this .
 I absolutely loved this movie as a child and must have watched it over a thousand times . I could hardly believe that I would ever find it again . This movie is so true to the book , which is very rare nowadays . It sparked my interest in fantasy and has to me been a classic for all times . It 's touching love story , element of fantasy , and endearing characters have stuck with me throughout my life.I would recommend it for anyone of any age !
 I remember seeing this movie as a little girl and enjoying it oh so much . I had thought that the tape had gotten eaten by our VCR and was very disspointed , but later learned that it had The Hobbit recorded over it . I immediately thought to buy it again but could find this wonderful movie NO WHERE . Amazon.com is helping me buy it again ! This movie really deserves the five star average its getting , unlike many others . I have loved this movie for so long and was very sad when I thought that it was maybe not sold anymore . I believe that this movie is not just for kids . But I do agree with one of the critics . Where is the other cover ? The one with the black bull on it ? But , I do reccomend this movie to everyone that has a taste for fantasy at its best .
 I saw this movie first when I was five or six . I am now twenty and still love it . Being an artist , I have rendered paintings and Prismacolors based upon it , being enchanted with the beauty and style so different from Disney 's caricatures . But I do n't sell them in honor of the original animators . A lot of people feel cartoons are for kids , being stuck in the Americanized `` Disney '' theme . TLU passes through time , much like the title character , and will live always in my heart . And again , I can not stress this enough , just because it is animated does not mean it 's for children ... look at anime .
 This movie was the best thing that came out of my very powerful unicorn obsession that I had as a kid . I like to sometimes review movies and shows I used to love when I was little , and laugh at how corny they were and wonder how I could have possibly liked it when I was that young . However , this is n't the case with The Last Unicorn , at all . I watched it for the first time last night in over elven years , and I was shocked at how it had such a powerful effect on me . It 's a such a haunting story and I personally found a lot of symbolism in it . The love story is awesome , -LRB- the singing , not so much -RRB- and the characters are flawed , easy to like people . Most of all , I think the music peformed by America , -LRB- who is definitely not of my generation -RRB- is exceptional and adds so much to the movie . There are some parts that could be considered questionable for small children , but hey I watched this movie all throughout my childhood , and I can assure you , I turned out just fine . Overall , this a very powerful , beautiful movie , and if you watch it once it will probably haunt you for the rest of your life . -LRB- in a good way ! -RRB-
 I remember watching this movie as a little girl over and over until our Beta VCR wore out . It stuck with me for many years , until I ran across it again in my late teens while babysitting . When I watched it again , I found that it captivated my interest just as it had when I was a child . It is one of the most beautiful and poignant stories out there . The Japanese Anime style animation is stunning , and the vocal talent is top-notch . It holds true to the novel from which it was adapted , which I also recommend highly.It has a lot of plot points and jokes that are a bit over kids heads , and a bit of language some parents may find innapropriate , so you may want to view it before your kids do if you get it for them .
 If you 're looking for a great video for the kids to watch , this should make the list . Although some scenes might plod along too slowly for very young viewers , it is still a charming story for young and old alike . The voice cast is first rate , with a particular tip of the hat to Sir Christopher Lee , who should seriously consider more voice over work.The downside in the cast is Jeff Bridges , who seems to want to be somewhere else , other than doing his role . On top of that , he sings . We 're talking Clint Eastwood-Paint Your Wagon-I Talk To The Trees BAD ! In the old days , if a prominent actor , or actress could n't perform part of their role , someone else was called in , such as a stuntperson , body double , or singer . Audrey Hepburn and Natalie Wood had voice subs . Why , oh WHY , could n't they do the same here?The animation is not too shabby for Rankin-Bass . In fact , the art design is quite stylish at times . The musical score is well done , yet tends to be a bit loud . Film length is reasonable for young tykes , with a good mix of humor and minimal violence . I would recommend this movie to all parents .
 I first saw this film when i was 5 years old , and now at the age of 24 i 'm still haunted by it 's beautiful images . It has a very dark undercurrent and an underlying reference to the destructive nature of humanity . Hardly ANYONE has seen or heard of it , and that really should change . I feel lucky that I have seen this film , and I would consider it one of my most precious possessions . GORGEOUS ...
 I first watched The Last Unicorn when I was about 5 years old . When I turned 15 , I still remembered this movie without watching it for many years . Afterwards I started my own collection of The Last Unicorn . It touched my heart as a child and now at age 17 , it is still my favourite movie . It 's that kind of movie that leave good morals and values in all it 's viewers . I highly recommend this movie to anyone , children and adults.The Last Unicorn is about a courageous unicorn that goes on a journey to find her lost brothers and sisters . She meets many memorable characters , such as Shmendrick the magician , Molly Grue , Prince Lir to name a few . It is a classic !! As mentioned in other views , there are a FEW words such as damn used in this movie . I personally do not find these words offensive , but just to let you know , in case you do . I did n't ever realize that they were even there , they are that unnoticable.I highly suggest that everone at least view this movie once , although hopefully many more times . Enjoy !!!
 First of all , what 's up with this retarded `` rainbow bright '' cover case !? Why mess with perfection , the `` Red Bull '' cover case emphisized the dark nature of the movie , all this bubbly bright B.S. does is injustice to the movie . Stupid American publishers , they always seem to screw up stuff ! Anyway , the anime art is awsome , Raskin and Bass art work is true magic , they give so much character and mood to the individuals that is rarely accomplished by others . And the music is just as good . Hell , I have been looking for the soundtrack for year and just finally found it . The songs by `` America '' are terrific . Especially `` Mans road '' . So all the crap that has been said about the art work and music do n't listen to it . They are the two things that drew me to the movie and keep me comming back for more .
 I remember this movie from a LONG time ago . I 'm not a big fan of non western animation , but this is probably one of the best movies I 've ever seen . The characters are great , the music is great ... and it 's a little more serious or grown up than most animated films of it 's age.Sadly ... the DVD that 's been put out is a horrible animal . There was no remastering what so ever . My VHS plays at about the same quality as the DVD . Wait for a Special Edition .
 The Last Unicorn is a fairy tale in the best sense of the term -- an exploration of archetypes of human existence . Featuring the voices of such talents as Angela Landsbury and Mia Farro , this film takes you on a journey `` to find others like me . '' It is a tale of innocence lost and found , of the metaphysical realities of truth and self . Deep and rich , it reveals more -- and raised more questions -- with each viewing . Children will love the amusing characters . Adults will love the underlying story , and dialogue that leaves you laughing because it captures a truth you 'd perhaps never thought of . `` No cat out of its first fur was ever decieved by appearances , unlike human beings , who seem to enjoy it . '' The songs , flawlessly provided by America , underscore and deepen the threads of immortality , pain , and redemption . This is one movie for everyone . END
 This is a magical movie . The basic plot is that the last unicorn must rescue the other unicorns from the red bull . It 's very similar to the more-detailed book.The characters are varied and rich and far from being stereotypical and one-dimensional . We even sympathize a little with the villains as we understand why they do what they do.I really enjoyed the songs , which were performed by America.The movie is generally clean , although some of the frightening scenes may be too intense for young children . The violence is without gore and usually happens away from view . There is a small part with a nude woman , but her long hair covers the essentials . I ca n't tell you why she 's clotheless without giving away some of the plot , but that small part is tastefully done.The film could have used a little restoration . Oh well .
 4.5 * I love Peter S. Beagle 's works , especially `` The Last Unicorn '' , `` Tamsin '' , and `` A Fine and Private Place '' . I watched this a long time ago , and remember loving the story , and today I was finally able to share it with my 5-year-old daughter . In the screen adaptation -LRB- the screenplay was also written by Peter S. Beagle -RRB- , Mia Farrow plays the Last Unicorn who inadvertently learns that she is the last of her kind . Curious to discover the fate that has befallen the rest of the unicorns , the last unicorn learns from a Butterfly -LRB- Robert Klein -RRB- that an entity known as the Red Bull has herded the unicorns to the ends of the earth . Unfortunately , she finds herself captured by the witch Mommy Fortuna -LRB- Angela Lansbury -RRB- as part of the witch 's Midnight Carnival . The unicorn is able to escape with the help of a novice magician Schmendrick -LRB- Alan Arkin -RRB- and proceeds to the seaside castle of King Haggard -LRB- Christopher Lee -RRB- and meets the dreaded Red Bull , a fire elemental , but is once again saved by Schmendrick when she is transformed by his magic into a mortal woman , Lady Amalthea . Here is where Amalthea 's / the last unicorn 's quest gets really interesting and complicated , for it is at the castle of King Haggard that Amalthea meets and eventually falls in love with Haggard 's adopted son , Prince Lir -LRB- Jeff Bridges -RRB- . The rest of this magical story explores what happens to Amalthea and Lir , will their mortal love survive the revelation of Amalthea 's true identity , and will Amalthea fulfill her real quest to find the rest of the unicorns , and defeat the evil Red Bull ? The story itself is magical , but what makes it compelling are the various themes explored , regarding friendship , self-discovery , faith , courage , love , and mortality . The anime -LRB- Japanese animation -RRB- is beautiful , and I will always consider this a classic . The songs are also melodious and meaningful . Highly recommended , though I would advise caution for the under-5s since there are some scary depictions in this movie .
 this newest version is stunning , now with better picture and sound quality . Unfortunately , and not many people know this , the author of the book and writer of screenplay Peter Beagle does not earn a single cent off of the sale of this movie , except through a special website . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 This is the Last Unicorn which had `` re-runed '' on several channels , including Disney a couple years back . Nothing much has changed from that , other than the quality of the videotape.The quality of the videotape is a grade up compared to the VHS and television versions , which have been grainy . The pictures are clear and crisp , a nice added touch yet stays true to the quality of the film itself -LRB- no deleted scenes -RRB- . For some reason many of the 2004 reviews have stated that the quality is bad . This is inaccurate when comparing the DVD 's picture quality to the trailer feature of the disc and the original VHS . This dvd has been played on a 2009 Xbox 360 . The only audio-availability on this dvd verison is dolby 2.0 and 5.0 . The subtitles are for spanish and english , but the audio output is in english only.As for features there is not much to offer . There is an interview of the author concerning the making of the book , the `` lost chapters '' of how the book truly started and a boring game of the red bull.Some reviews have been about censorship of the movie , or in other words `` edited '' . The movie from the television version has not been edited from its origin -LRB- as far as television re-runs go -RRB- and infact yes , there is one swear word . When the hunchback henchman is talking to Fortuna in front of the harpy cage he says '' I do n't care how many damn spells you got on her , get rid of that harpy ! `` There are no deleted scenes or plot-breaking edits that would truly affect the entire quality of the original story-line itself . The impact of these edits are n't very important for a couple of word changes like `` hell '' or whatnot as there was little offensive words to began with . As an example of a `` stripped '' movie , try Once Upon a Time which was suppose to be the original Windaria . Now that 's a censored version . As for TLU the harpy is still as ugly , naked and vicious as it was in the original.This is a good dvd to get if you want the movie itself , however it is lacking in the `` goodie '' department as far as concerning special features .
 A very good animated movie from the 80 's , also a very good voice cast . Indeed it has to be considered the first movie to use famous actors to dub it , with extremely good talent - a must to say it . Very nice script , nice dessign of the character , though the unicorn is a bit too fragile ...
 I grew up with this movie and had it as a VHS when I was a little girl , but I lost my tape . I found this at Blockbuster and was overjoyed . It 's an excellent movie . It is very nice to watch an old film of this caliber again . Yeah it 's no fancy high-definition movie , but story is better that way . The Last Unicorn is an exciting eventful story that leaves you entranced .
 I love this movie , and I 've loved it since I was a little girl . The first time it was released on DVD it was crap , but now it 's been re-released , and the new version is much better . The story is amazing , the voices and acting are great , and the animation is gorgeous.If you have n't bought the DVD yet , PLEASE buy it directly from Conlan Press -- otherwise , Peter Beagle receives none of the profits , no royalties or anything ; you can learn more at www.conlanpress.com . And no , I 'm not associated with Conlan Press or with Beagle -- I 'm just trying to help him get the money he deserves for having written the amazing , gorgeous book that this movie was based on .
 I actually think this is beautiful ! I had watched the VHS and the picture quality was very poor . When I put this in , I almost said , `` ahhhhhh ! '' outloud ... it was so beautiful . The animation and story is so inspiring . I 'm glad that my children have this movie to enjoy in vivid color .
 I grew up with this movie . I had a tape and totally wore it out watching this movie so much . I make everyone I know watch this movie , whether they want to or not . So many great things about this
 This animated feature has been a family favorite of the last 3 generations of children . I am delighted that my daughter -LRB- 17 -RRB- was able to add it to her collection of favorite movies . She has purchased it countless times now to give as gifts to her friends who are avid fans of the movie as well . It is a magical story ! I can not recommend it enough to anyone who loves fantasy !
 I saw this on tv once when i was a kid and i loved it . And years later when i signed up for amazon i wanted to buy it , i love this movie its a classic and i would share this with my children .
 The DVD was in new packaging and played very well . I wish it was in better definition but I do not think this movie has been brought up to date with digital imaging yet . Love the film and was very happy with the swift shipping !
 I love the last Unicorn , I watched it all the time when I was younger . I was really happy to find it on Amazon and be able to rent it for a low cost . This was a great way to relive childhood memories .
 What can I say about the Last Unicorn ? Love this movie - a classic in my world of animated film . Rented it from Amazon - again I have Netflix and it was not avail for me even as a member ... The quality of this film was average at best but then again I do n't believe this film has been dig remastered .
 My four year old loves unicorns so when I saw this movie I thought she would love it . I wish they would come out with a newer version , but this one fit the purpose just fine .
 This movie was a favourite of mine as a child and i was so excited to find it on Amazon ! It was just as I remembered , very nostalgic !
 I do n't know if it was the video copy or if it was our new television or new blu-ray player , but all of the people except the Unicorn/Lady Amalthea looked rather green ! This includes the bull . I am hoping that it was television and not the reason I was able to get the disc for only $ 5 . Everything else was great , as good as I remembered it . If possible , the audio was actually better ; but my last copy was a videocassette that wore out three or four years ago , so my memory may be fuzzy .
 First off , this is a review of the actual movie , no t the dvd trasfer . Even when I was 5 or so , I relized that THE LAST UNICORN was not your standard Disney cartoon . In my opion , what has made THE LAST UNICORN such a classic is the way it is paced and the storyline . It is happy on the outside , but once you actually sit down , it is about how everyone , no matter how great is flawed . Frankly , with the exption of a Nickoldean show , Mysterious Cites of Gold , this is the only Americian animation I will wacth .
 I remember the first time I watched this movie and back then it was VHS as a kid . The story of how the Last Unicorn began her journey to find other like her always reminds me that we all search for acceptance . Once changed into human and she says `` I can feel this body dying all around me '' we too live in a world where friendships die , friends and family too . To overcome the betrayal of her human body and fall in love was remarkable , but Amalthia remained true to herself and remember who she once was.I was and am still waiting to see if a human version can do the cartoon any justice and I do not think so .
 The last unicorn is one of my all time favourite movies ever . It was a precious piece of my child hood along with flight of dragons , labyrinth and the dark crystal . They just dont make them like they used to do they lol but it 's worth having on dvd . However if your going to purchase this movie on dvd i strongly suggest you buy a region 2 . I live in England and the region 2 version is much better the colours work and flow and it 's widescreen edition . You may think this is no big deal but i assure the region 2 version is better then the region 1 however this film is wonderful and worth owning no matter what . I also recomend the novel which the cartoon followed perfectly . This film is a rare find and belongs to a small yet enchanting genre that it appeals to everyone despite their age . Worth buying and espcially for unicorn or myth fans who like this sort of subject you 'll love it !
 When I was child , my father and I would watch this movie together , I would watch it everyday , as would any other child who is in love with a movie . This is a good movie filled with fun , sunshine , love , magic , and much more to attract the intrest of any child from 0-100 years of age .
 The Last Unicorn is an excellent and touching film , created by the same people who animated The Hobbit . It remained as true as practicable to the book by Peter S Beagle , and is still a delight to watch.However , the first DVD release is rather disappointing . Very little effort was apparently made
 Ever since I was a little girl I 've adored this movie . When I heard they planned on relasing it on DVD . I was extermly happy . Only , I expected more special features ... Possibly a trailer . Stuff like that . Does n't mean I was n't pleased with the movie itself . It was as I remebered it and I really enjoyed it . I really recommed this movie . Dvd or Vhs ...
 I first saw this movie in about '82 on HBO . I was in 9th grade at the time.The movie is very much an emotional passage of sorts , with characters that are transformed by the end . It is an ingenious blend of resolution and lack thereof , and really captures the fascination that exists for unicorns . It really stirs the insides as you reflect on the movie after it is over.However , I must say that after watching the DVD , I could swear that there was some odd placement of music and a slightly different edit in some of the conversations that take place . The ambient music in certain places really disrupted how I remembered it , as if the production company that prepared it for HBO had cleaned it up before broadcasting it . I ca n't be certain , but if that is true , I truly wish that version would have been placed on DVD . I 'm not sure if how I experienced the film so long ago became diffused over the years . In any case , how I remember it is still intact , although regretably , I have a hard time imagining anyone else having my same appreciation of the film by watching this DVD version . So it 's doubtful I can share it with anyone .
 I LOVED this movie when I was little ! I probably would still watch it along with Pippy Longstockings and The Land Before Time , if someone had n't have stolen them from me . I was able to get the others again but i havent been able to find this one , now i ca n't wait to get it !
 This movie was just wonderful ! It 's very touching , I 'm not going to give much info about it cuz I do n't wan na give away anything :--RRB- Whether you are a kid or an adult this movie will warm you heart and soul ! That 's all I have to say , just buy this movie and see for yourself 8 - -RRB-
 THIS MOVIE MAKES YOU WISH YOU WERE FROM THE ANCIENT PERIOD OF TIME . IT IS A VERY BEAUTIFUL TALE , AND IT WILL STAY IN YOUR MIND FOR YEARS TO COME .
 The following review is based on the DVD version . First of , this is my favorite movie of all time -LRB- mainly because of how many times I have seen it perhaps -RRB- so I had to buy the DVD when it came out unexpectedly . Like all DVDs , the image is crystal clear and the sound is very sharp . Lucky , there are absolutely no sound problems at all unlike the Hobbit DVD . The picture is so clear that one can notice more minor details like in the camp in the woods and on the castle . The unicorn and the characters now stand out strongly against the background unlike in the other foggy version they seemed to be one . As for the style of the cartoon , us Last Unicorn fans know that the style is focus more on beauty and art -LRB- the backgrounds are more like paintings than anything out of reality -RRB- and has a dream-like quality unlike Disney which today seems to solely be concerned with animation and bright colors.Many fans might disagree with me but there are only 2 minor problems in the movie and on the DVD . The first problem is that some animation screens are dark and then are bright again on the screen . This problem is more evident in the beginning than any other part . It ca n't be helped since this was in the old version ... one just could not tell because of the fogginess . The second problem -LRB- which might be done on purpose -RRB- is some of America 's song . They are terrific but some of them sound like they were recorded on cheap equipment because they have an eerie quality to them . This may be done on purpose but it was just something I have noticed and the sound quality of some songs was not improved on the DVD . UNFORTUNATELY , there are no extras on the DVD besides having closed captioning -LRB- subtitles are NOT available straight from the DVD -RRB- and 2.0 dolby stereo sound.A real strong plus on the DVD is the movie is more fit to the screen than my old version . Also , the voice acting is superior to any Disney movie especially Christopher Lee who still sends chills down my spine . *** TO PARENTS - I recommend this movie to children 5 years or older . This movie does contain swears -LRB- `` he ** '' and `` damn '' -RRB- but these are nothing compared to what children have been exposed today to . In my opinion , this is one of the few movies that girls can relate to better than boys . Also , the red bull and harpy might be scary to the younger set . I recommend watching with them first if they are around this age . I have also read the book and it is appropriate for the younger set as well . *** If you love fairy tales , sci-fi , cartoons , Disney animation , or you claim to be a pure 80s child , then I recommend this movie . It 's one of the cheapest DVDs you 'll find around and certainly worth the price . Also , unicorn movies are a rarity and the only other movie with unicorns in it worth mentioning is LEGEND . In conclusion , I recommend viewing `` The Last Unicorn '' and/or reading the book before the live action movie comes out in 2005 for a more fulfilling experience -LRB- http://www.the-last-unicorn.net -RRB- .
 ABOUT TIME `` The Last Unicorn '' is released on DVD this is way long overdue.FanS of such movies as the Lord Of The RingS triology will also love this movie.For even though it starts like the children 's movie that it is said to be.But after first 10 minutes or so it gets very much in same line as Lord Of The RingS . . In matter of fact the `` bull '' in this movie resembles a lot the demon that is battled in one scene of the 1ST Lord of the Rings Movie . . So grownups do n't be weary of this movie.It is for all ages.With a soundtrack by the classic band AMERICA . . Long before Elton John did `` Lion King '' or Phil Collins did `` Brother Bear '' or Bryan Adams did `` Spirit '' . There was America doing the music for this movie.This is just one of the best Fantasy filmS of all time . . And it takes a soon to be released live action remake to get this out on dvd.Which is what i been hopeful about . . This movie is very special to me coz this was one of my beloved Mandy 's favorite movies -LRB- Mandy was KILLED by a drunk driver in 1997 . STOP DUI -RRB- . So buy this movie watch it as a family and be captivated by the Magical Mystical Wonder that is the Last Unicorn.And i am sure that you too will add to one of your favorite movies.And FanS of Lord Of The RingS watch this Tolkien-esque tale.If could choose more then 5 stars this would be a lot more not enough stars to exspress the greatness and brillance of this Fantasy Film Classic
 This film truly is one of the greatest fantasy features of all time , and it should be represented as such . The packaging , though , looks like it was designed for children . This movie reaches far beyond the scope of childhood . Has anyone looked at Amazon.uk to see the cover art for the European DVD release ? Its really great if you have n't looked . The American release of the video did the same thing
 I read the original novel this movie is based on , in fact I have it at home . Beautiful scenery a wondeful grasp of the period lends the movie some artistic quality , beginning with the opening credits showing tapestry scenes many unicorn aficionadoes will already be familiar with . A classic quest tale comparable to Homer 's `` Oddessy '' a unicorn searches for her lost kinfolk . Helping her along her way are Schmendrick , a poor man 's Merlin and Molly Grue , a poor woman who still , knows a lot more of unicorns than the incompetent Schmendrick , who is described at one point as not being able to `` turn cream into cheese '' . When his magic does work right , it 's by sheer accident but when he allows his power to flow through him as it will he calls forth Robin Hood and his Merry Men , not forgetting Maid Marian . Of course at the end our heroes win out , Schmendrick finds his true magic , the Unicorn finds the others captured and imprisoned within the waves of the sea and the lost sense of magic and wonder is restored to the world at large . What I would n't give to be a character in this story , I could happily give up my entire reality to live in this world forever.Also the soundtrack by Queen adds to the general artisticness beginning with the opening title theme .
 there are 2 movies from my childhood I 'll never forget . The last unicorn and the secret of Nihm . This movie is beautiful and in my opinion every little girl should have it . It sparks the imagination and sends you dreaming of unicorns at night .
 A wonderful story of a unicorn discovering that she is the only one left , or is she ?
 Ever since I first saw this movie when I was little , I liked it . I had almost forgotten about it until I got into a conversation with my girlfriend and it led to this movie . This movie is a good buy for kids of all ages and the kid in every adult . Anybody who does n't like this movie must have forgotten what it 's like to be a kid and what it means to have an imagination . Buy this movie and if you do n't like it , then then you have lost any part of childhood you ever had .
 When i saw this on t.v i was only 4 and I was totally scared . I found the red bull terrifing . It then stayed at the back of my mind for aged . I just remembered it as scary . But when my i saw it listes in the t.v paper I told my 4 year old sister . I deicided to watch it with her thinkin I would realise how silly I had been . After they started hearing the Bull I started to get scared . I almost had to leave the room . I felt really stupid when my sister was enjoying the film a lot . I dont no what it is about it but it should be a childrens horror . Defintaly a sleepover horror im actually old enough to rent myself !
 This is a great movie , just like the book it was based on . It 's good for all ages . It starts with a unicorn , then she meets a magician who can never get his spells right . Together they get another companion and continue on their search for the other unicorns . Can they defeat the Red Bull ?
 Ever since i was a kid i loved this movie . the other day i bought it and still enjoy it , it 's a 80 's animation classic . The Story deals with a Lonely Unicorn -LRB- Mia Farrow -RRB- who sets off to seek all the other Unicorns , on the way she meets a whole batch of characters including a Goofy but Lovable Magician named '' Schmendrick '' -LRB- Alan Arkin -RRB- who turns her into a Beautiful Human Damsel called '' Lady Almathia '' . they go to king Haggard 's Castle and must find the Red Bull . Amazing , dazzeling and flawless animated masterpiece of perfection that all animation fans and fantasy lovers must own ... END
 I like this film because it is about my favorite mythical animal You know what I 'm talking about . Watch and enjoy for yourself !
 I have watched this movie when i was a little girl . it is really sweet and magical . Hey im 23 now and i still watch it ! It is really worth watching . the music is really pretty too !
 I was a little upset when I read the other reviews . I absolutley loved the movie beginning to end . Ok , so maybe it 's a few years older than I am , but ever since I went to that video store when I was about 3 and bought it , I loved it . I still watch it sometimes -LRB- when no one is around of course -RRB- . I adore the songs , I think they are really great and almost tell a story on their own . Yes , the animation is n't as good as the Disney movies pulled off back then but it has that anime look and those kind of cartoons have always kept me watching . It may also be for the younger kid range but I know a lot of older people who loved it too . If you have that love for unicorns as many people do , I think you 'll find this a great movie .
 I beg to differ from a previous review saying this is not for children under 7 . I first saw this movie when I was 3 years old and I loved it then , as I love it still . I may not have fully grasped everything at that time but I was enchanted by the story and I 've always loved the music . Well worth owning .
 I used to watch this movie over and over again when I was a kid . After almost 10 years , I saw it again , and still loved it . The story is touching , moving , and beautiful-truly a family classic .
 The first time I saw this movie I cried my eyes out . Now when I see it I get teary eyed before the story even starts . It 's the music that does it to me . Some people are not happy with the music selection in the last unicorn but I think it 's just right . My favorite scene is when Molly sees the unicorn for the first time . I cry everytime . I love this movie and will always love it . I think it 's not just a movie it 's a dream .
 I first saw this movie when I was about 6 years old . Elements of the story remained vivid in my heart for many years , though I did n't see or hear refrence to it for nearly 10 years . When I rediscovered it a few years ago I was thrilled . To this day The Last Unicorn remains one of my favorite movies . The story , characters , music , and morals are all beautiful . I wholeheartedly reccomend this movie to everyone !
 I love this movie and I was very happy to see that its back in circlulation again . I have one of the origional copies and almost wore out the tape from watching it for about a decade . I do n't like the new cover though , but its not what is most important . Does anybody know where you can get the soundtrack ? I heard it was n't released in the U.S.
 I remeber watching this movie over and over again when I was a kid and I cried every time . I had n't seen it for over ten years and now I once again own a copy . Even though I 'm in college now I still watch it a lot . It 's not only a awesome movie , but something that should remind everyone of when they were watching it when they were young .
 I love this movie . I 'm a total addict of it and the book it is based on of the same title . I could quote a dozen lines that I love , but the one that usually sticks out the most is right in the beginning . `` Stay where you are , poor beast . This is no world for you . '' It 's such an elegant and sad way of saying that the magic has seemed to have left the world , and that there is no more place for unicorns . It nearly makes me cry even after seeing it countless times . The Last Unicorn is suitable for all except perhaps the very smallest children due to the scariness of the Red Bull . I 'd give it 10 stars if I could .
 This movie really affected me as a child ... it is a great addition to every girls video library . It is a very sweet and sad story about a unicorn on her quest to find her friends . The songs really capture the mood and really make you feel her longing in your heart . An incredible movie for every growing girl ...
 I have alway liked this movie ever since was little and i think and child or adult would love the songs and characters . I think anyone who likes cartoons or fantasy should watch this movie .
 This is one of my favorite movies . When I was really little , my friend had this and we always watched it . When she moved away , she gave it to me . I still have it -LRB- I 'm 13 now -RRB- . It 's so incredible !! This is n't really a little kid movie , because the storyline is mature for little kids to follow . I love how they make it with the Japanese anime style of animation . Especially when the unicorn turns human , she is so gorgeous . And the music is so touching . I love it also because I love unicorns . If you 're an adult , this will bring back childhood memories for you .
 Watching The Last Unicorn makes a person remember when they were young , and instantly drags them off to fairy land , where unicorns exist , balls float around magicians , and skulls talk . This movie should be ranked one of the top 10 movies for famlies and fantasy lovers alike .
 I recall seeing this movie on TV when I was like 8-years-old and its beauty and meaning really affected me . Not again a film has touched me the way this did . I am not giving away what is about , only thoughts and images . The journey of the last unicorn that runs thru the world to find her lost kin and finds love instead ... A clumsy but noble magician named Schemndrick ... A sad woman who has lost almost everything ... A bitter and lonely king searching for hapiness and his adopted son , who will turn to be a hero ... A haunting world with wonderful landscapes ... An overwhelming score by Jimmy Webb and America ... Let 's just say that if you like fantasy and still carry with you that good old inner child and also have a taste for melancholy , this film will stay with you . But , if you are into happy endings , better stay away.Even at that early age I saw this picture , I had a sense of loss and sadness when it ended . I think that actually , it changed me forever . A part of the innocence was gone , in a good way . It deals with deep and mature matters , kind of heavy and serious for an animated flick , but I think it 's good for a child to learn to think and awaken sensibility.I am not sure to recommend it for little children , 3 to 5 ... I think it 's too much for them . From 7 and on , they can appreciate it more , and better for a 10 year-old . There 's some middle cursing also , like `` hell '' and `` damn '' , so very concerned parents should avoid it until their little ones are a little grown up.The cast is great . Christopher Lee shines . Mia Farrow , Alan Arkin and Jeff Bridges are also here and deliver powerful performances.Read the book which this movie was based on , written by Peter S. Beagle - who made the screenplay too , thank God , for it is perfect.An unforgettable , beautiful , charming , touching , thought-provoking , heart-squeezing movie that you can fall in love with .
 This movie is wonderful ! Those who believe in unicorns only can see this beautiful creature . Watch the movie to find out if she is the last . A great keep sake for those who grew up watching this movie . Magical and heartwarming movie !!
 With a soundtrack done not by Queen , but the band called America , The Last Unicorn was a film that entrances me as much now as it did when I was a child . Beautiful little touches , such as the `` Tree 's Love '' and `` Robin Hood Illusion '' make this such a heart-tearing film .
 This beautiful masterpiece presents the best animated tale of myth , and legend that I have ever seen.I was only 5 when I first saw this work of art , and still to this day love it as my favorite movie of all time.And now that I am grown I love it even more since I can now understand the underlying text of the love and the stark change from immortal Unicorn , to a diying , horribly complex human body . Fantastic !
 At last , an adaptation of a great book that captures all the magic of the original story , leaves out nothing important , and adds nothing unneccesarily . The fact that the book 's original author , Peter S. Beagle , wrote the screenplay and oversaw production of this excellent Rankin/Bass animated feature makes it one of the best book adaptations out there . Combining a fantastic quest story , with fairy tale , romance , and adventure , The Last Unicorn will captivate audiences of all ages .
 I was about 6 years old when the last unicorn was in theaters i own they didnt get to see it theater but because i keep telling my parents wanted to see it they rent it for my sister and i we both loved it now that older i wanted this video so my sister and could share with my 4 year old niece needless to say she love the and enyjoys as much as we did -LRB- and still do -RRB-
 I have been watching this movie since I was about four or five years old . I have found that no matter what point of life you are at this movie applies to your situation , at least for me . To me it is about finding yourself . She leaves the forest alone to find others like herself . It 's about taking risks in your life to find those that see things as you do . I work with youth and I feel that it is a movie that young women can benefit from seeing . Underneath all of the cartoon characters are personas that most people can relate to . In the end the message to me is that it takes giving up what is comfortable to find those that know who you are and what you are about . Every time I see this movie it brings me back to when I was young and reminds me to follow my own strength .
 This movie really does the book justice , which makes sense since Peter S. Beagle adapted the script from the novel himself . The voices fit their characters perfectly , and the animation is wonderful . The opening sequence with the unicorn tapestry is especially nice . And the soundtrack with songs by America can be stuck in your head for days . Overall , a fantastic magical movie . Perfect for any age .
 This is an excellent movie for everyone . I first saw it in highschool and was enchanted then and am just as so now . It has beautiful music , great acting , and is funny and serious . When I feel down in this ugly hum drum world of mondainity I pop This wonderful fantasy in the VCR and escape for a while . A good intriguing story . Rankin and Bass are always good . The animation/drawing to some may not seem the best but it is appropriate for this fantasy and is very pretty . A good fantasy anime for the whole family .
 I first saw this amazing movie about seven years ago on TV and had to have it . Through the years I have grown , matured , and have moved off to colllege , but still find this to be one of the best stories I have had the pleasure to watch . The morals presented along with the well developed story line make even a student of theatre appreciate the basic root of entertainment that The Last Unicorn has to offer . If you ever need to just sit back , unwind , and let go of reality for a world of fantasy for a little while , The Last Unicorn will indeed make you smile .
 My youngest daughter and I used to watch this movie when she was little and this is the first time I 've been able to find it for her . It 's her 17th birthday soon and she will be tickled to pieces . Thanks for having it !!
 I am so glad that this dvd has been rescued from destruction . The first release was trash . It was awesome to see this movie in widescreen and 5.1 sound . This movie is pure magic . The story and voices are excellent . The other day on the news I saw Mia Farrow talking about the tragedy taking place in Darfur and I had a strange thought that some Unicorn magic has stayed with her since doing this movie . I know that 's a bit weird but she is a unicorn . Loved this movie as a kid and love it today . Job well done on bringing this movie back to life . I love the soundtrack to this as well .
 I 've loved this movie from the time it was released , when I was five years old , until now ... The Last Unicorn is one of my all-time favorites . Do n't let the title fool you ; this movie proves the old adage `` you ca n't judge a book -LSB- or movie ! -RSB- by it 's cover . '' The Last Unicorn has wonderfully complex characters and is beautifully animated . Cartoons are n't always just for kids ! This is very artistically done , and I 've never met anyone who saw the movie and did n't love it . -LRB- That includes my skeptical roommate who thought it looked `` My Little Ponyish . '' She watched it after I bought it -- and now she loves it , too . -RRB- The soundtrack has beautiful music as well , and it just adds immeasurable value to the charm of the movie . By all means , get a copy of this video and see for yourself . The story is incredibly special , and will stay with you for years . Do n't miss out on this one ! It 's the best accomplishment made in the animation genre that I have ever seen .
 This is an absolutely lovely movie , and was one of my favorites as a kid . However , just a quick warning to parents
 One of my earliest memories is running at top speed to the living room because HBO was playing The Last Unicorn . This was one of my favorite movies growing up as a child , so I was thrilled when I saw it released on DVD . Even though I 'm in my twenties now , I still enjoy this movie . It is one of those stories that can be enjoyed on many levels
 I first saw this film in the theaters when I was in elementary school because it had unicorns in it . I had no idea how intense the movie would be.When I saw the film later as an adult , I appreciated the story 's well-crafted examination of hope , dreams , fears , imagination , whimsy , self-realization , and redemption . The characters have surprising emotional depth and dimension for `` cartoons '' . When I saw this film again I had forgotten how scary it was the first time around -LRB- perhaps I had originally missed the scary scenes when I was in the restroom ? -RRB- . Watching it as an adult , I felt grippingly intense sorrow , fear , and frustration from some of the characters -- the evil was so realistically and poignantly conveyed that I could * feel * it inside -- and I am not a typically emotional person.As such , I can not recommend this film for pre-schoolers and young children . Some scenes are just too scary and frightening , even if the overarching themes of the film are positive . Nightmares might ensue otherwise . The film was originally rated G in the days when just G , PG , and R were available . I think today it would probably be rated PG.If you let your children watch this , I highly recommend you watch it with them and discuss the themes with them . Use it as a teaching tool that brings great pleasure . The movie IS touchingly beautiful in its story , animation , voicing , and music . It 's just a little too mature and intense for the young ` uns .
 The DVD release of this movie has to be some sort of quick-cash ploy . They did n't do a thing to make it worth my fifteen bucks . No clean-up , no better sound quality , nada . It 's not horrible , but they could have done so much better.Content wise , this movie has nothing particularly inappropriate , and the plot is very creative . In all honesty , the actors pretty much ca n't sing -- Mia Farrow sings the first half of `` Now that I 'm a Woman , '' and she really has no vocal ability there . However , it comes across less as a problem , and more like someone actually singing -- as if a normal person just spontaneously decided to sing . I actually like it.There are some pretty creepy moments in this movie , and most of my friends have mentioned that if they saw it when they were little it scared them , but not enough that they did n't really like it . There are two `` damn `` s in the movie , but they 're barely audible and not particularly offensive , unless you 're looking for them ... national television has worse.I give the artists a lot of credit for the character design in this movie , which is wonderful . The unicorn does n't have the Horseicorn cheapness seen in several other feature films -- its true to the book.I am excited for the release of the rendered version of this movie ; perhaps it will present better quality than this dvd .
 I just wanted to say that I have nothing aginst the movie itself . My problem with this is the DVD transfer . It is horrible ! It really makes me sad , too , because I love The Last Unicorn . It 's such a beautiful story and with an incredible ensemble . You would think they would have taken the time to make a nice package for the fans . Unfortunately , that did n't happen . Even so , I am glad to see this movie at last on DVD . Again , this is a great storyline . It is the story of a Unicorn who goes off to find the other unicorns in the world . On her way she meets some friends and ends up being turned human by a wizard . It 's colorful , imaginative , and very creative . I love the ending because it 's daring and different .
 This DVD is a must-have for everyone like me , who loved this movie as a kid and want it for nostalgia 's sake , as well as for kids today who have never seen it before but are guaranteed to love it.The VHS of this movie , the story of `` the last '' of the unicorns on a quest to find others like herself , was a staple of my childhood ; I have been looking to add this to my DVD collection forever , and I 'm thrilled I finally can.Stirring , heartwarming , and uniquely bittersweet , this movie is truly a classic that more than deserves this updated release . -LRB- NOTE
 Do not pay heed to the reviews stating this is a bad release . They are referring to an older DVD release . This `` 25th Anniversary '' edition is widescreen and high quality . I almost did n't buy it based on the misinformation provided on the page for the item , luckily I smelled something fishy and used more reliable sites for more information regarding this release .
 I was watching the TV one day flicking through the channels when I chanced upon this wonderful tale of a beautiful unicorn searching for others of her kind , I shared her journey of joy , sorrow and confusion , meeting an assortment of wonderful characters , surprisingly not all are outright evil , only sad creatures that lost something along the way , it says alot to the creator of this lovely story that your able to feel pity and sadness towards the ` nasty ' characters of this tale.Children of all ages -LRB- plenty of Adults too ! -RRB- will enjoy this movie , it comes highly recommended , -LRB- please keep tissues handy Im sure your going to need it ! -RRB- so please try and get your hands on a copy , the storytelling is as beautiful as its songs , see it through your childs eyes , and appreciate its beauty .
 Peter S. Beagle , one of the modern era 's finest story-tellers -LRB- and certainly the * premiere * writer of fantasy in contemporary literature -RRB- , has written in the preface of his `` The Fantasy Worlds of Peter S. Beagle '' -LRB- 1978 -RRB- that , `` The Last Unicorn is the book that people know who do n't know anything else I 've ever written ; it will probably haunt the rest of my career ... '' His prediction has not gone unrealized , and with good reason . The story of a unicorn who fears she is the last of her kind in the world and sets out to find what may have happened to the others is a world class example of a story thoughtfully , intelligently , and unforgettably told.The same holds true for the screen adaptation of Beagle 's novel , primarily for one reason and one reason only
 As a child , i recalled watching this awesome piece of animation continuously . Now as a young adult at the age of 17 , i find it more and more mesmerizing to watch this movie more and more with a better understanding of the heroine and her tale as a beautiful unicorn in search of the rest of her `` people '' that were dragged to the ends of the earth by the strong and dangerously powerful Red Bull . . the caretaker of the Unicorns.The voices aiding in the tale are also wonderful and breath a new sense of life into the characters of Schmedrick , Molly , Prince Lir ' , the evil King Haggard , are just a few examples of great `` acting '' . From the opening sequence of the unicorn in her splendor as a magnificent creature longing for a companion until the closing sequence of the unicorn returning home with a better understanding of True love , this is surely a delight not worth missing . This film is an excellent adaption of the book by Peter S. Beagle and I reccomend that everyone agrees with me to pick up a copy of Beagle 's novel BEFORE or after you watch this wonderful work because either way , you 're in for an absolute treat full of adventure , fantasy , and of course , True Love .
 This is , overall , an excellent though , necessarily , quite simplified film of Peter Beagle 's wonderful book.The animation is classic Japanese/anime style , which bothers some people but seems quite appropriate to me.The simplifications to the storyline mostly involve the town of Hagsgate and the outlaw band of Captain Cully , the Robin Hood wannabe `` outlaw '' , but also unfortunately involve the omission of the wonderful songs that Beagle wrote and included as part of the text , which are replaced by -LRB- of all things -RRB- songs by Jimmie Webb , sung by America . -LRB- I would have awarded five stars , not four , if the soundtrack had included some or all of Beagle 's original songs . -RRB- According to a story that has been confirmed by the author , Christopher Lee -LRB- who supplied the voice for King Haggard -RRB- showed up for the recording sessions armed with his own copy of the book , with several places marked to indicate things that must not , in his opinion , be omitted.All of the voices are execllently chosen -- Mia Farrow does the Unicorn/Lady Amalthea very well , indeed , Alan Arkin is wonderful as the slightly befuddled sem-competent wizard , Schmendrick , Christopher gives the perfect sad and weary reading to King Haggard , and Robert Klein is absolutely marvellous as the Butterfly.This is a story of inevitability and of the ending of things and of immortality and mortality ; of heroism and villainy and of love and joy and sorrow and regret and of finding and of loss.The Unicorn must discover what it is to be human and through that rediscover what it is to be a unicorn , so that she can face the terrifying Red Bull . King Haggard 's son Prince Lir -LRB- Jeff Bridges -RRB- must become a hero in order to understand that all things have their destinies and their destined endings.And Schmendrick must learn that even a wizard needs more than merely magic to be a whole person , no matter how fiercely he desires magic ... The whole story is about destinies and quests and fulfillments -- `` Heroes know that things must happen when it is time for them to happen . A quest may not simply be abandoned ; unicorns may go unrescued for a long time , but not forever ; a happy ending can not come in the middle of the story , '' says Prince Lir.Wonderful and sad , uplifting and -LRB- just a little , just enough -RRB- scary , romantic and funny , this is a film for people of any age who have not forgotten the magic of the words `` Once upon a time ... ''
 I have been paging through these reviews , and realized that something has awakened in me , something that has n't stirred since the days of my youth.ok at 21 it has n't been that long , but seeing this movie rereleased has conjured up many images ... images of a boy plopped in front of a tv , reliving over and over the adventures of a unicorn , the last of her kind ... I relive the moments of her anguish , pain , and happiness , of her bold quest for the seemingly impossible . I harbor memories of fear over the imposing , impossibly powerful red bull , and also nightmares of the skeleton with the eternal thirst ... of whom i ca n't remember much ... i just looked downstairs , and realized that a copy of `` The Last Unicorn '' resides behind decades of new additions ... perhaps i shall dust it off and relive the adventures of the unicorn , and ultimately , the adventures we all face each and every day , just not brought to light as this movie somehow does . well , i have a little reminicing to do ... hope everyone gets a chance to see this wonderful film ... and i am gon na buy the book asap !
 I have loved this movie for years and years !!!! It was so incredible the way the writer -LRB- s -RRB- worked the mysterious narwhal into the story . Although I 'm 22 , this still seems like a reasonable explanation for their existence . Thank God for video ! Someday I 'll be able to share this story with my children .
 `` The Last Unicorn '' is a step in the right direction for fantasy animation . With a a combination of surrealism , adventure and the kind of stuff kids love , this movie is a must see for all ages .
 I could show you how this movie is written across my conciousness . I could show you how this movie will cradle your heart and alight in your soul and hide behind your eyes to make you wonder at the rest of the poor world . But truth melts magic always and so you will know it only when you see it .
 This is my all time favorite movie . I fell in love with unicorns after watching this movie and to this day I am adding to my unicorn collecton . The story line is great and teachs a very good lesson to the young and old alike .
 The Last Unicorn is my favorite movie . I was very young when I first saw it and have loved it ever since . This movie has an excellent story line with beauty , loneliness , magic , danger , and love . I am now 15 years old and watch it any time I have the chance ! It beats all of the Disney movies put together ! It is a movie made for all ages . If you love unicorns and magic , you will love this movie !
 This movie was a favorite of mine since I was too little to remember . Unicorns were always my favorite . This is a great movie based on a book by the same title . I read the book just a few months ago and was pleased to find that it was almost exactly like the movie . This is the best childrens movie I have ever seen . And I think every child should see it .
 I remember seeing this movie for the first time when I was four , and I remember loving it . That was fifteen years ago , and The Last Unicorn continues to inspire me . The animation is amazing for the time , and the music is euphoric and memorable . Above all , the story is captivating and real , and will encourage everyone to believe in the magic and existence of unicorns . It 's a timeless movie about believing in what your heart knows to be the truth ... and there 's even a mean , red bull for the boys who do n't care much for magic .
 The Last Unicorn belongs in the homes of a collector or one simply looking for a good movie . The movie is also great for children with supervision . It is perfect for a family collection or to watch with children while babysitting . I have grown up with the thoughts of Unicorns prancing in my head ; this movie dares to take those fanatasies to a new level . The Last Unicorn deals with many issues that can be used today , about self worth . The movie has humor , witt , and the capability of a universal story-line . The graphics are pleasing to the eye without beign overly complicated . I recommend it as a true classic that belongs in the homes of almost everyone .
 Not only a childrens movie , the animation and storyline attract the attention of the older generations as well . Still a great animated movie , even when compared to the works of Disney . Great music combined with the voice talents of those such as Mia Farrow and Angela Lansbury , makes it a top notch video even 10 years after coming out in the theaters .
 I read a review about how someone watched the video as a child and finds the video more memorizing . I agree with this whole-heartedly . While entertaining for children , you really do n't grasp the full meaning until you are older . I am 20 now , and I get so much more out of this than I did at around 5 or so . The animation is beautiful , the story line spellbounding , and the music is the same , most by the band America . Definitely check out this movie , and the book .
 ` The Last Unicorn ' , that has a big star cast , including Mia Farrow , Jeff Bridges , and more is like ` Secret Of NIMH ' not like any other typical and sweet animated movies from the 80 's like ` My Little Pony ' , it 's a dark , mystical and philosophical tale for the elder kids about The Last Unicorn that is taking out on a dramatic journey with a young wizard , and the beautyful , but tough Molly.If you are grown tired of typical Disney movies with cute animals that sings and dance all the time , then buy the more serious toned ` The Last Unicorn ' , you wo n't be dissapointed !
 This beautiful heart warming story brings us back to the days when we were young and innocent ; it provokes the inner child in all of us and definitely brings back some happy memories for me . For those children or adults who have n't seen this emotional film it will bring back your sense of imagination , the one that this society and generation has taken from you . It will show you that love is a powerful thing and that there are such things as happy endings .
 This flim has touched my heart in so many ways . . it truely has magic . . more than disney . The backrounds are beautiful , the characters are touching , the music is simply beautiful . . with the remake due out in autumn 2003 -LRB- shhh ! -RRB- I hope that they keep the music as it one of the masterpeices of this.Those who see this flim . . wether or not you believe in unicorns will truely be touched . Deep down . . it had adult problems . . it deals with death and horror . . it deals with longing and love . And . . the ending . . truely leaves you wanting more .
 For Anyone looking to buy this for there kids.It is not a Kids film!It was aimed at Teens.it follows the book about 98 % and all except for the actual book ending is included.All the Language in the Book is in the Film.Read the book then decide if you kid should watch it . -LRB- ... -RRB-
 I love this movie . My grandparents had it at their house when I was little , and they would let me watch it sometines when I came over . It is of no little amount of sentimental value to me . I love Unicorns , and I always thought that the way this movie ended was a beautiful way to reaffirm the magik in life in a world that has altoghther forgotten it . Again , a beautiful thing . -LRB- ... -RRB-
 One of my childhood favorites and now one of my daughters favorites . A movie I had almost forgotten . Never again , will I forget . Full of fantacy and magic . Keeps one interested .
 The last unicorn is a breathtaking classic about a beautiful unicorn -LRB- mia farrow -RRB- who is destined to discover if she is the last of these mythical creatures . The reason that it should be rated PG is because it has the word `` damn '' in it quite a few times and also the expression `` what the hell . '' Not for small children .
 I saw this on T.V. as a kid and have loved it since then . The animation is beautiful -LRB- and it 's GREAT to have an alternative to Disney 's corporate pap -RRB- . The story has all the power and interest of true mythology , and best of all , the tale is told with a healthy dose of humour . See it , buy it , introduce it to more children . The Last Unicorn is a movie that endures .
 I drove my parents nuts watching this movie when I was little . We did n't own it , so everytime we went to the video store , we had to rent it . For an animated film , it has a pretty grown up theme to it . I now own the movie and watch it frequently . It 's a good film for both children and adults . I personally think the story itself is timeless , of course , I did n't really begin to think that until I got older . The animation is wonderful , the voices were well chosen , and it 's just an all around good story . It 's the type of movie that you can watch with children and not be bored .
 Lorna Doone is the story of the banished `` Doone '' clan , and it is a period film that Sean Bean does very well . Sean plays Carver Doone a man who must live by his wits after he and his clan are banished . Its the story of the love also between John Ridd and Lorna Doone , who was married to Carver . Sean 's character is masterfully played , he is a man who is a product of his environment , who must hunt , hurt and yes steal in order to have his family survive ! Its Sean Bean at his best , and it also stars his castmates from `` Patriot Games '' Polly Walker and Hugh Fraser , its a period film that should be seen ! Its Sean Bean with the walk and the language of a man who is forced to become an outlaw so that he can survive , its a man who does what he hates to do in order to live , and its the story of Carver 's love for Lorna as well as John Ridd 's love for her . Enjoy the film ! Sean Bean does wonderful work for the BBC and English TV .
 To appreciate this video you must have an intrest in old England and the period around the ` Monmouth Rebellion ' It is a tale of Love overcoming barriers in the West of England in the Counties of Devon and Somerset . Realistic shooting captures the era well and avoids Holywood ` glitz ' . Worth watching .
 I like period drama , I like British drama , and I like Sean Bean . That makes this a perfect triple header . And Mr. Bean delivers . While I would have liked the characters fleshed out a bit more , and WHY Lorna would prefer that dry stick John Ridd I do n't know . That is never understood . He looks and acts like a Puritan . What makes the movie interesting is the character of Carver Doone , the illegitimate son and supposed heir to the Doones . The Doones are a clan of reivers , for all intents and purposes , disenfranchised and having to make their way outside the law , and Carver does all he can to hold them together , doing whatever it takes , usually under his father 's orders . He has lost his wife and lives for his young son . But in a fit of charity , he rescued and brought to the Doones to raise , young Lorna , and that is his downfall . While Carver never seems to feel much romantic connection to Lorna , he is protective , and the character of Carver , as Mr. Bean plays it , is protective of those he cares about . Lorna comes off as a bit silly and willful . Her attraction to John Ridd seems inexplicable and more in line of a Romeo and Juliet forbidden fruit combined with teenage rebellion scenario , except she and John are not teenagers . The look Carver gives his father when , after all he has done for the Doones , his father proposes to set Carver , as a bastard , aside in favor of Lorna and her lover , Carver 's enemy , is pure pathos . And it sparks all that comes after and costs Carver all he has cared about and protected , and the ultimate betrayal . If you 're a fan of Sean Bean , watch this for his performance alone . But do n't expect it to be like the book . -LRB- But then so few movies are -RRB- .
 Plenty of action , scenic period visuals , believable dialogue , feuding clans and forbidden love . Spring , 1600s England , with early looks at a couple of British stars in their budding careers . Clive Owen as John Ridd , and Polly Walker -LRB- 'Em ma '' Rome '' Patriot Games ' -RRB- as Lorna Doone -LRB- eyes of an angel -RRB- , make an entertaining time of love , war , romance , adventure , and classic happy endings . Lorna saves John , John tried to save Lorna as a child . In the end , a surprise discovery leads to romance and more . This is an adaptation , and some fail to recognize that as a limitation for TV . The converting of a full classic novel into 87 minutes of film requires limiting the story . The writer & director made decisions well to make this a beautiful `` ADAPTATION '' for TV , now a DVD . It would take a full series to depict the entire story of `` Lorna Doone , '' 1869 book by Richard Doddridge -LRB- R.D. -RRB- Blackmore.Carver Doone -LRB- Sean Bean - ` Lord of the Rings '' Troy '' Lady Chatterley ' -RRB- is the villain father-killer . Sarah Ridd -LRB- Billie Whitelaw - ' A Dinner of Herbs ' ; Quills ' -RRB- is mother . Miles Anderson -LRB- ` House of Cards ' -RRB- plays a Ridd cousin who is wanted , and loves Annie Ridd -LRB- Jane Gurnett -RRB- . The musical score is as good as the scenery . The Doones of Bagworthy Forest have rustic thatch-roof stone cottages ; while the Ridds of Oare live in a 2-story , slate-roof , stone home . A quick film mistake in the action during the Doone attack on the Ridd home is made by a torch being thrown on a thatch roof . It was slate , not thatch . But what a battle.THE DVD BONUS includes : SUBTITLES4 text cast fimographies , and text bio of author R. D. Blackmore.MY WIFE AND I LIKE IT . It 's such a good novel there is plenty of room for all of the film adaptations to date . This one is a keeper . I 'll watch it again , it 's that good .
 The story of Lorna Doone has always fascinated me and I always look for new version of it . This one was excellent and I have enjoyed it . I 'm sure I will watch is many more times .
 I have always loved this film as it features a surprisingly sexy belly dance by Anita Harris as the duplicitous Corktip . As a kid I was aware of Ms. Harris , as she often appeared on British TV in the sixties as a wholesome family singer . This film made me see her in a whole new light !
 This is a nice entry with many of the original Carry On gang plus Phil Silvers playing Sgt. Bilko in the Foreign Legion . Some funny stuff but suffers a little from trying to give Silvers a lot of the limelight . Still one of the better entries and Bresslaw plays a great Arab chieftan . Hawtry and Williams are wonderful as always . Got this for $ 9.90 and well worth it .
 This series is great fun . Looking forward to getting the next few seasons . Kevin Sorbo portrays a believable character with a good heart .
 This is great . It is always great re-watching these series , I watched it when I was a kid its always good to get episodes that I never watched before . Problem is ... . when is Amazon gon na release the following seasons for unboxed ?
 I received the movie in a timely manner and it was in perfect condition . The prices was affordable and there was not a long waiting period before I received my product . Thank you !
 If you need a break from day to day seriousness and stress , this is the movie for you . It is over the top , but hilarious nonetheless . Enjoy !
 The DVDKingdom Come -LSB- VHS -RSB- arrived sooner than I expected and was in perfect condition . The packaging was good and there were no scratches . A good choice in selection . I will look for this Company Name again when re-ordering .
 I rented the Movie and later purchased it from Ebay . Great Movie to watch as a Family .
 This is a wonderful movie -LRB- quality and all -RRB- that has a beautiful message attached not to spoil the movie but once you have seen this it will become very clear what life is all about . Given that this story is one that is very near and dear to me , I must say that this is a powerful movie and the information that is presented is one that will not be forgotten .
 I received my DVD within 2 days of ordering . The only thing I did n't like was it was virtually impossible to get in touch with someone from the company to check on the status . I had to call Amazon to get the information . Other than that , the DVD arrived on time and in excellent condition ! I would recommend you buy from them .
 Movie Kingdom Come 's great surprise actor was LL Cool J , whose acting was superb . He is the star of the movie , named Ray Bud , becoming the patriarch in his family at the death of his father . And , he pulls it off with a class act . Of course , actress Vivica Fox does an exellently superb acting as his perfect wife , Lucille , who is trying to keep her own problems to herself , namely issues trying to have children . Loretta Devine is another great actress in every movie she takes on . In this one , she brings out the comedy of a religious sister-in-law , Aunt Marguerite , burdened with being a widow with two delinguent sons who she tries to whip into action with her religious tongue . Jada Pinkett plays a comedy part in this movie as the wild & crazy Sharese , a low-class wife of Junior , Ray 's brother . She wanted a singing career before her marriage and kids . Junior is played by Anthony Anderson , who is great with comedy anyway . He stars as the penniless brother with wild ideas , no common sense and he and Sharese are saddled with three bratty children . Darius McCrary does an excellent acting job as Ray 's delinquent cousin , Royce , son of Marguerite , who finally matures at the end . The actor that plays the part of the auto repair shop owner , Clyde , Ray 's boss , is so thoroughly hilarious with his scenes from start to finish . Toni Braxton is the beautiful rich in-law married to a lawyer cousin who shows up to the funeral alone and reveals to Sharese that she should appreciate her husband and her poor life because riches do n't always equal happiness . The movie also stars Cedric-the-Entertainer who plays off his part so well as the lisp-speaking minister , over-burdened but sincere . It 's revealed from the beginning of the movie that Ray Bud 's father lived the last years of his life as a grouch with Mrs. Bud , starred by Whoopie Goldberg , choosing not to hide her dislike of her husband 's ways . Whoopie Goldberg shows her excellent acting skills to the hilt with such a beautiful low-key portrayal of a patient quietly intelligent newly-widowed mother of two men , Ray and Junior . Junior is so caught up in his own crazy hopscotch life , trying to make up to Sharese for his promiscuious affair that he does n't contemplate overmuch seeing his father 's coffin . Cousin Royce already lost his father to death and shows Ray that its alright to feel hurt over the death of his father . It 's up to Ray to show and reveal how he felt about his father . Beautifully revealing and also an entertainingly funny movie .
 Delightful treatment of a dark subject . Evokes both laughs and tears . Cleverly filmed and acted .
 My mom loves this film . She watches every night and cracks up everytime . It 's the dead fathers shoes .
 I absolutely loved this movie . It is extremely funny -LRB- and this is comming from someone who does n't have a sense of humor , according to my family -RRB- . It is a great movie that you can enjoy with the family . The story line is very simple but the commedy is superve and you will certainly laugh throughout the entire movie . Do not let other reviewers discourage you . Buy this movie , you will love it .
 Whoopie Goldberg , LL Cool J , Loretta Devine and Jada Pinkett - Smith star in this overlooked little comic gem of a movie . The supporting cast , including Cedric the Entertainer , are also on hand to bring to life a funny farce on death and dying , dysfunction and survival . Admittedly , perhaps a few of the plot devices may be trite , but it 's very rare for a movie not to have a few over used plots or farcial moments . This movie is all about family surviving family and life and trying to rise above whatever life has in store - be it fate or human blunder . Goldberg plays Mama Rae , a stoic and strong woman , who does know her own mind . When her husband drops dead at the breakfast table , she continues on - with an assortment of family members and friends who are coming home to '' help '' her . The always amazing Loretta Devine , the bombastic , morally and religiously effusive , bounds onto the screen and does n't stop chewing the scenery throughout her turn as Aunt Marguerite - the long suffering sister of the recently departed Bud and the mother of two lowdown sons , who try her patience at every turn . LL Cool J is the eldest son of Mama Rae and Bud , who battles his own demons , but seems to bring stability to a very fractured family . Pinkett - Smith is the one person that every family seems to have - The Drama Queen and the Eternal Victim . The rest of the cast deserves to be singled out , but time and space is limited . The bottomline is - this is a movie that can make you laugh - even if you stop laughing and think - '' this reminds me of someone in MY family . '' It ai n't brain surgery , folks and not all movies have to be or even should be . A nice clue , watch the credit roll - the photos seem to tie up the stories in the movie .
 I really was n't expect much from this film . I expected it to be your typical cookie cutter fare . I ended up being pleasantly surprised . The cast was likable , the storyline was interesting , and the film 's comedy was VERY funny and VERY down to Earth.In a way , the family in the film reminded me of my family . I 'm sure it will remind you of your folks , too . I do n't care if you 're white , black , or whatever . This movie has UNIVERSAL APPEAL . I recommend it to EVERYONE who loves to laugh ! Buy or rent this film today !
 When this movie was released in theaters , it received bad reviews and I wondered out loud
 I 'm majoring in child and family development and stumbled across this movie at 2 in the morning . I had never heard of the movie , but laughed myself silly . I could write an 8 page paper over the dysfunctions and strengths of this family ! This cast consists of many well known individuals . My favorite part had to have been when the Rev. coped with the after effects of his dinner from the previous evening while performing the funeral . Much of the this movie reminded me of Nutty Professor with so much chaos in that family . For our family , this is one that we 'll purchase on DVD and watch time and time again !
 I liked Kingdom Come . Especially , when it had my favorite singer , Toni Braxton in it . She did a very good job for her first movie . I thought the movie was heartwarming . A family type movie . It was full of life . A down to earth movie . Just like real life situations . The movie really meant something to me . Sometimes it has to take someone to die to bring the family together . I highly reccommend this movie to all ages . Full of laughs . Cedric the Entertainer will have you cracking up all through the movie . He 's so hilarious . This is a got ta see movie .
 This movie is another that I think you may love or hate . But it 's one that is SO funny to me . One I 'll watch over and over . I know full well that funerals are n't supposed to be funny , but the family and the people around them-crap you ca n't help but laugh ! I 've never seen Jada Pinkett Smith in a part quite like this , it was really quite hillarious . The cast is full of people everyone knows !
 The movie begins with `` death '' -LSB- of actress Whoopi Goldberg 's husband -RSB- , and is its entire theme : and is about all types of situations that can happen `` when chaotic clan reunite '' or are confined in close spaces with one another for more time than just a `` do drop by '' ; it softens for the fiction at least the reason they 're there `` to pay their last repects '' . . Its fine cast lead by actor/comedian Anthony Anderson make it believable , and even in its taudy way -LRB- poignant -RRB- & a little humorous and the decision of actress Loretta Devine 's son to quit being a `` prodical son '' and to have verses from the prophet `` Isaiah '' be replaced with verses from `` Psalms '' adds to the `` subdued scenes '' near the end of the movie `` Kingdom Come '' , which concludes with an epilogue of `` still life '' photos with comments just before the movie credits are shown .
 Almost did n't watch this movie ... was n't in the mood for musicians trying to be actors ... but decided what the hey , might be lighthearted and worth the video rental price ... ended up really enjoying it , even coming to amazon.com to buy it . This film has many southernisms and dysfunctional-but-you-gotta-love-them familyisms . We adopted several lines in our own family `` You know yo Daddy love us ! '' ... a certain sign that we enjoyed it ! It had excellent situational comedy and Whoopi plays the most understated part of her career , and it really works !
 I must admit that I only wanted to see this movie because my favorite singer in the whole world Toni Braxton was in it . But then again some of my most favorite actresses were in it too like Vivika , Tamala -LRB- always funny -RRB- and Jada . When I got to the movies I almost choked at how funny this movie was ... It reminded me of my family . However I was kind of disapointed that there were only really 3 main scenes and that Toni Braxton was only in a few and did not sing . I do agree that they should not have had Jada acting like she could sing when Toni was in the mivie . But all toghther the best characters were Loretta , Jada , and Anthony . This is a great movie with no curses under the exception of maybe 1 little word , but I would recommend this movie to anyone who likes to laugh and my little brother 4 years old enjoyed it so maybe other kid mught as well .
 Weddings and funerals always seem to bring out the worst in some families . The Slocum family is no exception , all together in this small Southern town named Lula all these half-cocked personalities involved , and you know you 're in for a major twister . I have seen this movie numerous times and it still gets me . Director Doug McHenry -LRB- Jason 's Lyric -RRB- gets up close on these people and even though does n't break any ground in filmmaking ; it is darkly funny and simple.It starts off with Whoopi Goldberg who plays Mamma Ray , a woman whose `` mean and surly '' husband , Bud , drops dead at the dinner table . Her large and dysfunctional family gathers for his funeral and brings all their personal baggage with them . Eldest Son Ray Bud -LRB- LL Cool J -RRB- never liked his dad and is angry at his brother Junior -LRB- Anthony Anderson -RRB- for being a dreaming bum . Ray Bud 's wife Lucille hides her unhappiness behind pills and soothing words . Junior 's marriage to his childhood sweetheart , Charise -LRB- Jada Pinkett -RRB- , is falling apart due to poverty , infidelity , and general unpleasantness . Bud 's sister Marguerite , a bible-thumping Baptist , comes to comfort Mamma Ray -LRB- Loretta Devine -RRB- but instead fights with her own `` demon '' son , Royce -LRB- Darius McCrary -RRB- . All problems may be predictably solved in the end but watching the destruction and salvation of the all these relationships endlessly entertained me.What lifted this movie above the level of sitcom was the performances , particularly Whoopi Goldberg 's . She is divine in this film , portraying a strong woman of few words but great strength and dignity . Anthony Anderson is also delightful and shows a greater range than he has in `` Exit Wounds '' or `` Romeo Must Die . '' His scene where he explains why he cheated on his wife is a wonderful moment of understated sadness . It is such moments balanced with his usual high-energy comedy that makes his performance so strong . Loretta Devine and Darius McCrary work together extremely well as bickering mother and son and provide the biggest laughs of the film . McCrary also has some nice serious moments and manages to flush out a pretty standard bad-boy-with-a-heart role.All the performances were strong and never flinched from honestly showing the character or situation . There are some really ugly people and circumstances in the film and they are not sugar-coated which makes them all the more funny or frightening to watch .
 This is the film you want , if you want a good laugh .
 LL , Jada , Fox and Goldberg are good , not great , but good in this family reunion ` Dramedy ' -LRB- Drama + Comedy -RRB- , when a family member dies , the whole family reunite , each with a story to unfold and unfinished business to be taken care of . This movie is ok in my book , had no bad parts and the cast is great , so if you like poignient dramas , it do n't get any better than Kingdom Come .
 This is a great movie . It 's one of my all time favorites . It is so wonderful . After you are done watching it , it leaves you with an awesome feeling ! This movie 's about three generations of family that come together for a family members death . This movie is very funny and the music is FANTASTIC . I definately recomend this movie to you !
 MAN U CANT HELP BUT TO LOVE THIS MOVIE . ITS FUNNY AS I DONT KNOW WHAT.ITS NOT ONE PART THAT U DONT LAUGH OFF OF . THEY WHOLE FAMILY IS A HOT A MESS AND THEIR ALWAYS TRIPPING . IF U HAVENT SEEN IT THEN U SHOULD , U DONT KNOW WHAT UR MISSING .
 I love this move !!! I just gets funnier every time I watch it ! One for the entire family !
 The best and the worst of the Slocumb family is on display when Woodrow `` Bud '' Slocumb keels over from a stroke . As the town swelters in the summer heat , family tensions reach a comedic boil as the Slocumb clan comes together to remember their dearly departed . The long-suffering Charisse is sick of her bumbling , unfaithful husband Junior . The scripture-spouting Marguerite prays to save her hard-living son Royce whose chief ambition is a life on welfare . Family peacekeeper Lucille has her hands full with a money hungry funeral director , and her husband , Ray Bud , who would rather bury his family than his father . This is a good movie . Believe it or not , this is a movie that could be viewed by all family members . Little profanity , drug use , or sexual references this movie had everything a family movie could have . Great performances by Whoopi Goldberg , Darius McCrary and Anthony Anderson and stellar visuals , This movie has a place in my collection .
 This movie is shown pretty often on cable . But it 's a movie that does n't get too tiring to see . LL 's character is trying to keep the family together as the head of the household has died . Dealing with his own personal demons , he wants his father to be remembered . The mother , played by Whoopi Goldberg , has managed to remain calm throughout the whole entire movie . The overweight sister , never has anything to say . She is rather eating and admiring a man from afar . The younger brother has an affair outside of the marriage which has his wife , played by Jada Pinkett Smith in an uproar , causing her to break down and cry . Loretta Devine 's performance as the spiritual aunt stole the movie . She did a good job playing a bible-toting woman who kept her head up high through the bad times and good . This is an enjoyable movie to watch and strongly recommended .
 ... about a family , the Slocumbs , that gathers for the funeral of its patriarch , Bud , about whom his widow -LRB- Whoopi Goldberg -RRB- , asked by a minister to share happy memories , can only muster the words `` He was mean , and right surly . '' Whoopi 's character is as cool as the Buddha , except for one outburst of wrath at her bickering children.LL Cool J plays the son of the deceased , Ray Bud , a hard-working auto mechanic ; he contends manfully against alcoholism and a short fuse , while his wife Lucille -LRB- Vivica A. Fox -RRB- is a supremely sweet-tempered woman , unable to conceive a child.Another son of the deceased is Junior -LRB- played by Anthony Anderson -RRB- , who has lost all his money on an unwise business venture , and whose perpetually carping and combative wife Charisse -LRB- Jada Pinkett Smith -RRB- has just discovered another woman 's earring in the family car . She is ... not pleased . They have , in addition to their financial and marital woes , a trio of untamable children.There is a daughter named Delightful -LRB- played by an actress named Masasa -RRB- . She does not speak a single word from opening frame to closing credit , but steals just about every scene that she 's in.The American treasure Loretta Devine -LRB- Dreamgirls , Waiting to Exhale , Boston Public , Funny Valentines -RRB- plays Aunt Marguerite , a born-again Christian widow , whose son Royce -LRB- Darius McCrary of Family Matters -RRB- is a feckless party-animal collecting an unemployment check . Aunt Marguerite gives new meaning to the word `` Bible-thumper , '' as she is often seen whacking her son on the head with a copy of the Good Book , and calling him a demon.And then there is the minister , a good-hearted soul -LRB- Cedric the Entertainer -RRB- , prone to platitudes delivered lispingly , ample of appetite , and sometimes dyspeptic . As Whoopi describes her late husband in unflattering terms , we hear the minister huskily sigh and see him reach for his antacid.I found this to be an enjoyable and ultimately uplifting film . Not always subtle , no deep message -LRB- unless it 's the minister 's `` What is yesterday but the tomorrow we thought we could not face the day before ? '' -RRB- , but heartwarming , and an ode in praise of the cohesion of family with all its flaws and follies and foibles . Also , a message of trust in God , highlighted by some hip-hop gospel on the soundtrack by Kirk Franklin and company.But mostly , I found it funny . And find it funny , after having seen it several times .
 This movie was extremely enjoyable . Very funny and silly . I 'm sure there a lot of families just like this one . My husband and I thoroughly enjoyed this movie . LL Cool J was the best and most down-to-earth character -LRB- closest to normal -RRB- . If you like to laugh , you have to see this movie .
 Well , ladies and gentleman , I too have read the reviews , which give it the aura of movies like the Omega Code -LRB- if anyone ever will remember that mess -RRB- . But I watched at our inadequate AAFES theatre , and it was great ! Although the big fogiveness thing in the end was a little corny , the movie really showed a disfunctional African American family that had both the Godly side of their culture , and also the ` other ' side . ...
 This is a terrific movie . It was so heartwarming !!! Very Funny !!! Just a all around great movie !!!!
 I 'm in the play Dearly Departed which is pretty much the same as this movie , so I watched it to do some research on my character -LRB- Suzanne/Sharice -RRB- . It helped a lot and this is a really good movie .
 Saw this movie and could not wait to buy it . The whole cast is funny as hell and it is all based around a funeral . Cedric as the preacher was crazy and one of my favorite line &#34; When I die tell everyone I left you and bury me in the backyard - LL Cool J &#34;
 A rare opportunity to laugh til you cry with no foul language . Who knew LL Cool J was so funny ? A treat for everyone !
 This was a very funny movie . Not too many movies make me really laugh , but this one did . And it has a good moral ending , which you do n't see very often .
 This is one of my 13-year-old daughter 's favorite movies . I found it entertaining , albeit a little over the top -LRB- Jada Pinkett Smith 's character -RRB- .
 It is a simple , fairly clean comedy . I enjoy movies that I can let all of my children watch without hoping that the language and sexual content is accurately rated .
 We all have families composed of a great many differentpersonalities . Some are crazier than others but deep down if we considerthem family we love them . Kingdom Come shows up what happens when they areall forced to get back together for a tragedy.Whoopi Goldberg plays the long-suffering matriarch of the family whowatches her mean and nasty husband drop dead at breakfast one morning . Nowher sister and all of their children , except for ... well you know ... he ` sstill in jail , are all coming home for the funeral . The rest of the moviedetails how they all come together as a bunch of crazy , fighting individualsand end together as a family.The story was a little weak . A lot of it was stereotypical but theacting more than saved it throughout . In fact the performances carried themovie well over the top in quality . Whoopi played the quiet matriarchdispensing wisdom as needed . LL Cool J played her oldest son , therecovering alcoholic , who is struggling with his own fear of death and theinfertility problems he and his wife seem to be having . Anthony Andersonplayed the younger son as a dreamer stuck with a hot-headed wife andmultiple kids . Cedric the Entertainer portrays the town preacher as a manfull of advice ... and other more shallow problems near the end.I really enjoyed this one . It mixed drama with comedy from start tofinish and will be a part of my collection .
 There are quite a few good laughs in this dvd . LL COOL J has proven himself to be versatile ranging from hardcore rapper to gentle giant husband and big brother in this flick . Not much I could say about others in the cast . Wait ! Anthony Anderson , funny as always -LCB- get some di sum -RCB- , remember with Jet Lee ? Well back to the rest . Jada Pinkett Smith - slap-stick was she pregnant ? Vivica Fox was Vivica fox , is she acting ? Loretta was funny and Whoopi was ok . Cedric , now how many preachers has he been to date ? Toni braxton why ! what for ! ca n't act . It 's good to rent maybe buy used but nothing to build a collection around . Peace people no comparsion to SoulFood .
 This movie was extremely funny . Fantastic cast , everyone having their own issues . If you 're not in the mood for laughter , buy a horror flick , cuz this one will make the hardest of critics laugh at some point .
 A family patriarch dies unexpectedly ... and the only way his widow -LRB- Whoopi Goldberg in a perfectly executed performance -RRB- can describe him is `` mean and surly . '' No one in this extended family can really find anything much better to say for him , and yet they 're forced to come together for the man 's funeral . Some of them , apparently , have n't spoken in years . But invariably , as they combine to plan the funeral , they find themselves re-examining their feelings , not only about the departed , but for each other and even about themselves.Pretty heavy-sounding stuff for a comedy , is n't it?Trust me on this , it works as a comedy here . In fact , it works as a wildly -- and at times , wickedly -- funny comedy . It works for two reasons , primarily
 I love this movie . It 's funny how it 's usaully the movies you almost do n't buy that you like the best.I heard so many bad things about this movie I almost just rented it it , It was also a few dollars more then what i like to pay for a single dvd , But i bought it and was very happy I did . This is the kind of movie you can watch with your whole family unlike the eqaully good Soul Food that had some raunch that was not for the small kids.This is a realsitic family dram that is also very funny , I loved Cedric the Entertainer as the preacher with gas . The Dvd had a few features a Kirk Franklin Mary , Mary music video for Thank you and the trailer and tv spots as well as a four minute featurette that was too short too be enlighting . There is also A commentery by the Doug Mchenry the filmaker who directed the film that havent watched yet . Although I would have liked a few more features this is a great movie with a great transfer and sound . There is one other thing if you are planning to watch this on a small tv it 's a very wide transfer not 1.85 as the box states , It 2.35 35mm aspact ratio so it will be vey small and hard to see .
 Wow what a great cast . Movie had some very funny moments and some parts that were very touching and endearing . Great performance from Anthony Anderson , he is on his way to superstardom . Anthony and Jada have real chemistry and I hope they do another film together . Another standout performance from Vivica Fox . Clyde was my favorite character , he had me on the floor with laughter . The only negative thing is sometimes the script kinda made some of the characters look like caricatures instead of real people . Very funny performance from Jada .
 I really enjoyed this movie . It truly warmed my heart to see the values and struggles of the black family brought to the big-screen in such an endearing way . In fact , I think you 'll see how much the actors and actresses enjoyed their roles . What marvellous performances ! What an excellent story line ! I really wish that they had put more money into this film though . The cinematography seems a little low-budget , some close-up scenes are blurred . Nevertheless , the story line still shines true . I will definitely add this to my DVD collection ... somewhere between `` Gladiator '' and `` The Best Man . '' Well done !
 For the first time in horror history , the `` victimized '' woman puts on a pair of combats and changes from a long skirt into pants ... of her own volition ! Savini 's remake metamorphosizes the Barbara we 've all come to know and hate -LRB- did n't you want to feed the 1968 Barbara to the zombies ? -RRB- into a rational , quick-thinking individual with the power to lead AND follow . And for once ... the female does n't trip and cry at the most crucial moment ! All rise and hail Tom Savini . Just as the original Night of the Living Dead served as a social commentary on the time in which it was written , so does this remake ... . And , while it lacks that documentary-like feel that Romero captured with a low budget and poor lighting ... it speaks volumes on `` the power of the gaze '' .
 The transfer has bashed by many but Twilight Time released this statement on Facebook regarding the HD Blu transfer . `` It is very different transfer than the DVD , no doubt about it . However , as a transfer , taken on its own merits , it is excellent . We do sympathize however with those fans who wanted no difference ... which is why we have offered to refund those disappointed by it . But one thing is very clear -- this was not a mistake , but a decision made long ago , to color-correct certain scenes . We can argue against `` revisionism '' all day long , and many of us do n't agree with it . But it is very much the way of things at present . `` the Director Tom Savini also discussed the release also by posting this Facebook message . `` You know what ... I watched it last night and it 's beautiful . I ca n't see anything wrong with it and I watched it on my 70 inch high def Sharp `` The Above statement regarding refunds are only offered to those who purchased the Disc directly from -LSB- ... -RSB- -LRB- Not From Third Party Amazon Sellers -RRB-
 I loved the original movie and this version is n't half-bad . I do n't think it 's worth commenting on what actually happens in the movie . If you have seen or read about the original Night of the Living Dead you know , more or less , what happens.It cleans up the visual and audio problems of the original . There is less wooden acting . Let 's not forget that the 1969 version was , afterall , made by amateurs . Also , this version has some nice twists to it and there is some subtle humor . What happens to the snaky `` Cooper '' at the end of the movie will have you roaring with laughter.What prevents this from being a `` great '' film is that it follows the original too closely and there are a few moments where the story does n't seem to unfold naturally because it 's trying to hard to be consistent with the 1969 one . But , like I say , some things happen slightly differently . Perhaps the biggest change from the original is that `` Barbara '' is no longer a helpless female in need of protection from the men . By the film 's end , she reminded me of the heroine Sigorney Weaver from the Alien series . She 's a natural zombie killer!I 'm giving it 4 and 1/2 stars only because there 's no way it deserves to be on par with the original which gets 5 stars . Still , it 's a very entertaining movie and I highly recommend that horror fans get it .
 the remake was better than the original in my opinion , much better quality , the story was not an exact duplicate , but it was very close.the part that doesnt make sense is why / how could there be so many recently dead people turning into zombies in a rural area?and why would they be out there ? why so many recent deaths ? there can only be so many auto accidents , natural deaths in a day ? too many dead people for a rural area in one place
 I used to think zombies freaked me out , especially when I saw those types of movies when I was little . I openly admit that `` Resident Evil '' scared the hell out of me and I thought they did a great job of making that movie scary and creepy . Well ... the same can not be said for `` Night of the Living Dead . '' The zombies are goofy , slow , stupid , and not very scary at all . In fact the film is rather humorous at times when it 's trying to be serious . And yet ... I still found it all to be quite entertaining.For those who are looking for a movie that will make their skin crawl , give them nightmares , and make them scream ... well , I suggest finding another horror movie . Because this one is most likely going to do none of the above . But that does not mean you will not enjoy it . As stupid and ridiculous I found the movie to be , I still enjoyed watching it . I have n't seen the original , but I plan to being that I have seen this one and `` Return of the Living Dead . `` Zombies that are by themselves are pretty funny and humorous . However , I do admit when they attack in packs it does get a little bit creepy , but not by much . There 's really not that much of a plot , and the movie never really gives us a full or complete explanation of why the undead walk.One of the main problems I had with the movie is at the end when it tries to give us a `` message . '' I 'm all for movies having a message at the end ... but leave them out of the friggen ' zombie flicks , okay ? It 's already impossible to take the movie seriously , so please spare us the `` theme '' or `` message '' you 're trying to send to us . Horror flicks do n't need messages , or at least that 's what I think.I do n't want people to get the wrong idea and think I hated the movie , as it does seem I 'm being rather harsh . I really did like it and enjoy it . I enjoyed it for what it was . I was n't scared by it , and I laughed more when I should 've been scared , but it was still a pretty enjoyable flick.The DVD 's got some cool extras , such as commentary , trailers , widescreen and fullscreen versions of the film , a featurette , and more . The picture and sound quality is actually pretty decent , considering how low of a budget this film was made.Are you going to be scared by this movie ? Probably not . Are you going to find the zombies goofy and hysterical ? Most likely . Will you still be able to enjoy the movie ? By all means ! If you 're looking for a serious horror flick , then I 'd recommend you to look for something else , but if you 'd like a fun horror film , then check out `` Night of the Living Dead . '' It 's not the best , but it 's far from the worst . It is something I can see myself seeing again , without question .
 Tony Todd and Patricia Tallman star in Tom Savini 's 1990 horror remake of George Romero 's 1968 classic.A group of people are trapped in a farmhouse byhungry zombies . Tony and Patricia are great inthis and I like the make-up effects . This dvdhas decent picture and sound plus a making-of featurette and the trailer . I recommendthis good remake .
 I love this movie . I like all the actors and f/x . What a great idea of a movie and it is one of my favorites but the first is still better .
 Truly the best scary movie I 've ever seen . I 've set through it and enjoyed it everytime since . This is the one movie , that gave me nightmares for weeks . Why ? Because the movie seems so real and it 's really a scream .
 This movie kicked serious zombie @ $ $ . The original Romero verson started abrupt and bizarre , and it continued that way til the end . But the new one , yyyeeesss !!! There was color , there was gore , and it was just as good , then better than the first with a little extra humor and `` pizazz '' if you wish . If you want to see a kick-butt guy teamed with a kick-butt gal , plus some paranoid people , you should see this -LRB- still the best -RRB- zombie classic .
 I rate night of the living dead a great movie , woth great actors.I have seen over 10 times but it still scares me!It was nicely directed .
 This was the best zombie movie I have ever seen ! Its much better than ` Dawn of the Dead . ' It has a strange setting and plot , which makes it a good movie . It has decent actors , and the zombies look like zombies ! If you love exelent horror movies , watch this !
 I saw this when I was about seven and it scared my pants off . I always just thought it was my age . when I saw it again , recently , it still scared the crud out of me . a truly wonderful and scary movie !!
 Zombie heaven reborn ... . great tribute to the classic by the gore fx king tom savini !!!
 An excellent selection for the avid horror fan , lots of zombie goodies , and stringy entrails . Beware not for the fait of heart , or stoamch!Seven trapped people are alone in a deserted farmhouse , and deaperatly try to stay alive . Included are a sick little girl , and her parents , a teen and his girlfriend , and the heros Ben , and the heroine Barbara . An excellet selection for any occult fan . END
 a great remake , diffrent from the original but keeps the same basic concept , please if you love zombie movies this is a must own
 The thing is , that you are nearly all watching this movie for the wrong reasons ! A certain Mr.Tom Savini once on set in NOTLD 1990 to Fangoria magazine , that '' ... it 's not so much a remake as a retelling ... -RRB- This is it ! Have you notice when Barbara is walking up to the corpse of her beloved sibling that the camera shifts over to Tony Todd ? The film relies on you to have seen the original , and ` teases ' you about what is going to happen . You presume that she is going to engage in a fight with this zombie form of her brother . But , she does not . This is not a bad remake , it 's just a different movie , perhaps aimed at the worng audience . Another certain mr. , this time the famed Alice Cooper , said in an interview with british presenter Mark Lamaar , -LRB- Regarding his get-up and horror-based career -RRB- that `` People who do n't understand this take life way too seriously . People who stand rigid in movies like Friday the 13th and Nighmare on ... I mean ... those are funny movies . `` If you guys do n't like it , do n't watch it , and more importantly , do n't bore the rest of us about it . One previous angerate i agree with is that you should see the original first .
 I would put this remake in the same line as the original . Yes ! it 's that good . The zombies are more realistic looking . The actors are whom we seen in other horror films . The storyline is pretty munch the same as the original , with little changes . Barbara is more of a fighter , and kills her share of zombies . Own the vhs copy years back , no longer have . When brought and seen the dvd , it looks like it got more gore scenes . Ca n't be sure . But I do know is the end credits is different . The vhs copy shows a barn , but the dvd shows zombies in a bonfire . Either way it 's a must own .
 excellent remake better than the original in my opinion . All the same characters , Tony Todd was a perfect choice for Ben and the Cooper character is a bigger prick on this one than the original . Good story , very well done . I recommend this to zombie movie fans .
 Despite the Super Cheap Cover Art on every Home video version -LRB- VHS , Laserdisc , and DVD -RRB- Do n't let the Poor Covers Fool youNight of the Living Dead 1990 is one of the Best Horror Re-Make everAs far as remakes go it should be put high up and looked at by any Hollywood Producer/Director on how to do a Re-Make the right way!It 's the bench mark of Remakes That actually in some ways Over Shadows the OriginalTom Savini does George Romero Proud putting out such a Great FilmEven though the MPAA at the time had such a Strange Agenda dissecting any and all Great Horror Films plus some Sci-Fi -LRB- cough cough ROBOCOP -RRB- Even though the Original Version would have been Rated NC-17The Rated R Cut is a True Zombie Masterpiece that much like any George Romero Film 's has a Deep Social CommentaryThe Location they used was such a Great find , All the small Details between the Zombie Make-up , ect . are PerfectThe Cast is One of the Best Dream Cast in the Horror Genre!Tony Tod as Ben -LRB- Stunning Performance as a Actor he gets so over looked still to this day!Patricia Tallman as Barbara is also another Perfect Casting -LRB- The only major difference in Both Films is The Barbara charter which is night and day -RRB- The extras are Very goodProduction Notes , a Commentary Track by Director Tom Savini -LRB- Every Commentary Track Savini has done is very good ! -RRB- The Commentary Track alone makes this dvd ** a Must Own ** The Dead Walk Featurette is very interesting with some of the Workprint Footage in it along with Interviews of Various People , Theatrical TrailersColumbia Needs to do the Right thing and Put The Director 's Cut out on BR soonThis is One of those Unique Films that would do very good on BR I 'm sureA must See Horror Film Like i said before do n't let the Cover fool youIt 's a Personal Favorite 10/10
 As anyone would knows anything about horror movies Night of The Living Dead is the defining zombie movie from the 1960 's . Who would want to remake such a remarkable and defining movie ? Well , like any movie studios who want to make money they think that something that was a success in the past will be a success now . Oh , how untrue that statement usually is . However , this remake is the acception to the rule of remakes.We begin our journey through the landscape of a magestic countryside were two people are driving to an unknown destination to meet their mother . Continueing in we find out that their mother has died and they are going to a cemetary to pay respect to her , only to find two men , unbeknown to them , are the walking dead . These walking dead end up killing the brother while the sister , Barbara , escapes only to find herself alone at a seemingly abandoned farm house . Moments later a truck dashes up the driveway and a man -LRB- tony todd -RRB- gets out hoping to find gas to fill his nearly empty gas tank , only there is no key to locked gas pump . They both take refuge inside the house for the time being while the choas outside continues to mount.Hours later 5 people come up from the basement to investigate what is happening only to find the 2 who already are there . All must take refuge in the house to keep alive . Choas and fear arise outside . As time goes by , one by one , characters die , other characters grow as human beings , and few survive.This remake was very close to the original story done by George A Romero 's '68 original . However , there were some minor and one major difference in this version which I think added to the overall horror of the entire movie . Here we do n't find an explaination why the dead are rising and killing , whereas , in the original we find out what exactly caused the dead to rise . The major change to the movie was the actual survival and personal growth of one of the main characters , Barbara . In likeness of such characters as Ellen Ripley and Sarah Conner we find Barbara in the beginning of the story as a sweet innocent character who seemingly could n't hurt a fly . But by mid movie we find a character who obviously has completely lost it and is having to rebuild her own pysche from the ground up . Finally , growing into a different person completely ; who is resourceful , strong , and able bodied . A far cry from the original Barbra who in the end dies.Both Tony Todd and Patricia Tallman push the movie foward with their acting and ability to make the characters they play their own . Although , the acting from the other main characters are at times shaky they do a solid job with their characters and does n't detrack from the movie at all . The make-up and stunts of the movie are top notch . The overall atmosphere of the movie portrays a very real sense of dread and fear . A great remake !
 I know some people think Tom Savini is the devil for even daring to think about touching the classic original , but he made a lot of good , smart changes to the story and we all know the effects are WAY better . I really like the Romero movies because they have a lot of slow , spooky , get-in-your-head scenes , but this version of Night kicks butt on the first one . For the most part the characters are much smarter ! But why would anybody barricade themselves in a basement when all you have to do is go upstairs and then block or break the stairs , right ? Even if you could n't do that , you 'd crawl out the second-story window and then go sit on the roof where the zombies could n't get you and maybe a helicopter would save you . The basement is dumb . Barbara is also much smarter in this version . I thought Patricia Tallman made a great heroine and I liked it that she was good with a gun and good with her brains instead of being a wimpy little screamer . I totally recommend watching this one after the original !!!
 Romero fans , be prepared for a few radical changes ... hopefully you can view them as reflective of a new era and not as an assault on the 1968 original -LRB- that Romero was an executive producer and had a hand in revising the script should help -RRB- !! No longer is Barbara the catatonic , ineffectual `` zombie '' that she was in the 1968 version
 I saw the original when I was a kid and it scared me . Then this one came out . Aside from the little lack of blood and guts this film was great . Looking at the extra features of the film they actually wanted to show more gore , but * some * people thought it would be to violent for the movie so they cut it out . It is still one of my favorites . After this movie the second and third kinda went down hill . Take the time to see this one . It surely is a classic .
 If anyone can make this a great remake , it 's Tom Savini . This remake of Romero 's zombie masterpiece Night Of The Living Dead is a well made remake.I like the way how the characters in this film are different from the original one . Barbara -LCB- Tallman -RCB- is more tougher and braver . Ben -LCB- Todd -RCB- is not as ruthless as the original Ben , but he still has that big hatred for Cooper -LCB- Towels -RCB- , who in this film is more meaner , arrogant and only cares for himself . His wife Helen -LCB- Anderson -RCB- really is n't happy with him at all . Tom -LCB- Butler -RCB- seems like he 's more focus of getting out of the farmhouse . While his girlfriend Judy Rose -LCB- Finneran -RCB- is more of a scary cat . Even Barbara 's brother Johnny -LCB- Moseley -RCB- acts more like a older brother , if you know what I mean . Nothing different about the Cooper 's daughter -LCB- Mazur -RCB- , just her name is different in this one.Thefil may not have a lot of flesh-eating gore , but it 's still a great remake . The original is still better , but this remake is a great remake of the classic Night Of The Living Dead .
 The story we all know
 Usually remakes are not very good in my opinion , particularly last year 's Dawn of the Dead which was a major disappointment.But this 1990 remake of George A. Romero 's 1968 classic is one of the best remakes I 've seen . It has similarities to the original but ups the ante in action and suspense . It 's not as moody or stark as the original but it 's just as entertaining .
 I had n't seen this for years and , knowing I would n't find it on video , I thought I 'd grab the DVD . Not as good as I remember -LRB- zombie movies have come so far -RRB- but still an awesome little flick . I admire Savini 's passion for the film and it really shines through in the finished product . His commentary track is well worth a listen . Personally , I hate the original Night of the Living Dead ... this is far superior ... and I know I 'll probably go to hell for saying that . Do n't hesitate ... get this now .
 Tom Savini ruled as `` the king of splatter '' during the eighties ... why not give him a shot at directing George Romero 's 1968 classic `` Night of the Living Dead '' . Savini 's revision is an honorable remake . The special effects are great . Savini captures the creepy mood and atmosphere of the original . The cast of characters are likeable . Great job by Tom Savini . This remake should stand the test of time .
 I love the original `` Night of the Living Dead , '' finding it one of the funniest films ever -LRB- considering when I saw it , it was the second feature of a double bill with the original horrific `` Last House on the Left '' -RRB- . When Tom Savini announced he 'd be directing the remake , we fans of the horror film community looked forward to it , and he delivered big time . Also written by George A. Romero , the storyline deliberately tweaks a number of story and character aspects from the original film , making having seen the original almost a prerequisite , but not completely . this version even comes across as far more `` believable '' regarding the group 's situation . This remake stands alone well , but I must stress it does stand up Even Better when the viewer has full knowledge of the original , mostly to spot various homage nods .
 Between this remake , and the 3D remake with Captain Spaulding , this version is a LOT better , because it 's more true to the original . In this one , Barbra is tougher than her 1968 counter-part . At least Ben is black , not like the 3D version with Ben as a white college boy . The zombies are scarier looking . All I 'm saying is that the 1968 version and this one is hella better than the 3D remake with Capt. Spaulding ! If you love horror , remakes , and zombies , you 'll love NIGHT OF THE LIVING DEAD !!!
 I love Tom Savini 's remake . I like how this time Barbara is a much stronger character than a bumbling freakout in the original . This time played by Patricia Tallman -LRB- professional stuntwoman -RRB- . The effects and acting are wonderful . In no way is this better than the original . However , it is a nice facelift .
 This movie shatters the remake mold.Pay attention Hollywood , If you 're going to continue to churn out remake after remake , THIS is how you do it . Excellent cast , direction -LRB- by tom savini . -RRB- excellent special FX.If you 're a fan of the George Romero `` Of the Dead '' series , Add this disc to your collection .8 / 10
 I loved the original Night of The Living Dead and was pretty skeptical of a remake . I am glad that I tried it though , as I really enjoyed this movie and felt that it did the original justice . If you liked the original and just enjoy zombie movies in general , then pick up this one . It was worth every penny .
 Night of the Living Dead is a 1990 remake of George Romero 's 1968 classic of the same name . Directed by Tom Savini ; it stars Tony Todd , Patricia Tallman and Tom Towles . For this remake , Romero rewrote the original screenplay with John A. Russo -LRB- whom he had originally wrote it with -RRB- . Most of the film was handled by the same team as the original , with the exception that directing duties were handled by famed special make-up effects artist Tom Savini , who originally signed up with hopes of doing the make-up effects as he was not able to for the original film as he had military duty.It tells the story of a group of people who fend off hordes of the walking dead in a secluded farmhouse in Western Pennsylvania , only fueding between themselves which proves to be just as deadly . The story follows the same core story of the original but with slight alterations & changes . It was made on a budget of $ 4,200,000 but proves that great movies can be made on low budgets.Despite the fact that , when it was released , it garnered negative reactions from the general public ; I personally thought it was great film for its ' time . Tom Savini did a pretty decent job directing the film and , in my opinion , actually improved on certain things and commentary about the time in the film.Even though zombie fans of today are more discriminating in their tastes in zombie movies , this is a worthy remake of an old classic that every zombie fan should have in their collection . I really enjoyed it .
 `` Night of the Living Dead '' -LRB- 1990 -RRB- is a must have Romero remake . Noted special effects master and Romero henchman Tom Savini takes the legendary story and puts a modern -LRB- ' 90 's -RRB- spin on the tale . All the elements from the original are there -LRB- read
 I bought Night of the Living Dead as an impulse buy . I was n't expecting much , but the movie quickly became one of my favorites . After viewing this film , I went and purchased every of George A Romero 's `` Dead '' films.The movie is a powerful social satire . The start of the movie has some unknown epidemic causing the dead to return to life - the unknown force is slowly taking over the world . The dead are driven by one primitive desire
 this movie is great it stars sasquatch -LRB- bob saget -RRB- and a little irish man -LRB- richard simmons . it is about how the lonly sasquach helps the little irish man with his enormos growth in his shorts -LRB- or pants -RRB- the end is the greates big bird gets his by a charter bus . welll thats about it i got ta take a ...
 Esta versi&oacute;n de Tom Savini es por lo menos igual de buena que la original de Romero -LRB- 1968 -RRB- . La trama es virtualmente la misma
 A very good movie , not as scary as the 1968 version , it was missing the creepy music and the zombies were moving too slow , i mean barber turns brave like a mug , look they move so slow we can walk right past them ? you know if they can catch you , you will be eaten alive , but in this movie do not fear these zombies they were moving so slow , you could tippie toe past these zombies , for some odd reason the very first zombie in the movie look so powerful.but when you saw it try to walk ? It was a different story , but this movie was fun to watch with the Great make-up and action.Wanna know how slow the zombies are ? remeber the first zombie in the 1968 version ? it follow barber to the house ? it only took the zombie like 2 mins to get there?The first zombie in the 1990 version you did n't see the first zombie until close to the end of the movie , it was just getting to the house .
 This DVD is so tight , it has the man , Tom Savini 's commentary , it 's widescreen which is cool for a horror film , and on top of that , it 's BETTER than the original . I 've seen a lot of horror flicks , almost them all , and Night of the Living Dead 1990 on DVD is one of the BEST !
 The original scared the hell out of me , this one is no different . A modern day version of the classic that started it all . If you liked the original you will enjoy this too . A little different story , but 95 % the same . I actually like this one better . But it 's not as good as the original , nothing can top that one . The end has an interesting moral to it . Pure hell on earth and pure enjoyment ... THEY 'RE COMMING TO GET YOU BARBARA !
 This is a great flick , and an awesome remake of a classic great movie , this is a must see for any Tom Savini/Zombie movie/Horror movie etc. fan ! Gte this one now !
 Tony Todd in his greatest role ever ! No good . its better than nothing ben . NO GOOD ! Uncle Rege deserved an academy award for his portrayal of a bloated corpse . You bunch of yo yos ! BRAVO !
 this film is a true cult classic and led to many successful future sequels -LRB- the living dead quadrology , not the Return of the living dead series , George Romero was truly ahead of his time with this film and it 's social commentary has a very high and dramatic impact on 1960 's culture .
 Awesome remake of the original classic Night of the Living Dead.Colorized , modernized -LRB- somewhat -RRB- and a very good movie . I purchaed in on VHS several years ago , and recently purchased the DVD version when I got my new DVD player and HD-TV , and have already watched it twice in 2 months.This movie is a nice one to kick back with on a cool , dark night with some pop corn , soda and some flickering candles .
 I suppose it 's all been said , but I 'll give it a shot . : -RRB- First , the -LRB- decidedly amateur -RRB- comments : Having seen all the Romero flicks and enjoyed the Dawn of the Dead remake , I would have to place this movie somewhere beneath these previous flicks . The makeup effects I ca n't fault ; much better than the original . But , of course , effects do not a great movie make . The acting was all right for the most part , but a bit stilted at times ; I think the leading lady was trying too hard to be rough and tough . I much prefer the efforts of someone like Sigourney Weaver , who managed to maintain her character 's humanity realistically through the `` crisis moments . `` Okay , enough bellyaching . All in all , I 'm still glad I bought this movie ; I freely admit to being a zombie fan , so I guess you should take that into account . I see it as a fond `` tip of the hat '' to the master . It follows , for the most part , the tried and true formula of the original script ; a true remake , I think , rather than a `` reimagining , '' which puts it in a different class than the new `` Dawn . '' I guess this is mostly what I 'd expect Romero to try out if he had it in mind to `` do it over again . '' I just think he 'd do it better , that 's all.If you like the `` Dead '' films , do try it out . At the very least , it will inspire you to revisit the classic and see it in a new way . Just try not to over-analyze it ; not much social commentary here beyond the most basic.Thanks for reading my ramblings . ; -RRB-
 Better than the 1930 's version ?? Mmmm , I 'd love to know WHAT version that is :--RRB- ?? Anyways , nice to see this film in widescreen . Disappointing to some degree that the sound is not full 5.1 surround ... and what is this 2.0 surround ??? However , the plus is that the sound uses left , right front as well as center ... so it does provide some ambience , but little use of the subwoofer.The print is a good transfer.If you are after this version , I will assume that you know the original story , and likely this edition as well . However , if not , just suffice to say that the edition is a fun horror blast.The Featurette has some edited content , that shows that the producers could have done an unrated cut , but unfortunately did not . Savini is very informative in the feature , and the few cast members who participate in interviews reveal a lot of the elements in production , and behind the scenes work ... a nice touch.Savini 's commentary has a nice touch , and adds a lot of background info , but he kind of `` zones '' out at points , and just stops talking , but mostly he has some interesting comments.Overall , for the price that Amazon is selling this for , it is a decent item , and a far better edition than the VHS version that you might have seen .
 This movie has got some great acting in it . Patricia Tallman -LRB- Barbara -RRB- plays a good part of being a woman running from the zombies after one of them killed her brother . She found a house same goes for Tony Todd who plays -LRB- Ben -RRB- is the barvest of the group he was in charge of bording up the windows in the house with wooden boards of doors .
 Now I know many will not agree with me but this remake was as good if not better than the original . For one , I like the Barbara character in the remake better . I also prefer the ending in the newer one . Also the graphics are of course better , which is to be expected.So go get this movie and enjoy .
 A while ago I saw Dawn of the dead . It was a pretty bad movie , so I expected the same for all of George A. Romero 's dead movies . But I was wrong . When I saw the original Night of the living dead it was a pretty good movie when I saw this one it was a pretty good movie too . With this remake of Night of the living dead they added a lot of more violence and blood and gore . Not that it was bad or anything but it was more violent than the original . I have not seen Day of the dead but I hope it is pretty good too . It is a movie a would recommend to anyone who likes horror films with a lot of blood and gore .
 this is one of the best remakes ever made , just as good as the origional . My hats of to Tom Savini , that guy is a horror god !
 Seven strangers are trapped in a farmhouse while cannibalistic zombies roam the countryside around them . Great remake has alot going for it , including its superb cast and director Tom Savini -LRB- who surprisingly does n't pile the blood on -RRB- . Romero 's update of his own script in ingenious , and filled with nice modern touches . The music is electronically-composed , but still is eerie and effective . The zombies are both , in turn , scary and comical . The only thing wrong with this remake is the fact that it does n't have the gritty authenticity of the original , which was created by the black and white photography . However , I still highly recommend this film to you and strongly suggest you check it out ! Remember I did rate this 4 stars !
 -LRB- 1-5 -RRB- Gore Factor
 So you 're George Romero , writer and director of one of the most influential horror movies ever , Night of the Living Dead -LRB- 1968 -RRB- , and it 's some twenty odd years later and you 're executive producing a remake of said movie . Who do you get to direct ? How about special effects master Tom Savini , the man responsible for the horrifying effects in Dawn of the Dead -LRB- 1978 -RRB- and Day of the Dead -LRB- 1985 -RRB- ? Seems a pretty good choice to me ... Night of the Living Dead -LRB- 1990 -RRB- stars Tony Todd and Patricia Tallman as Ben and Barbara , respectively , two individuals who seek refuge in a farmhouse as a legion of hungry corpses descend upon them and soon find the house not so much a haven as a claustrophobic nightmare . They also discover they are n't the only ones in the house , as there are five people locked in the basement . Emerging from their hidey-hole are Harry and Helen Cooper , a married couple , and Tom and Judy Rose , a younger couple , Tom 's uncle being the owner of the house . Also in the basement is the Cooper 's daughter , Sarah , who has become ill after being bitten by one of the undead -LRB- guess where that 's going -RRB- . A diverse group , for sure , and one that finds itself at odds in if it 's better to fortify the house or retreat to the fairly secure basement . Harry thinks it 's best to go into the basement and bar the door , but Ben would rather board up all the doors and windows , using the basement as a last option , as there is only one way in and out and he does n't want to trap himself down there unless he absolutely has to ... Harry , who is quite vocal throughout , thinks this plan foolish and says once he goes into the basement and bars the door , he wo n't open it for anything , regardless . As tensions flare , night falls , and the dead begin arriving in greater numbers , I guess sensing the warm , living flesh they so crave to be inside the house . As the situation grows worse , an escape plan is formulated , but the plan soon falls apart , and it 's back to the house . Who lives ? Who dies ? Is rescue in the wings , or should they just put their heads between their legs and kiss their hinders good-bye ? It 's always a sketchy affair remaking a film , especially one that 's deemed a classic and definitive representation of its ' genre . Look what happened in 1998 when director Gus Van Sant released a remake of Alfred Hitchcock 's Psycho . A total and tremendous flop ... Yes , I am sure there was a awful lot of apprehension to redoing a movie that really did n't need to be redone , but the end result turned out an interesting update , remaining true to the original while adding a few surprises along the way . Tony Todd is excellent as Ben , and is definitely the strongest characterization in the film , bringing a lot of what Duane Jones did in the original , while adding personal nuances to make the character his own . Patricia Tallman 's character of Barbara starts out the same as the original played by Judith O'Dea , but goes through some serious changes by the end , allowing for the a modernization of the character to fit more along the lines of the strong female lead , as seen in the Alien films with Ripley , played by Sigourney Weaver . Was this for the better ? I am still undecided , but it certainly made interesting viewing . The character I found most annoying was that of Harry Cooper , played by Tom Towles . His portrayal was overblown to the point of being silly , with his constant yelling , screaming , and berating of other characters . The Harry Cooper in the original was a jerk , for sure , but at least you got the feeling it was a jerkiness borne of overriding desire to protect his family , even if his plans were at odds with the rest of the group , allowing for viewers to develop some empathy for the character . Here , the character is played as a bonehead to the nth degree , and it only served to , in my opinion , disrupt the flow of the film . The biggest difference between the original an the remake is obviously the color factor , but one will also notice that the undead are much more detailed than in the original , due to a much larger production budget . You can tell a great amount of effort was taken in this area , enhancing on the original film . The film was n't quite as gory as I thought it was going to be , but that 's pretty well explained in a making of featurette . Seems in order to avoid an X rating , these scenes were either removed or toned down . Savini did n't seem too upset about it , as he felt , and I agree , that sometimes what you do n't see is just as effective as what you do see.The disc has the wide screen presentation on one side and the full screen on the other , and includes some good special features like trailers , production notes , commentary by Savini , and a 25 minute making of featurette called ` The Dead Walk ' that highlights a lot of interesting facts about the movie , along with comparisons to the original . Also in this featurette are some of the scenes that were deleted to get an R rating , along with alternate , more visceral scenes that were toned down in the release . If you liked the original , chances are you 'll get a kick out of this film , as I was n't disappointed , and I usually despise remakes.Cookieman108
 Tired of the poor remakes released today that completely butcher the originals by comparison ? Tired of some unknown director putting his own personal twisted and butchering a classic film , throwing too many new elements into it ? Were you angered by the remake for the Texas Chainsaw Massacre ? Well then you will love this remake from 1990 of Night of the Living Dead!With only one major change and several minor ones , this movie pretty much follows the original exactly . Why was this movie done so well ? It was directed by none other than Tom Savini ! For those of you who do n't know , Tom Savini is a legend in the special effects/gore/makeup department . He 's worked with George Romero before in Dawn of the Dead . Tom Savini is a man who knows how to do things right and knows how things should be done . This remake is an example of it.While I do n't consider it to be better than the original , its still is very entertaining and it never angered me . It contains more gore but I was somewhat disappointed . I felt that there was n't enough gore , but that 's probably because my favorite zombie film Dead Alive has spoiled me . Anyways , the one major change is that Barbara quickly turns to a traumatized expendable into a heroine wielding a shotgun . It works rather well.If you enjoy the original and have seen all four of Romero 's Dead films -LRB- or at least the original -RRB- , then go ahead and buy this because the price is only Seven Bucks !!! I doubt that a special edition will be released anytime soon because it 's a remake , but its definitely worth the price which almost make s me want to give this five stars . Holly Wood needs to compare the originals with the remakes so they can then realize either the right way to remake a movie or to just leave them alone all together . Alright enough with this review ; just go out and buy or rent it , you wo n't be disappointed . Hoped this helped .
 Roger Ebert once told me that the secret to making a good thriller is to make sure that it ca n't age . The best thrillers never get old , and never lose their edge . Movies like `` Halloween , '' `` The Silence of the Lambs , '' `` Henry
 I 've seen all three versions of Night Of The Living Dead ; the 1968 original -LRB- in glorious black & white and beautiful color -RRB- , the epic 1990 remake -LRB- this one -RRB- , and the nonsensical 2006 version -LRB- avaialbe in 2D and headache causing 3D -RRB- . The 1990 Night Of The Living Dead is the best -LRB- or is at least equal to its 1968 counterpart -RRB- . While the 1968 version has its merits , this version has those and more . One improvement is Barbra -LRB- portrayed by the lovely Patrica Tallman -RRB- actually does something more in this film after the opening , in this one she takes Ben 's advice and rises to the occassion . Ben -LRB- Tony Todd -RRB- is as heroic as he was in the original , if not a bit more and his rage seethes just as much with loud mouth Harry Cooper . This time instead of just being suspenseful , it actually has a feel of raw horror to it . My only complaints are that it was n't directed by George A. Romero -LRB- though Savini does an excellent job -RRB- and then with the DVD , the deleted scenes are not it , it just seems like a tease in the featurette to show two of them and not include the rest . If you want to see a great film buy or rent Night Of The Living Dead -LRB- 1990 -RRB- , but make plans to view the sequels of the original and the original itself .
 `` Their coming to get you Barbara '' , but this time Barbara is ready for them . A remake of the original classic `` Night of the Living Dead '' . A modern retelling based on a updated scripted by George Romero and directed by Tom Savini.This is pretty much the same story as NOTLD ' 68 , but with better effects and a few new twists . The recent dead have returned to life and now seek the flesh of the living . Seven strangers are trapped in an isolated farmhouse struggling with the horror that awaits them on the outside and the tension that will eventually destroy them on the inside . Romero re-introduces all our favorite character
 Yeah I said it , this movie probably would be okay without Tony Todd . But I probably would have only gave this movie 3 stars , for some reason he does a lot low buget horror movies like `` scarecrow '' -LRB- which hes the best actor by far in the movie -RRB- but anyway he brought the intensity into every scene , and if something like the living dead would ever to actually happen hischaracter his role in this movie would be ideal to have in your group of survivors . It sucked he had to die in the movie , but his role in this movie is the only reason why I watched this movie so many times .
 Now , I 'm not trying to hate on the original . Obviously , it 's a classic . But , come on . It 's boring . It 's black and white and slow . And I 'm sure it scared your parents and was shocking and all that good stuff . But it needed to be updated.The two main characters -LRB- including the CandyMan -RRB- deliver some great acting . I 'll admit the other characters are a bit weak , but that 's made up for by the zombies being incredible.This movie really shows -LRB- by driving the point home a few times -RRB- how humans do n't know how to treat each other . It 's not just a horror movie . It actually has a point to it and makes a humanitarian statement . Rent it , buy it , whatever . But check it out . It 's a great movie .
 Tom Savini 's Night of the Living Dead has some of the most interesting extras on film . This is a great movie ! It is frightening on many levels , the cast is wonderful and the rewriting brings the movie into the present in a terrifying way.I prefer this version to the original , mostly because Barbara is not a catatonic fruitcake . Also , the ending of Romero 's film just makes me so mad I want to scream!Patricia Tallman makes her character real . She plays a frightened but strong and rational person dealing with an insane situation . She is definitely a predecessor of roles like Alice in 2002 's Resident Evil , even if she does not have the amazing kung fu skills that all our modern genre heros seem to come with.Tony Todd is an amazing actor , and any director is lucky to have him . His description of events offscreen is eerie and sets the perfect tone for the story until later , when things get a little more desperate.Tom Towles makes a wonderful creep-I love to hate him ! He 's a cad , a jerk and worse as the family man who just wants to hide instead of accepting the truth.The best thing about the DVD version is the really neat commentary by director Tom Savini . It 's just him and the mic , but he has alot of interesting things to say about every aspect of the production . The story of how he came to direct this film is recounted , and Savini seems to have something fascinating to say about each and every actor , extra and crewperson on the set.A featurette about the film is included in the disc with more good stuff to watch . The extra cost of the DVD is totally worth the money , and a must-have for living dead fans everywhere.I am always finding more reasons to love this film !
 I like both versions equally . The original had atmosphere , the remake had better looking zombies . All in all , I highly recommend this movie . Check it out !
 Wow!When I first heard about this remake , I thought the worst as the original `` Night of The Living Dead '' is a horror classic and as most `` remakes '' generally stink , I was n't expecting much.But it was great ! A real horror treat!In a time when really good horror films are few and far between , this film delivers!Tom Savini 's direction was fantastic , especially this being his first time . George A. Romero 's rewrite of the original script was well-thought out and features a stronger 90 's type woman and a great twist ending.The zombie makeup and special effects are far superior and the acting is grade A.I 'm not knocking the original , but was more than pleasantly suprised at this trip back to the world of the dead.Bravo !
 Im a great fan of the 68 version and this remake by Tom Savini is very impressive . I would have to say that I prefer it the slowly dating original . This film has genuinely good acting and great suspense . Also the Zombies are the best looking ones yet . One thing that I feel must be mentioned about this film in homage to Tom is how technically brilliant it is . The texas chainsaw massacre type soundtrack is very atmospheric and creates a good tension . I was very impressed by John Vulich ` es special effects as well . The making of featurette clearly shows that they were aiming for realistic physical contact shots . For example the scene where Johnnie falls onto the tomb stone or the scene where the Uncle Rege zombie falls over the bannister , you really see his head smack on the floor . That would kill any man . Other parts show zombies being smashed in the head with iron bars or baseball bats and being kicked in the stomach . That is clearly the strength of this films special effects and makes up for the lack of head entry gunshots . I think it is very well directed too with great lighting and creepy shots of zombies . There are moments that make me jump as well such as the head hitting the window or the First appearance of a Zombie come to think of it . The Zombies ooze as much character as the protagonists in this version . Tom Savini has really followed the old school horror film guidelines and has crafted a film that in my opinion is as scary and technically proficient as Carpenters Halloween . The film manipulates fans of the original -LRB- plot changes -RRB- enough to warrant owning both versions . I hope he makes another Zombie or horror film . The picture on this DVD is incredible . Ive never seen NOTLD look this good and the sound is well ballanced . There is a good commentary track that mentions how the film has been strerilised from how it once was and Savini feels that this adds to the films atmosphere because when you dont see the violence you can imagine it in your head allot worse . The extras are enough to satisfy any fan . Id recomend this to any Romero Savini fan . Ill shut up now but I think its about time that this film was hailed in the Classics book . It is the best remake ever . OUT .
 In the 1968 NOTLD -LRB- if you havent seen the original please watch before you watch this version -RRB- the character of Barbara was a scared , stunned , stereotype of woman . The men were the strong protective ones , while she cowered and Meeped and covered her face . In this 1990 version , Barbara kicks undead bootatie like she was born into it . We think that Barbara -LRB- played by pat tallman -RRB- is mousy with her giant glasses , muted shoulder pad outfit and the 10 minutes of screaming in the beginning but soon with Bens -LRB- Tony Todds -RRB- presence of mind she changes into an assertive leader who becomes the lone voice of reason till the end of the movie . This version mimics the original , They even tried to cast people with the exeption of Barbara who looked the same . Bigger budget and color makes this a worthy remake , although to me the black and white one was much creepier . Tom Savini on the featurette explains that they tried to make everything look as real as possible anatomically , when they used dummies instead of stunt people we were not supposed to tell , and for the most part he got it right except for two instancesa -RRB- When Barbara 's brother is attacked by the cemetery zombie they fall together and his head hits a tombstone with fatal results , you could tell that it was a dummy , the way it bounced instead of just freefalled.b -RRB- When Uncle Regis attacks Barbara in the living room and she takes a crow bar to his head its shot from behind Uncle Dead guy , again obviously a rubber Dummy on some sort of Dolly , the crow bar bounces of the head instead of inflicting the type of damage it would usually do with that kind of force.Two more complaints I had were the `` mouse '' eating incident , where they kept the camera on the zombie too long , long enough to see that the dude was n't going to eat it . And the ending montage shot in sepia , which I suppose was shot to be artistic but came off instead as an unnecessary final shot.Overall it was a satisfying addition to the `` walking dead '' genre . The makeup was amazing ; the zombie extras were believable in their slow hungry driving quest for human flesh . The `` zombie '' of the movie award has to go to the daughter zombie , her glazed Skippy little shuffle and braces !! The worst zombie award goes to the Mother she just looked like she needed a Tylenol and a cup o coffee . I wish that Tom would make more like this instead of his upcoming film Vampirates .
 Yeah , that 's right - Romero got it right this time . Quit your `` if it 's not B&W ; , bad acting , terrible effects and zero budget then its not worthy '' whining . This is a new century , and people expect believability and accuracy in movies these days . Even Romero knew it , and that 's why he re-wrote the script.Consider the following :0 . Say this out loud until this undeniable truth sinks in
 Without a doubt , this is one of the best horror movies I have ever seen . The intensity and suspense really start to pick up speed at about ten minutes in , and it does n't let up until the end credits . Although it would be impossible to top George A. Romero 's phenomenal , original ` Night Of The Living Dead ' , Tom Savini 's 1990 version truly is an excellent remake and an all around superb horror movie . Out of the countless zombie flicks that I have seen , I highly regard this as one of , if not the best . If you are looking for a movie that best depicts what it would be like if the dead were to rise , then I suggest you immediately look into this film .
 First of all , I was one who ended up paying a premium for this disc from one of the resellers . I bought it knowing full and well that I would probably not like it after all the bad reviews I saw here on Amazon and around the web . I still paid for it though , because I really do love this movie . My family is from Evans City , and I grew up watching the original movie , which to me , will never be surpassed . I have always loved this remake though , because it was very well done , thoughtfully re-imagined , and done with respect to the original and through the proper channels . With all this in mind , I decided to give the disc a shot and judge this edition for myself . The truth is , a little bit of what everyone from both sides are saying is true . Is n't that the way things usually go ? Here is what I found ... The HD quality of this film is stellar ... it is a million times crisper than it ever was before . While it maintains a reasonable and in my opinion needed amount of film grain , it 's as crystal clear as I would ever want a blu ray disc . That being said , the film IS darker than the original print . However , it is not nearly as dark as the screen captures on the net would have you believe . In my opinion , those were taken on a television with some horrible settings , or they were photo-shopped to stir up controversy . The latter is probably closer to being the truth . From what I see , the filter is just dark , and not at all `` smurf '' blue as some have been saying . The darkness that this print of the film now has is , in my opinion , more in line with what it should have been in the first place . I always thought the original print was a little bright , but after seeing this I think it was WAY too bright . This being said , there are a few scenes which are maybe just a little too dark , but those probably only entered into my mind because I was constantly looking for and expecting to find problems throughout the entire film . On the subject of the picture , I never did pick up on the part where Tom 's shirt looked `` painted on '' . Not saying it is n't there , but I was looking for it specifically and I missed it . Will look for it again on a subsequent viewing and update if I see it.Even though I think the darker print looks better , I do have some minor problems with it as well . If it were possible , they should have certainly tried mixing down the damn bird noises you hear when Barbara and Ben are running around outside at the beginning of the film . I realize that birds do , and regularly hear them sing late in the day and at night where I live , but not to this extent . To me , this just seemed a little goofy , and sort of a give away that the dark contrast had been edited in later . My verdict on the picture quality , including the filter is a solid 4 stars . In my opinion , if the original 1968 classic had been filmed in color -LRB- very thankful it was n't , but still -RRB- , this is what the lighting would have looked like.On to the sound . Once again , a major improvement here . Just like the picture , the sound is crisp and clean . I have not heard the 5.1 mix yet , but the difference from the standard DVD copy is better beyond compare . The musical soundtrack is clear in all the right spots , and really does a lot to add to the mood . I ca n't wait to hear it in surround ! Two small problems I did notice though . First of all , other reviewers are correct when they mentioned that in the scene where Harry is shooting at Ben , we ca n't really hear the click of the empty weapon . As someone who has mixed sound semi-regularly for different music and film projects over the years , I 'm not entirely sure how this could happen taking into consideration that the rest of the mix is great.My second issue with the sound , and my greatest overall annoyance with this release is something that likely wo n't bother a lot of other people . They took the camera shutter sound effect off the rotating pictures in the credits ... to me , this highlighted the obvious homage to the ending of the original film -LRB- even though the sound was n't present in ' 68 -RRB- , and called back memories of the use of the same effect in TCM which worked really well and was pretty unique . My guess is that in order to do the new sound mix , they just replaced the entire audio track instead of re-mixing the old one when they went to revamp the sound . Docking my audio mix score by a whole point because of this , but it 's just personal preference . 4 stars.Overall , I am happy with my purchase of this disc , even at the slightly inflated price I paid . The fact is , this IS a limited edition , and of pretty small quantity . Others are already standing in line for the very few copies that were returned to Twilight , so it 's going to remain sold out . The decision to pay the price for a copy on the secondary market is yours , but for the 60 dollars that I paid , I am satisfied and would recommend it at that price . This disc has effectively replaced my DVD copy , and while not perfect , is to me at the moment the best available version of this classic film .
 This is THE BEST version of `` Night of the Living Dead '' It fixes a lot of plot problems from the original , and has much better portrayals of the characters . These actors play their roles with much more passion and drama than in the other versions . They really immerse you in the story/action . If you are used to the original version , watch this with an open mind and remember that everything has room for improvement .
 On August 16 and 17 , I went to my first horror convention , which was HorrorFind 2003 in Maryland . I came along for one reason
 George Romero did the right thing when he picked Tom Savini to remake Night of The Living Dead . Tom did such a great job with this movie . The effects are top notch for the time , it keeps you on your toes like it 's supposed to . The Zombies are really first rate best looking zombies in an American made zombie flick . Tony Todd 's acting in this is also first rate and he deserves a lot of credit for his job in this . He really makes the movie work and you really do feel for him and Barbera both . I would love to see Tom Savini 's original cut of this before the sensors got too it , it would be a gore fest . The Documentary on this DVD is great and getting to see some of the edited scenes is great too.I bought this for Halloween and i have yet to celebrate Halloween without watching this movie they just go hand in hand it 's the perfect movie for a halloween night Fright Fest . With this DVD and John Carpernter 's Halloween you just ca n't go wrong.I also think Patricia Tallman did an excellent job as well and really liked what they did with her character in this as compared to the first one . That is just my opinion but i really like this movie .
 Its really not as bad as everyone is saying . Its a little dark but not that bad . People are making it out to be more than it is . Most of those people are the die hard fans of the DVD that want it to be as bright as that . The transfer is decent and is Watchable . I am keeping my copy .
 Currently , the movie start with Barbara and her brother enroute to the graveyard . However years ago , the movie started with the introduction of the first , the one zombie walking through the graveyard . He was introduced as the murderer of a little girl and it showed his trial , execution and then him rising from his coffin killing the burial detail before he heads in Barbara 's direction . I do n't know why they edited this part out . It gave the movie a little more substance. , ,
 Most people like to complain that Barbra got strong in it , but i think it added alot to the movie . Also more zombie shots were really cool . The only thing that could 've made it better would be if at the end Barbra still got ate by a zombie ... in particular Johnny . The irony in Ben 's death is also miss , which disapoints me . But i do like how Barbra kills Mr. Cooper in the end .
 Super classic , a must own for zombie fans . However when I was little I did n't recall wanting to punch the blonde chick in the face that screams way to much and way to loud in this movie .
 Although this 1990 remake of the scariest film I have ever seen is notanywhere near as scary as the 1968 original , it is still a very goodfilm and has improved with age and repeated viewings . I first saw theoriginal NOLD upon the initial 1968 release at a drive-in , again in1970 at a drive-in and then not again until around 1980 on VHS video.In the interim I was lucky enough to find and buy the originalpaperback edition of the 1974 Warner Books novelization . In the remake , Tom Savini does a fine job with the director 's chair and the filmbenefits hugely from two very strong performances from Tony Todd andPatricia Tallman . The make-up effects , on-location filming and musicare also all first-rate . It is a very worthwhile film despite being aremake of a true classic . It does not attempt to be equal to or betterthan the original . It does n't copy the original scene-for-scene anddialog-for-dialog . Although the plots are indeed very similar , theremake offers some very unexpected twists and enhances some characterswhile it somewhat changes others . And for those who have seen theoriginal film but not the remake , steer clear of reading spoilers forthe remake 's ending . It was a touch of pure genius and wo n't be at allwhat you will be expecting . See the remake but do n't compare it to theoriginal classic . It stands very well on its own merits and evencompliments and pays homage and tribute to the 1968 version .
 This movie had a lot great things going for it before I ever watched it . Horror master Tom Savini helmed this remake . Beside his years of horror experience , he had first-hand knowledge of the original and paid respect in his remake . Second , horror alum Tony Todd was leading this ensemble cast . The dude has a commanding onscreen presence . Since Savini was directing , he probably could n't handle doubling as special effects director , so he delegated the chore to his team . Now , the original is great , but the effects are where this movie really shines ! The gore effects are awesome and had come so far for its time . Now , we got all that CGI digital crap that is so obviously fake onscreen . This movie will satisfy the gore-hound in you !
 Ive been watching this since I was a kid . I hope the remake this movie . Love it and dont have any complaints about it .
 it 's great , you 'll love it . Tom Savini , Big George & most of the original team put this baby together . not garbage like day of the dead remake or the action packed yet not nearly as good as original dawn remake .
 This movie is awesome and I am so glad I found it on dvd . The picture came in good quality and I highly reccommend buying it !! A + + + +
 This is one of the best romero remakes ever made . This is a must own for any zombie fan .
 This movie was true to George A. Remero 's origional concept with the addition of making the characters more 3D than 2D in the origional version . In this adaptation the characters are not stereo typed but real and more believeable . I have to ask why they did n't try to out run them in the first place ! Bravo to this wonderful remake !
 This and the Exorcist are the only two horror films that still scare me . Night Of The Living Dead for different reasons.If black and white was ever essential , it is here . Even in the opening scene , the cloudy , grainy cinamatography gives the absolute creeps . The plot-which I wo n't deal with-only gets doomier , and so the tention gets heavier throughout the film . The lights go out , it is dark outside , and the camera makes the house look claustraphobic . Shadows , big , deep ones , lurk all over this film
 Warning
 ... matches the original in many ways -LRB- it is a remake , after all ! -RRB- but puts an interesting twist on the end . Recommended .
 Barbara -LRB- Patrica Tallman -RRB- and her brother Johnny -LRB- Bill Moseley -RRB- are just out from the city to visit their mother 's grave in the countryside until they get attacked by a ravenous rotting man that looks like a ghoul and it kills Johnny . She escapes into an isolated farmhouse where she joins up with a large black man named Ben -LRB- Tony Todd -RRB- to keep her company away from some of the vicious flesh-eating ghouls that are outside and there seems to be some kind of phenomenon going around in the state of Pennslyvania of the dead coming back to life . Some other human survivors like the Coopers -LRB- Tom Towels and McKee Anderson -RRB- , Tom -LRB- William Butler -RRB- , and Judy -LRB- Katie Finneren -RRB- join up with them as they must try to survive a living nightmare of pure horror.Gory remake from director Tom Savini based on George Romero 's timeless masterpiece is quite an enjoyable one but not quite nessecery one . Romero steps as executive producer of this movie with make-up effects artist Tom Savini as director as this one remakes the original in color with a few different things then in the original including the ending . The acting is quite good and the casting is well done , i 'd say this is inferior to the original classic and i still think `` Dawn of the Dead -LRB- 2004 -RRB- '' was a more successful remake cause that did something different then just the same old thing like this one.This movie is presented in a great transfer with sound quality that is awesome and the extras are nice too like audio commentary , featurette , trailer , production notes and talent files .
 WARNING
 The 1990 version of the immortal `` Night Of The Living Dead '' tale - the newly dead rise from the graves and a group of strangers seeks safety by barricading themselves in a farmhouse that is quickly beseiged - is in many ways actually even better than its legendary predecessor . Certain elements from the original are admittedly truncated - the ` news-reel ' footage from the first in which a tv set in the farm house plays out reports across the country as the characters inside go about making preparations - is virtually absent , for example . But that was one of the better parts of the first NotLD , and shortening the parts that were already perfect , and building up other aspects that were n't as developed the first time around , may have been wise . The character of Barbara is a good example of this . One of the pair of siblings -LRB- in both versions -RRB- that first encounters a zombie in the graveyard , in the first movie the character had little to do once inside the farmhouse ; the male characters took over the focus of the movie . In this remake the character -LRB- played by Patricia Tallman -RRB- becomes one of the two leading figures of the survivors , along with Ben -LRB- Tony Todd -RRB- . With the other characters , the 1968 original set them up very well with differing reactions to the situation and differing personalities ; in the 1990 remake those same characters are expanded on and used to even greater effect.The action this time is ratcheted up , with a more violent , intense and gory assault by the dead ; excellent special effects stand up brilliantly 18 years after this one 's release . Inividually not as dangerous as the fast , savage zombies in theDawn of the Dead -LRB- Widescreen Unrated Director 's Cut -RRB- remake or28 Days Later -LRB- Widescreen Edition -RRB- / 28 Weeks Later -LRB- Widescreen Edition -RRB- the zombies are a bit more aggressive and monsterous-looking than in the '68 original . All the different takes on the living dead - the slow , human-looking shamblers of the original , the berserk beasts of 28 Days/28 Weeks , or the ones sort of inbetween , can work great if done well ; this remake may be the definitive take on this particular breed of living dead . And the movie itself is a quintessential horror film , definately one of the field 's essentials .
 Tom Savini pulled it off ... to make a spooky , creepy , dead film !! I especially like the sound track during the film ... that soft , twingy , sound during the moon rise at the beginning and other times in the film.For me , that spells SPOOKY man !! Where is Tom now and when is his next collaboration with George?RM Leal
 Tom Savini brilliantly directs this color remake of George Romero 's 1968 horror classic . The story is the same , seven strangers are trapped in a farmhouse while zombies rampage outside . As a huge fan of the original `` Night of the Living Dead '' I was a bit skeptical about this movie . After watching it , however , I was thoroughly pleased with this movie . It is just as good as the original film , and in some ways a little bit better.Obviously the movie was gorier and the special effects were much improved , which is a plus in any zombie movie . However , the most important aspect of the film that makes it better is the growth of the Barbara character played by Patricia Tallman . Instead of being passive and quiet , she took action , killed some zombies and was more important to the plot . The argument scenes between Cooper -LRB- Tom Towles -RRB- and Ben -LRB- Tony Todd -RRB- were much more heated and intense than the original . Overall the acting by the entire cast was surprisingly good . The movie was much better than I expected and I highly recommend it to anybody who is a `` Dead '' trilogy fan or a zombie fan .
 Usually remakes are terrible , but not in this case . Savini had Romero on board as a producer and really did not deviate from the original NOTLD . He found a way to mordernize the film and stay true to it 's integrity . He did change things a little mostly the ending but did it a way that left Romaro fans very happy . Savini 's respect for George Romero is seen in this remake . Weather it is Martin or Dawn of the dead the Savini/Romero team really shine . The movie opens much like the original and stay 's remotely close to the original movie for most of the film . Of course Savini throws in his own changes and the final plot twist is different from the original NOTLD . Savini show 's promise as a horror movie director here and as always the special affects are great for the era .
 If the media truely was non-dogmatic , and everyone truely had equal opportunity , then this movie would win best movie award for the year of 1990 . Thankfully , the media is VERY one sided , they only give you more diversity within one of MANY sides . We do have equal opportunity , but , that too comes with its hidden burdens.Regardless , I can not see Tom or George at the grammy awards , getting `` jiggy '' with britney and madonna as they engage in a child mother like lesbian tongue twist , and then proceeding to accept there award ... unless of course the Oscar was molded into one HArd Core Zombie ! Hell , then I 'd even allow George to say something like , `` yo diggity dog , you 're my hoe Tom '' . What ever , commercialism sucks , hail to the underground , hollywood would NEVER touch this !!!! P.S. Amaze yourself , go check out Dawn as Well , totally NEW zombie film that happens to take place in a mall .
 *** MAY CONTAIN SPOILERS *** I 'm a fan of The Three Stooges . So I had to enjoy this movie . Night of the Living Dead has big similarities between acting , directing , and plot . The most powerful , is the way the movie plays gags so bad and over-the-top , they 're laugh-out-loud funny.Night of the Living Dead is a brilliant satire . Not of horror , but of human nature . How easily scared humans are , and how idiotic they act when they get afraid.The creators of this film must have had a lot of fun . At several points , the actors were having a very hard time trying to keep from laughing their heads off . They almost ruined the film ! For example , the redhead was almost in tears over how stupid the zombies looked . The zombies themselves were roaring their heads off , groaning and slouching like teenagers , who really , really needed to go to the bathroom . Everything in Night of the Living Dead is funny.There 's nothing so cute as a movie that makes fools out of the gullible part of the audience , getting them to take the plot seriously , then making a joke out of it . It 's a childlike mischief that gives you a warm feeling inside.This is a good movie for your kids to watch .
 I SAW THIS MOVIE ABOUT 1 YEAR AGO AND IT WAS GREAT ! pATRICIA tALLMAN IS GREAT . THIS MOVIE IS GREAT . i FORGET WHO THAT GIRL IS WHO GETS BLOWN UP IN THAT CAR ! I BUYING THIS NEXT WEEK SO I WILL BE WATCHING IT ALL WEEK .
 Well the story line in this version was almost identical to the original , and it had better looking Zombies or should I say , they 're scarier . Although this did n't quite live up to its predesesor , there 's only one man who could have done any better Than Tom Savini , like maybe George Remero himself . Seven people joined together in an boarded up isolated farmhouse to escape the walking dead outside . I have to give Savini credit for his effort . I gave this film 4 stars for its make up , and good effort . I would have given it a 5 but it did n't have the erie atmosphere as the original . I own this on DVD and it stands 4th in my zombie films . Night , Dawn , Day , and this film . Good job Savini . This film gets two thumbs up .
 Tom savini has truley created a perfect re-make of this cultclassic zombiestory.It turned out to be better then I thought it would be.It is pretty much the way I wanted the Romero version to be with this re-make . A modern version with modern effects in a classic story.See it , or what the h ** l , buy it !!
 Having been a fan of Romero 's `` Dead '' films , It was kind of weird to find out that `` Night of the living dead '' was being remade , by non other then the makeup master of `` Dawn of the dead '' Tom Savini.The plot is essentially the same to the 1968 original
 The original Night of the Living Dead is one of the most popular movies and has developed one of the largest cult followings in the world . While not a part of such a following , I found the original to be extremely entertaining and VERY scary . This 1989 remake is no exception . In some ways , it is almost SCARIER than the original , mainly because the setting is more modern , at least for those of us born in the very early 80 's . Scary and nerve-wracking , you will not be disappointed . This movie gets under your skin . A little gross , but not overblown in any way . The cold , late summer/early fall Pennsylvania setting is very atmoshpheric . Not recommended to watch alone ! Out of personal experience , I first saw this movie when i was around 9 years old . That was over ten years ago . I was afraid to go outside at night for weeks . Great movie . If you are a horror fan , by all means buy it ! But make sure you also invest in the original from 1968 . while the remake is ALMOST scarier , the original still stands as one of the scariest movies in horror history .
 follows almost perfectly the plot of the powerful unforgettable oringal . pays good respect and homage to romero whom himself was even involved.in some ways i think this was better made than the oringal but still nuthin beats the classic one .
 it 's scary every time I see it . and a good but differet ending than the origional flick .
 As far as re-makes go I feel that this one is right at the top . We really need to get this film released on Blu-ray asap . I think Savini 's fx will really shine on the new platform .
 Out of respect , most filmmakers , especially first-timers such as Tom Savini , avoid attempting to remake classics.I understand there apprehension , some things are best left alone.This is a very rare instance in which i 'm grateful someone was willing to take a chance and update one of the most influential independent horror films of the last 30 years.Filming in Black and White added to the original 's sense of dread and terror , but the remake utilizes color to great effect , enhancing the tension , impending sense of doom , and the horror of being surrounded by animated corpses.The two leads carry the whole film almost singlehandedly , with strong performances in a genre that can easily lend itself to comedy , and caricature.The special makeup effects are genuinely gruesome , and chilling , while simultaneously beautiful and entrancing.The living dead never looked so good , or realistic.The music is also utilized to great effect , capturing the intense feeling of dread , confusion , mistrust , and paranoia.In an era of soulless mega-budget fluff with dazzling computer effects , this perfect blend of horror , action , and drama comes highly reccomended to fans of the genre.Arguably one of the top 5 horror films of all time .
 An unfortunate distribution error left the cast and crew of NIGHT OF THE LIVING DEAD penniless after the film entered the public domain in 1968 , but the 90 's brought about a big-budget remake that allowed George Romero and company to recoup some of their lost earnings . After spending much time over the past decade designing the makeup for such creatures , who would be better suited to direct the remake to NIGHT OF THE LIVING DEAD than the great Tom Savini ? Savini does an excellent job in his first feature film , keeping mostly in line with the original with the exception of a few character alterations and the grisly special effects . NIGHT OF THE LIVING DEAD is best known to Horror fans for introducing Tony Todd into the genre in one of his finest performances as Ben . Todd brings a strength and seriousness to the role that legitimizes the remake . Tom Towles and Patricia Tallman are very good as well , in an all-around great casting job . Forsaking the stylized designs that he used in DAWN and DAY OF THE DEAD , Savini instead goes for grim realism in the look of the undead , complete with pasty skin and cataracts . Some of the events in the film have been rearranged to maximize impact , while also giving something fresh to the fans . This includes a powerful new ending that stacks up against the original . Although it rarely strays from Romero 's earlier version , NIGHT OF THE LIVING DEAD 1990 is a worthy remake of the 1968 classic.-Carl ManesI Like Horror Movies
 Old school , not the original but its the version i liked the most , i remember back when they aired this on tbs on saturday nights but its not that gory and very little cursing but i enjoyed the acting and story line , thats what counts .
 This movie scared the bejeebers outta me as a kid , so much so , that it traumatized me . Literally . I remember thinking that zombies were indeed real and that the time was coming when the dead would rise and begin cannibalizing innocent people . I would get paranoid and frightened anytime my father drove near a graveyard ! The point is , this movie frightens me to this day . The effects are so frigteningly real -LRB- Savini actually visited morgues and looked at cadavers in order to get the details of rotting flesh down to a T -RRB- that you can almost imagine how horrible the smell would be just to be near one of the walking dead . The acting is great , and Tony Todd is indeed the actor who does a more superb job than the rest of the cast . My only complaint is how Mrs. Cooper met her demise . I wo n't ruin it for those who have n't seen it yet , but the original had it better by how they killed off poor Mrs. C. I found the way she met her maker was more frightening in the original and would 've been an excellent tribute to the original had they decided to go that route . Other than that , I have no further complaints . The zombies are super scary , esp the guy in the opening sequence who looked as if he climbed right out of his coffin . I rarely watch this film b/c of the traumatic effects it had on me as a kid , but when I do , I still get nightmares ! Call me soft if you want to , I could care less . I just know that this is one of scariest horror films in history . Thats a bold statement to make , but I stand by it , and I 'm convinced that the majority of you will agree once you view this film . Not for kids , obviously ! Keep that in mind if you 're the type who lets young children watch R rated horror films .
 I 've seen this movie many times in the past , and always thought it would make a great addition to my movie collection . Found it used here on amazon for a great price ! it was deliverd quickly , and the dvd was in excellent to perfect condition ! All around great deal , and would purchase again from this seller !
 I love this remake of the 1968 version . I think it beats the original . The story is changed a little but other than that it still has the same characters as the first . The zombies are more real than the original and it being in color oppose to the original makes it even better . I think this is one of the greatest zombie movies ever made .
 George a Romero my favorite director of all time made the og version and he trusted savini to direct the remake it and it was awesome.savini did a great job with this film he put his own twist on it I loved it if you have not seen it see it buy it now you will not be disappointed if you liked the og you will want to watch this one great zombie movie savini is awesome
 By the time you get to reading this review , I 'm assuming you 've already read several of the others . If not , do so before finishing mine . I 'll go scrub the toilet while I wait for you.Alright , now that you have all the specifics , here 's what I think about this version
 I love remakes and finally one has been liked ! I did like the original and this one definitely surpases the first in every way . The characters were far more devoleped and likeable . And really creepy music !
 This a better film than 68 version in every way ! Best of all color ! I was starting to think it might never hit DVD . Thank god
 The film looks fine on blu ray . I was lucky enough to actually get one of these on blu ray from screen archives . the print is in great shape with no lines or scratches . And it looks CLOSER to what you say in the movie theaters in 1990 than the dvd version was . So the ` it 's too dark comments '' are not reasonible imo . In fact the only complaint I can give this one is that the whole twilight time idea of making only 3,000 copies is a VERY BAD IDEA . Why ? 1 . because after they go out of print there are still in demand . 2 . the higher prices scare off many buyers of non cult flicks . Sure the horror and sci fi ones sell out but the others are just too expensive to go for . 3 . at this price you think you are getting a criterion edition with lots of restoration . That 's not the case but for this movie they had a really EXCELLENT print . on others they are not as good at all . 4 . more money could be made by keeping a item in print on a for order basis at a lower price , more buyers equals more money . 5 . rip off sellers buy ten copies then sell them on amazon.com for a large profit . I am grateful to twilight time for getting many movies out to us , but who can afford to grab that many of them ? Horror fans may only collect horror but I like the other great flicks this company put out too , films like ; `` the egyptian '' , `` pal joey ' and others are good classic movies and deserve more of a chance at a wider audience . surely keeping movies in print at a lower price is a better idea than this strategy , unless sony only lets them have the rights for a 3,000 print run which is dumb on sonys part . Anyways this is NOT a BAD print , it 's far better than the dvd , and it 's NOT too dark , it looks fine , with excellent detail . the print was well maintained over the years . Unlike lets say ` the tie that binds ' from four years later which has lines and scratches in it . As for the movie , it 's very close to the original in tone and story , almost a complete remake . ALthough the zombies look better than the original version the movie is not gorier , in fact compared to ` dawn of the dead ' -RRB- original or later this is not that gory with most of the violence being off camera , it ' s more pg really ! . Still the acting and the story is good and the film looks fine . Sadly few of you will be able to complete your zombie collection due to this being limited edition . this is a solid higher budget a zombie flick that actually played in every city in america back in 1990 . Non horror fans might rate this lower but it 's a well made horror movie .
 One thing i come to understand with george romero 's movies is that they all have moral meaning.he uses images from the evil of mankind to put his movies together . tom savini served in the vietnam war and a lot of his work is influenced from what he experianced there.to the tortures and cruel inhumane acts thats took place there.people adore his movies because of the gore and i constantly here people say how cool he is and always compare him to luci fulci.the evils of mankind is not cool george romero expresses his feeling through horror on the cruel ways of mankind . at least that is what i felt when i watched this movie when she watches the living hang the dead upside down and they start laughing a shot them . reminds me of the germans of world war 2 . she then says we are them and they are us . the images that really stuck to me was the end with the pictures and creepy music . This film creeps me out and really makes u think how scary it would be if something like this really happend .
 If you love the original Night of the Living Dead , get this . The dawn of the dead remake recently made was fantastic , and this movie is just as good as that . Basically , this movie has the same plot and characters as the original . The cast is wonderful . Tony Todd is perfect . He is like Duane Jones , just with a deeper voice to make things sound cooler.There are some things changed in the plot which , in my opinion , improve upon the original . The ending , for example , is different . It is perfectly done though.If you like zombie movies , get this . You wo n't be dissapointed .
 If you 're not a fan of black & white so much , this is the one for you ! It 's a great remake and I love Tony Todd ! You wo n't be disappointed , this is the most scary movie to watch !
 this movie would have blown the original away -LRB- yeah i said it -RRB- if it was longer and more detailed on the things that ben saw before coming to the house and meeting barbera.savini also wanted to do more if he had a better budget.but this is how remakes should be done.even jaded remake `` haters '' had a hard time justifiying their hatred of this film.there is no justification the movie was just good .
 This remake of the orginal night of the living dead was one of the best and a classic for George Romero . This one is first in Color and next it makes Barbra strong in character and even tho the black guy gets killed again in the end he is still sum what a hero . This is a very must see movie and it wont bore you like other , walking dead movies . I feel this one is a classic and wish for more from George Romero , cause he is very good at what he does .
 From the very beginning of this remake of the original film , there appears to be little specs of video erosion throughout the film . I also have the VHS version , and there are n't any specs , which makes me believe that it is an effect that was put into the DVD version since most DVDs are recorded from the original prints . The picture sharpness otherwise looks great , the Director has a full and informative commentary track , a 25 minute featurette shows behind the scenes material , and during the featurette is 3 or 4 deleted scenes that did n't make the MPAA cut . If you just want the film and do n't care about the extras , get the VHS , but if you 're somewhat interested in the extras , get the DVD . If you 've waited for this DVD for months though , the picture imperfections may be quite of a downer if you prefer only a 100 % grainy picture or a 100 % perfect one when DVD buying .
 after hearing all the bad things said about the transfer i watched my copy and in MY OPINION , the film has never looked better . i watched it on my toshiba region free player on a 1080p hi-def tv with a HDMI hook up and it looked good to me . i 'm keeping my disc . i just wish Twilight Time would limit how many copies people can buy , the same day it was made availiable for pre = order on their site , some guy on ebay had it listed for $ 70 & had 10 copies for sell . UPDATE
 I felt compelled to comment on this flick . I loved the first one . And , I love the remake . The addition of color and a bolder , sexier Barbara only adds to the film . They did n't change the original theme of the movie . Just enhanced it ! I own the Millenium edition of the first film . And I own the 1979 remake . Lov 'em both , but prefer the remake !!!
 If the internet had been nearly as popular in 1990 as it is now , I 'll bet the IMDB message boards would be filled with protests from outraged fans of the original -LRB- the way the message boards on Dawn of the Dead are now -RRB- . I 'm pretty sure that when this came out , there were plenty of people screaming blasphemy . But , I 'm almost ashamed to say this , I found this remake even better than the original , and the original is a classic ! It launched the zombie genre of to incredible popularity , and it 's a just plain amazing movie . I rented this earlier the other day , not really sure what to expect . What I found was that this movie was much more entertaining and exciting and suspenseful than the original . It moves faster , has better effects , better acting , the works . Also , it throws in plenty of little plot-twists so a scholar of the original could still be surpried . From the get-go , things are n't as they seem . We think we know what 's going to happen , but then it 's totally different and unexpected.The biggest change in this flick is the Barbara character . No longer is she a whiny little pansy who just sits around and cries . Now , she shoots zombies , she stabs zombies , she fights zombies , and she finally points out what I 'm sure many fans of the Dead trilogy have known for a long time . `` They 're so slow ! '' she observes . `` We could just walk right past 'em . We would n't even have to run . `` The acting is very impressive . Tony Todd is outstanding as Ben , improving on Duane Jones ' excellent performance from the '68 version . Patricia Tallman is probably the best in the movie . Stong , capable and determined . Tom Towles is great as the scumbag , and his wife performs admirably . William Butler is pretty good as Tom , but his girlfriend is definately the worst performer in the movie.Tom Savini , as well as being an amazing make-up man , proves himself to be a capable director . The movie has plenty of style , and the action scenes are exciting . The make-up in the film is appropriatly gross -LRB- though nothing compared to Dawn or Day -RRB- and the zombies are a big improvement over the ones in the original.Roger Ebert and other critics may have hated this movie , but trust me when I say that it not only lives up to the original , but also improves on it . The two movies are also different enough to warrant owning both -LRB- Millenium Edition for the original -RRB- .5 / 5
 Horror remakes never spark excitement among fans or critics , and usually for good reason - remember the horrible `` Haunting '' and `` House on Haunted Hill '' remakes ? Or the abysmal `` Psycho '' remake ? However , Tom Savini 's remake is surprisingly effective and well crafted , it defies the cardinal rule that says horror remakes , invariably , suck.The story has been told numerous times , in both George Romero 's and Lucio Fulci 's zombie movies . This remake has some notable differences from the original . For starters , the heroin is stronger , more of a fighter than the catatonic Barbara that Judith O'Dea played in the 1968 classic . The other big difference is the blood and make-up effects . Director Tom Savini has only gotten better as a make-up and SFX artist over the years , and he makes each zombie stand out with his prosthetics and make-up attachments . The gore has also been substantially increased . The dialogue , which often borders on the absurd , is also modernized , with plenty of four letter words and colorful lines . Having said all that , this is not necessarily better than original -LRB- there is no way it could have been -RRB- , but it can stand alone as a good , solid horror film . Tom Savini proves with this remake that he can direct as well as do SFX , so it is a wonder that he did n't direct more often.For people buying the DVD , there are some solid extras that make it worth the price tag . The best feature is the feature-length commentary by Director/SFX artist Tom Savini . He is an eloquent speaker , and gives plenty of insight and interesting tidbits . There is also a nice featurette entitled `` The Dead Walk '' , which consists mainly of behind-the-scenes footage . It is neither the best nor the brightest of featurettes , but it is fun nonetheless . What also deserves special mention is the cover art for the DVD , which is fantastic.Horror fans will find a lot to like in this 1990 remake , while cinema purists will no doubt find plenty to dislike the film in equal capacity . For me , I really enjoyed this version , and have always considered it to be a good horror movie in it 's own right . The DVD package is good value , and an easy recommendation for any horror enthusiast .
 This movie scared me a lot more than the original black and white version . It had a lot more action , suspense , and horror . Barbara is different and fights back against the zombies . She gets pretty wild acting . The movie did not get boring either . I like this one much better , but the original will always be a true classic .
 This is one of my favorite horror films ever . I like this remake just a little more than the original . The reason I like this one more is because of Patricia Tallman 's character . She does n't whine the whole time as the lead female did in the original . She 's right alongside Tony Todd 's character kicking Zombie -LSB- s -RSB- ! That 's the other reason I like this film better . Tony Todd . A better lead could not have been casted ! He does a wonderful job.As far as just how scary this movie is , I think the original was a little scarier . The reason I think this is because I believe that the dreadful feeling and sense of helplessness was captured better in black and white . Do n't get me wrong though , as this remake does offer up many scares.One reason I think this is such a classic is that it 's completely original . Seven strangers boarded up in an old farm house , while zombies are all around , trying to get in and eat them . I ca n't think of many situations that could be more terrifying ! Great horror film .
 That line is part of the opening in this remake of the ole black n white Romero flick . I prefer this remake to the original . The make up is superb and there isnt a lot of gore . This is perfect flick for the entry level zombie or even horror fan . The character changes in the new are a welcome
 The original Night is an excellent film . The remake is also a well done film , although it could have been a bit gorier , -LRB- I mean , they went from Day with its visceral carnage to this one , which does n't get into much zombie tearing of flesh -RRB- . Seeing past that this is a great film which I recommend to any zombie freaks out thier . It has a lot of good moments , I especially like the scenes where Tony Todd wrestles through a pack of zombies to get to the house , very amusing . I love these films because I can watch them again anytime and they still are very enjoyable .
 In my opion this is the greatest horror film of all time , and is far superior to the original . This is one of the few remakes that exceeds the original . The reason for this is that George Romero himself wrote the script , and thusly this is more like what he wanted to do . All the terror elements that made the original a success are still here
 This DVD is good . I enjoyed the color , its very clear on this DVD ! I also liked seeing the trailer because I do n't remember when it came out . The overall best feature on this is the commentary with Tom Savini . I do n't know why there 's a trailer for `` The Tingler '' though ... The making-of feature is a really good thing too ! I also enjoyed the talent files that help you find other films if you like this one . Word of advice , unless you 've already seen this ... I suggest not watching the commentary part first , he kind of gives away upcomong scenes , I would suggest watching the orginal first ... IT could help , and you wo n't have to worry because they 're different
 This is a fantastic remake of the original , far superior in my mind . The character strength , especially Tony Todd and Cooper , make this one of the greatest movies of all time ! The picture quality of the DVD is pretty good and the deleted scenes are worth the price of admission . I 'm glad they finally came out with it after releasing about 20 different versions of the played out original . I 'd also like to note that the cameo by Eethy was phenomenal ! A must buy .
 I 've seen both this version and the older , original version of Night Of the Living Dead . And as a teenager , I find this one MUCH better . It would always scare me -LRB- and make me sit away from the windows in my house -RRB- and make it hard to sleep that night . It is the best zombie film i 've seen . If you 've ever liked any of the other ones , you 'll like this one .
 Night of the living dead , this film is notorious by the name only , I think this is justified . This remake is not unlike the original , yet has many new twists added , so therefore it becomes a new film in its own way . Imagine the original B-Movie , but with handsome special effects and grotesque ghoulery . If you 're a fan of the original , you owe it to yourself to buy this film . And if you 're not prepare to become one
 `` Night Of The Living Dead '' is a must for all those horror , and especially zombie lovers out there . Although this movie was created in 1990 it still had great effects , will send chills down your spine , and have you sitting on the edge of your seat . It takes affect in a small town in the states , only a very few people are not zombies and are stuck in a house . They get together and find nails , wood , and board up the house they r in . From there all scarey and very life threatening situations begin to unfold.I am gon na keep quiet with this one ... but it is a definite one to watch and buy ... even rent itA definite horror classic
 Very good digital transfer of an excellent horror remake . Director Tom Savini does an excellent job making zombies scary once more , breathing new life into a somewhat clich&eacute;d genre . Plenty of thrills and scares . Patricia Tallman -LRB- Barbara -RRB- and Tony Todd -LRB- Ben -RRB- are both superb in their roles as unlikely heroes . Plot twists and turns keep you second guessing . This is NOT one of those awful cornball cheesey black comedies . Night Of The Living Dead '90 is a must see if you are a fan of the genre but if monsters and ghouls really are n't your thing then even this probably wo n't do much for you.Digitally remastered , good quality picture and sound . Widescreen AND Full Screen included -LRB- on either side of the disc -RRB- , movie trailer , plus director commentary and a making-of featurette . Pretty much all you could hope for as regards to special features.How dare they remake a classic ? Tom Savini dared , and he might even have improved on it !
 This remake to George A. Romero 's classic is greatly entertaining ! The zombies are awesome , aswell as the acting and the atmosphere . I enjoy this one more than the original . Tom Savini , make-up great did a wonderful job as director . I hope he 'll end up directing another film one day . His Vampirates is unfortunately in financial limbo .
 i honestly do not understand why many people find the original NOTLD to be better than this version . It has better characterization , better zombies , better story . Granted , it 's not as creepy , but it 's much more interesting . The acting is a little transparent once or twice , but Tony Todd 's performance more than makes up for that . Furthermore , this version is more philosophically intriguing than the original , which is always a plus . Overall , i would venture to call this easily one of the best horror films ever .
 This film is my favorite of all the zombie flicks . I liked the ending and it was a good update to the original . Barbara 's character is stronger than the first film , which is fine . The effect in this film is a whole lot better than the first one , even though it 's in the nineties . If you enjoy these type of movies I suggest that you invest your time to view this film .
 Although this movie is based on George Romero 's Night of the Living Dead , it felt very different . Perhaps it is my failure to appreciate 1960s era characterization and pacing . Here , you have two strong characters , male and female . The transformation of the female character is a bit surprising -LRB- how does she turn into a crack shot ? -RRB- . I do feel that her emotional transformation is congruent . She 's finally externalized her personal demons , and realized they can be overcome by shooting them in the head . What was she before the movie started ? A nurse ? Social worker ? Secretary ? Regardless , she overcomes a lifetime of waiting and enduring to come out with guns blazing against obstacles . `` What I was is dead now '' . Go girl . If only she was in the sequel , much like the Aliens saga followed Ripley .
 Based on George A. Romero 's 1968 cult classic `` Night of the Living Dead , '' Savini 's version portrays Barbara -LRB- played by Patricia Tallman -RRB- as a strong heroine lead who conquers her fears -LRB- e.g. , witnessing the death of her brother Johnnie and seeing zombies that just wo n't die -RRB- and shows a resolve not usually seen in people facing seemingly insurmountable odds -- such a being trapped inside a secluded farmhouse surrounded by mindless zombies , with no transportation in sight.But looking beyond the zombie crisis -LRB- whose origins were unfortunately not fully explained during the course of the film -RRB- , the personality dynamics of those trapped inside this Western Pennsylvania farmhouse are the true stars of the film as they tackles a number of issues such as
 I 'm a HUGE zombie fan and can honestly say from the bottom of my heart that Savini 's remake here is a heck-of-a-lot better movie than the original . Not just in effects and dialogue -LRB- which are still two good points -RRB- but also in the storyline as well . Unfortunately there is n't a good DVD put out that gives this movie much care for by adding a great digital picture , clear soundtrack and cool bonus features that most DVD 's have today . Maybe nearing the 2010 mark there will be a `` collector 's edition '' or something to mark the 20th anniversary . I still ca n't believe Netflix does n't have this movie in their library . I e-mailed them on it a couple of times but to no avail , so i ended up buying this bad copy here on amazon . I guess i ca n't complain , it 's still better than watching it on the vhs i have . : -RRB-
 I really enjoyed this remake written by the master himself , george romero . I liked the character devlopment better , and these are some of the best zombies i 've seen . I only wished that savini had gotten to film his extra stuff and make an unrated version . That would have been great . I liked this film , honorable to the original , but with good enhancements , some I find better .
 I thought this was a great remake , I think it was more exciting than the original , although the original is somewhat sacred to some folks , more or less . I thought they REALLY improved the opening scene ! It was MUCH more exciting that way ! And the entire movie was thrilling , or so I thought anyway . It did need some good old flesh-chomping scenes , tho . I still totally enjoyed it !! Definitely worth watching .
 Frankly , I ` ma fan of the originals ... you know the ones . The black and whites that would hardly scare a thirteen-year-old of this `` modern world '' . But I must say , this movie is wonderful . And alot more scary than the original , of course.So I 'd recommend this to any zombie movie buff , and trust me ... I am a zombie movie buff !
 This new version of the classic is amazing . when I saw it the first time i was kind of a little dissapointed because of the different ending this new version had . I supposed director decided to do it so , to give a little twist to the orginal ending so we would get some more of the night of the living dead . Even though I think the original ending is better , the new ending is not bad , and the remake itself has better special effects and make up . All George A Romero 's Living Dead sequels are outstanding movies , there not supposed to be scary , but they are , the real plot here is to make you think , how inhuman the human race can be . I strongly recommend you to see Dawn of the Dead and Land of the Dead and you 'll see what i mean ...
 ok ... this has got to be , the best , one of the most influential zombie movies ever . The Story line , great , filming style , great , acting ... come on ... most of them are zombies . The style of filming ... its like it was filmed through a home video camera , adds greatly to the effect . Almost like a documentary . Plus , the black and white style , genious almost . It gives it an eerie feel . They went to butcher shops to get the meat the zombies are eating too ... cool . Anyways ... buy this movie .
 This would have to be one of my favourite remakes of any Horror movie . Tom Savini weaves his tale with a deft hand as Ben and Barbara are trapped in a farmhouse surrounder by zombies . They are soon joined by the insufferable Cooper who thinks the only safe place to be is in the basement which Ben readily -LRB- and rightly -RRB- disagrees with . In this movie the zombies are slow and shuffling which is the way they are supposed to be instead of being fast as in the lamentable recent remake of Dawn Of The Dead . Mr. Savini realizes that true Horror fans still have a long attention span and are not as yet corrupted by 3 minute flashing music videos on MTV.This movie is destined to become a Horror Classic .
 I bought this movie at a video store on VHS . I saw it along time ago on cable and i thought it was good . I searched for it at the video store Blockbuster but they had the original one . I wanted the remake with Tony Todd . Anyways this movie was a great remake , There was one part that was extremely disturbing.It was when barbara 's brother johnny is wrestling with the zombie to save her . Johnny makes a mistake when The zombie puts him in a full nelson and trips him , johnny hits his face on one of the corners of a grave . Johnny landed so hard that he impaled and broke his face and neck simultaneously . -LRB- Now That has got to f ***** G hurt -RRB- . This was the most disturbing and realistic scene throughout the whole movie . Take my advice watch this scene in slow motion with your vcr , It is disturbing and nail-bitting . Great job savini !
 Personally when I saw this in the 5th grade , it did not scare me one bit . I loved all the killing of zombies and of course `` Theyre coming to get you Barbera '' . I recently watched it and it scared the Hell out of me ! I also watched the origional which has a different storyline than this but thats okay . I like the origional almost as much as I like the remake . Barbera goin catatonic in the 1st movie kept annoying me anyway . Iv ' e read quite alot of reviews trashing the director for changing the movie . Keep in mind he just directed it , you should be attacking the writers . I watched Dawn of the Dead after this which is still my fav . of the trilogy . This DVD is to ... die for , MAHAHHAHHAH
 I enjoyed this movie thorughly ! I thought this was a classic remake to a classic movie ! Excellent but corny acting , but all in all a great movie !
 ... This movie is horror , what is not scary about corpses rising to eat the living?If you have never seen it or have never seen this version the remake it is worth your time.Not as good as the original version but the zombies do look quite frightening in it.I highly doubt this was made to be a comedy ... Yes Dawn of the Dead did have some humour to it but George Romero created these movies to have both a comment on our society but also to be scary as he has said himself in so many words ...
 I 've been a fan of George A. Romero from a long time , and when I saw the remake of NOTLD by Tom Savini ... WOW ! Tom is good!OK , the camera angles , and the attitude of all characters are a little bit different , but this version gave me the creeps!The ending is excellent!Watch it !
 This is the scariest movie I have ever seen . And I am a horror movie fanatic ! I 've seen the Halloween 's , the Friday 13th 's and the Scream 's and none of them compare to this . What makes the movie scary is the fact that it plays on your fears . You can put yourself in the shoes of the people in the movie , traped in a house with who knows how many zombies outside ! Just the thought of being in the situation gives me the chills . And the make up of Romero in this movie is absolutly chilling . Heres a little challenge that neither me nor any of my friends have passed ... Try watching this movie all the way through , late at night with all the lights turned off ... by yourself in your house ... ALL ALONE !! If you make it and can sleep soundly that night , your a bigger man than I !
 I just saw this movie and I did not think i would like it , but it truly is a classic , and it is not scary but it is still one of the best horror movies I have seen in a long time . So you should rent it and I am going to buy it .
 let me just say , i love tom savini , ever since i was born ive been watching horror films , i am going to tom savinis make up school in pittsburg next year , he can direct , act , do stunts and the greatest latex effects of all time , all i got ta say is maniac , if you havent see it , friggin see it ... , notld remake is absolutely the phattest zombie movie of mainsream history , gore and tony todd , great combo
 Tom savini has truley created a perfect re-make of this cultclassic zombiestory.It turned out to be better then I thought it would be.It is pretty much the way I wanted the Romero version to be with this re-make . A modern version with modern effects in a classic story.See it , or what the h ** l , buy it !!
 A lot of film snobs like to sell short remakes instead ofenjoying a remake as a movie by itself . I have seen theremake and the original . I enjoyed them both . I own themboth . I did not ruin the remake for myself by judging itagainst the original as so many other people did . I enjoyedit as a movie that was an awful lot like one I had seen along time before . The heroine in this movie was a lot betterthan the one in the original !
 This has to be the best REMAKE ever it surpasses any other ... even the 2004 version of Dawn Of The Dead which i loved but never full accepted it as a proper remake rather it was more of an interesting semi-creepy zombie flick . I grew up on the originals ... call me old fashioned but i think we need to respect where we came from and the same goes for horror movies . Tom 's version of Night Of The Living Dead stays very , very , very true to the original and still kicks it up a HUGE notch to make it more frightening than the 68 ' version . When it was first mentioned in Fangoria many many years ago that there was gon na be a `` new '' remake of night of the living dead i was skeptical but when i read Tom Savini was the director i was assured deep in my heart that it 's gon na a be great film no matter what and nearly 20years later it still is in my top ten horror/zombie movies of all time . I ca n't imagine anyone who loves horror who has n't seen this at least once it 's a movie that gets better and better the more times you watch it ... and if your the few unprivileged people who have n't seen it for what ever reason i strongly recommend it .
 I thought this version was just as good -LRB- if not a little better -RRB- as the first one . i loved how barbara kicked butt in this movie ! im a big zombie movie fan and was so excited to get this DVD .
 this was actually a really good re-make of the original . i 'm pretty sure you will recognize the black guy from the original movie . they stay pretty much to the same script as the original but you 'll want to see it anyway just to see what else happens.if you are a `` BABYLON 5 '' fan like i am you might recognize on of the cast members in the movie . i have n't seen it in quite sometime and i just recently ordered it from amazon . i 'm looking forward to seeing it again . `` They are coming to get you , BARBARA !! '' ... the movie that started all the zombie movies ever to come . if you want to see also another good one , the idea for this movie came from another movie with Vincent Price called `` THE LAST MAN ON EARTH '' . it also deserves a viewing if you are a ZOMBIE fan like me ! for anyone who has n't seen even the original movie of `` NIGHT OF THE LIVING DEAD '' where have you been ?? rotting in a coffin or something ?? enjoy!CMH
 it 's goodNight of the living dead was good , the remake in my opinion is awesome . I think this has great suspense , but it has a lack of gore . I do n't want to say this movie is better than the original because the original was also good had good gore and okay suspense and its not often the remake is also good as the original
 I have never been much of a fan of remakes or sequels but I did n't think this one was so bad . It stars Tony Todd -LRB- Candyman -RRB- and has the same plot as the original . Maybe I 'm partial to this one because it 's done in color and I belive the special effects are better . The movie overall is creepy and wastes no time in getting to the good stuff . Of course in most horror movies there is n't much of a storyline but if you wanted a storyline you would n't be watching a horror flick . If you saw the original Night of the Living Dead I believe you should see this version as well and compare for yourself . I do n't think you 'll be disappointed .
 This remake is incredible
 Having not seen the original , I can not make any comparisons between the two . However , this movie did have some rather redeeming qualities . First , there 's Tony Todd 's character , Ben , a well-played hero . The role of Patricia Tallman may also be often overlooked ; however , the sheer amount of change her character undergoes makes for an interesting movie . Overall , this movie is well worth watching .
 Look , this blu ray looks fine . Armchair wannabe filmmaker fanboys who do n't understand what goes into making a film during prep , production or post are up in arms about this.First , it was Twilight Time who no doubt screwed it up.Then , well maybe it was Sony who went against the creator 's wishes.Finally , after a business day and a half went by TT was able to verify that the film was color corrected by the film 's director of photography in 2009 , prepping for a Sony 20th Anniversary release that never came.Then ... when Tom Savini declared it beautiful the armchair wannabe filmmaker fanboys turned on him.Bottom line , the film looks better than ever thanks to the work done by the DP which Savini has now signed off on with his public statement.And chances are he signed off on it 4 years ago - because that 's how things work - but because he did n't SAY that Oct 2nd -LRB- who goes into great details about thigns you did at work 4 years ago -RRB- the armchair wannabe filmmaker fanboys declare the DP must have done it himself and Savini is currently blind . No really , go read it yourselves.Enjoy the film , it 's better than ever .
 5 Stars ! Woooot!Great movie with a very good transfer -LRB- Firt time seeing this movie so the color timing change did not effect my opinion or my enjoyment of the movie -RRB-
 Doing a remake of a classic movie is a task that is often unnecessary and takes a turn for the worst . `` Night of the Living Dead -LRB- 1990 -RRB- , '' in my humble opinion , was unnecessary but did turn out very well . I 'm really glad that Savini was chosen to direct , as he is probably the only director that could have done a remake without changing the entire script , ala the `` Dawn of the Dead '' remake . The story is kept about 95 % true to the original thought some of the characters were acted differently . The original Harry Cooper was much better as this version depicts him as a complete menace to the house which leaves the viewer no room for sympathy . The makeup effects are wonderful and the gore is all there . The biggest thing that really killed me about this movie is the change in Barbara 's character , which is now the clich&eacute; brazen zombie killer by the end of the film . The ending was also changed for the worst as well . This film was done about as well as can be expected of a classic horror film and also the genesis of the entire zombie genre .
 I really loved this movie . I watch many horror flicks and this is one of only three that actually freaked me out . I loved it . Yes , I liked it better than the original . I just had trouble with how everything was in the orginal . The new movie , The leading lady is actually worth something . She gets tough and kicks butt . The first movie , she is so air headed -LRB- not that I blame her -RRB- I just could n't stand it . See this and you should see the first one but this one is the best !
 I like the fact that this film actually invokes some fear in me . The zombies are realistic and relentless . The people involved will not all work together because they have no clue as to how to handle the situation . So the struggle between those trying to fight the zombies , and those simply hiding in fear of them adds to the great plot.Tony Todd enhances his role and makes the film believable . He is serious and calculating about what to do and drawns you into the movie . You will want to keep watching to see how everything turns out .
 In this edition of Night 90 , you get a great behind the scenes feature which includes a few deleted scenes . These scenes all are deleted head shots that the MPAA forced Tom Savini to remove from the film for being to graphic . They said that if Savini had not removed those head shots , the film would have gotten an X rating instead of an R rating .
 Gorehound Tom Savini remade George Romero 's classic 1968 movie with some good results . Patricia Tallman plays Barbara , and this time she 's not a scared fruitcake like in the original , she 's a female Rambo reminiscent of Ripley of the Alien movies and Sarah Connor of the Terminator series . Tony Todd -LRB- the Candyman himself -RRB- , plays Ben , and plays him very well . Now for the real stars ; the zombies ! The makeup is pretty well done , but surprising to me , its not gory at all , but it is effective in keeping a creepy atmosphere . All in all , this is a good remake that is on par with the original , and I suggest seeing both versions so you can decide which one you like better .
 The 1990 remake of the mother of all modern zombie movies , George Romero 's NIGHT OF THE LIVING DEAD , was scripted by Romero himself , but it was directed by Romero 's long-time FX man Tom Savini -LRB- his directorial debut -RRB- . Unlike the original , this one 's in color and widescreen -LRB- aspect ratio of 1.85:1 -RRB- , but other than a few noticeable cosmetic changes that bring the story in line with the sociopolitical climate of the 1990s , the plot remains basically intact.For the un-indoctrinated , the plot follows a group of disparate people who are forced to hole up together in a dilapidated old farmhouse in order to barricade themselves against an onslaught of human corpses that have inexplicably become animate and are hungry for living flesh . On the surface , it is a clever and frightening horror story , but underneath it is also an interesting study of how various personality types cope in the face of a deadly crisis.For the most part , Savini 's version is nearly as good as the original . The politically correct alterations have no real effect on the essence of the story , so all of the major elements that made the Romero-directed 1968 version memorable are still there . And since Savini is himself an FX and make-up man , the FX and gore are more graphic and more realistic than before . -LRB- By today 's standards , the gore is tame -- according to Savini , a lot of the really graphic stuff had to be cut to get an `` R '' rating from the MPAA -- but the FX are still pretty cool . -RRB- The acting in the newer flick is also top notch . Actor Tony Todd -- genre fans will recognize him from his later film performance as the titular nightmare in 1992 's CANDYMAN and its sequels -- does an outstanding job filling the shoes of Duane Jones in the role of Ben , and cute redhead Patricia Tallman , who not only acts but is also a professional stuntwoman , delivers a forceful and convincing performance as the new feminist Barbara.In some ways , however , the original still seems scarier . Filmed in black-and-white , Romero 's 1968 is visually softer and grainier -- even in the re-mastered versions now available on DVD -- creating an almost gothic ambiance that just is n't equaled by Savini 's crisp and colorful version . Also , the house in which Romero filmed seems older , less lived-in , and more claustrophobic and miasmic . This sort of `` haunted-house '' environment creates an uneasiness in the viewer that , in turn , makes everything in the film seem more threatening and more dangerous.Still , Savini 's version of NIGHT OF THE LIVING DEAD is a great horror film in its own right . It 's unlikely that it will achieve the `` classic '' or `` cult '' status that the 1968 version claims , but fans of the genre are certain to find something they like here.The DVD from Columbia-Tristar is well worth the cost of admission . It offers a fairly clean , crisp transfer of the film in anamorphic widescreen at its original aspect ratio of 1.85:1 . -LRB- For those who care , there is also a full-screen pan-and-scan version on the other side of the disk . -RRB- The disc also includes some cool extras , including a featurette on the history and making of the film , as well as a feature commentary from director Savini . The remake of NIGHT OF THE LIVING DEAD is a must-have for fans of Romero and his zombie legacy , and most horror fans will enjoy having this in their collections .
 While remakes rarely come close to the quality of their original versions , Tom Savini has done an excellent job with his take on `` Night of the Living Dead . '' Some of the classic lines are revisited in this version , such as `` They 're dead , they 're all messed up '' and the famous `` They 're coming to get you , Barbara . '' Savini obviously has a passion for the `` living dead '' and takes good care of the franchise.-A DemonUser Review
 I have to give Tom Savini credit , this was not your average Remake . It captures much of the qualities that made the original so wonderful , the spontaneous attack , a fabulously gifted leading man , and a good deal at stake . The direction is nearly flawless , and the newer effects are a welcome addition . Savini even managed , though massively retooling some key characters , to maintain the sociological subtext of the original film . -LRB- Take note everyone , when the dead live , we need to work together -RRB- My only problem with the film is that it is only part one of a three part story , and Part One ends too easily . The plot tends to pin every wrong on one character , who , though often wrong in the original film , was only one player in the greater chaos . I like the few changes in the character of Barbra , but , well , let 's just say I like the original ending -LRB- and its implications -RRB- better . Nevertheless , I highly recommend this remake of a classic , if for no other reason than to see an already great story told in a slightly different way .
 I usually see remakes of movies to be an unforgivable sin . It seems to be the `` thing '' in Hollywood nowdays and THAT 's scary ! I 've heard rumors of Dawn Of The Dead and Texas Chainsaw Massacre remakes . This is pure blasphemy and I 'll never forgive anyone who is involved with these films-right down to the guy who gets the coffee . The NOTLD remake is one of the few exceptions to that rule . Why ? Well , I 'll tell ya . Romero decided to do this coz he 'd been screwed out of his due money from the original film because of a copyright mishap , and he was hoping to get some of that money back from the remake 's profits . I 'm behind him all the way on that . Plus , the remake was n't done by some schmuck who 'd never seen the original and did n't care what he did to it-the original crew were all involved in this as well . Hey , can you really yell at someone for remaking their own film ? Hey , if anyone 's got a right to make a cruddy remake of a film , it might as well be the people who made it in the first place . -LSB- Hey -RSB- , Hitchcock did it . But you can tell that this film was made for the fans of the original , and that everyone involved had a good time doing it . Is it good ? It 's not a masterpiece or anything , but it 's entertaining . It has a kind of direct-to-video look and feel about it -LRB- though I did see it in the theater so I know it 's not -RRB- . The acting is very good , the new plot changes are decent . It 's certainly not bad , it just does n't give you that same feeling as watching the original does . Not too high on the gore -LRB- though Tom Savini directed it -RRB- , but it is a worthy addition to your zombie dvd collection .
 A very good remake , which had a lot of similarities to the original . I highly recommend to any zombie fan .
 One of the few remakes that I absolutely love ; I have no complaints only praise . Nothing against the original black and white movie -LRB- which had more atmosphere . It was also more claustrophobic , one of the few times I ca n't complain about a 1.33 aspect ratio because in that case it helped the feeling of being trapped , boxed in -RRB- . I just happen to love the remake more . -LRB- It also happens to be my favorite Tony Todd performance . -RRB- And there is that `` happy '' ending.Doesn ' t let up for a minute , keeps you revved up throughout . Of course this was back when zombies were still real and not the supercharged versions of today -LRB- think about it , their brains were low functioning at that point so they would move slower ; motor skills being somewhat hampered by being , well , DEAD -RRB- . I like my zombies slow and relentless.Definitely a keeper that I 've watched many times.Did I mention that I LOVE this movie ?
 George Romero hands Tom Savini the reigns as director of the remake of Night of the Living Dead . This is a great film for fans of the zombie genre and as remakes go , it could n't have been any better . Savini , a special effects wizard , uses most of the tricks up his sleeve in this movie while keeping with the general storyline of the original . It 's a great movie to watch with friends or alone ... if you dare !
 Some people do n't get zombies ; some people apparently think the idea of a deteriorated corpse stumbling after people is yawn-inducing . If you 're one of those people , this movie probably is n't for you ... But I am not one of those people ! ` Shaun of the Dead , ' '28 Days Later , ' and the recent ` Dawn of the Dead ' resurrected the zombie genre , but each of these films modified the core principles of zombieology in order to do it . ` Shaun ' camped it up , and humorized it . ` Dawn ' beefed it up , gave it artillery , and made it `` kick ass . '' '28 Days ' injected it with Sartre and a heady brand of pessimistic existentialism.All three movies worked quite well , but I kept thinking , `` must we try SO hard ? '' Let 's get back to the basics!I 'm a zombie minimalist , I have to admit . Zombies are scary because they represent the horror of seeing something that simply `` is NOT supposed to be '' stumbling without rhyme or reason into our otherwise complacent and secure bubble of existence . They 're also about having to face a radically altered world apparently alone , or with only a tight-knit posse of `` survivors '' to unite with . Likewise , there is that concept of trying to stay `` one step ahead '' of a nightmare that is gradually approaching you from just beyond your field of vision . `` Night of the Living Dead '' captures these qualities at their purest -LRB- at least in my opinion -RRB- , and while the new zombie flicks are good , this re-make from 1990 is the good-old zombie minimalism that I hope is embraced by zombie film-makers in the future.P.S . - Want to learn about zombies and philosophy ? Check out David Chalmers ' book `` The Conscious Mind
 This not only is an amazing remake , but they change just enough for it to be a great movie to stand on its own two legs.Without giving too much away , I will say that the acting is top notch . Yeah , a few times it gets hokey ... Judy Rose wo n't shutup ... but then again , if you were being attacked by zombies would n't you freak the hell out?Basically , this is the movie that made me realize that good horror movies are nothing more than dramas with more blood and guts . The writing and acting provided great tension , and the direction -LRB- Savini 's debut -RRB- was nothing spectacular , but then again , we did n't need matrix style effects for the movie to be effective.One of the charms of this movie is its simplicity . The story is simple and the goal is even simpler ... to survive . But when the dead come back to life , and you ca n't believe your own eyes ... it turns out not to be quite that simple .
 I was so skeptical about this that it was out for years before I ever saw it . Why bother remaking a classic ? Well , because frankly it fixes the things that bugged me in the original . Barbra has been transformed from a comatose gimp to a heroine who rises from her initial shock to find more strength than she ever knew she had . The acting is great ! I watched the original again last night , and I must say that the acting alone is worth remaking it . The conflict between Ben and Cooper makes a bit more sense this time around . Ben 's fate , which was needed in the original , gets a satisfying twist , but Cooper 's fate is even better . WOW ! Classic lines like `` Here 's another one for the fire '' get a stunning spin . The lighting is too bright and I must admit some of the creepiness of the original depended on shadows in black and white , but that does n't keep me from loving this fantastic remake . -LRB- I swear , they must have found the same farmhouse . -RRB-
 This movie is awsome , it 's much better than the original . When I first saw the beggining and I saw Tom Savini 's name I was like ah man this ai n't gon na be as good as it could have -LRB- mainly because he was more of a make-up artist -RRB- , but boy was I wrong , I guess he learned alot working with Romero ! This was great , same story a bunch of people gather in an old farm house to avoid the flesheating zombies . They try to think of an escape plan but it is almost impossible , the zombies look pretty cool . But the ending will make you feel bad , I did n't want it to end in the way it did but what are you gon na do eh ? Still on of the best ending for a horror movie . The character in this are well developed and likeable . But boy the ending is really something to watch for ... This remains one of the best made horror movies of all-time ! You have to watch it to see how good it is !
 Based on a novel by John Hale , this 1987 film is a cold war spy story with more twists and angles than can be absorbed in a single viewing.The boundaries between right and wrong are blurred , in this complex plot where co-workers in the secret service are asked to spy on each other , truth-seekers are murdered , and the guilty are kept protected in their luxurious nests.With an excellent cast that includes James Fox , Nigel Havers , John Gielgud , Felicity Dean , and many top-notch character actors , it 's a fast paced hour and 40 minutes ... one of my favorite parts is how they manage to get information out of the imprisoned double agent , making him believe that he has escaped.Also adding a lot to the film is the lovely soundtrack by John Scott.Michael Caine is powerful as the former spy and bereaved father , who investigates his son 's death . Part vulnerable , part tough guy , it 's a subtle , touching , and brilliant performance , and its believability makes this intricate thriller a 5 star film .
 Frank Jones -LRB- Michael Caine -RRB- has a son -LRB- Nigel Havers -RRB- who works in a top secret British intelligence agency . Frank has had experience in that line , but now has retired to a quiet and safe life . His son tells him that strange things are happening , and he 's planning on leaving and marrying an older woman he 's fallen in love with . He says a Soviet mole was found , that security is all over the place encouraging people to rat on each other . The higher ups seem convinced that if they do n't do something , their American friends in the CIA will stop working with them.Frank is n't thrilled over the marriage plans , and he tells his son that it 's unlikely anything off key can be happening in the agency . It 's obvious that Jones loves his son deeply and wants his son to be happy in whatever his son chooses for himself . A few days later his son is dead , an apparent suicide . Jones can not believe his son killed himself , and decides to use his old skills to find out what happened . The rest of the movie digs into an examination of the British establishment which is disturbing and ugly . There are strong echoes of the Antony Blunt case and the Cambridge spies . Frank Jones finds men who easily consider others expendable if their ideas of class and priviledge are endangered . He accuses one of being willing to see men die so long as he can continue to have tea with the Queen.Caine does a wonderful job of underplaying . His love for his son , his reluctance to leave the safe shell he has made for himself , his strength in searching for answers , his ruthlessness when he gets close to the truth , are all played quietly ... which makes things even more effective.The movie 's ending is , for me , not quite as satisfying as it could be , but it 's likely that the good guy wins and the bad guys suffer.Among the bad guys is James Fox , a first-rate actor who for some time has seemed to specialize in playing condescending aristos . It 's hard to remember him as the blond , young `` tennis , anyone ? '' chap in Thoroughly Modern Millie.The DVD transfer is okay .
 Micheal Caine plays Frank Jones a decorated ex-British Navy veteran and now businessman . His beloved son Bob played by Nigel Havers is a Russian linguist working for the British Secret Service before the days of detente . He tells Caine that he suspects some strange things are happening in his agency , that he would like to expose.The Secret Service suspicious of Havers has been bugging his conversations and ultimately liquidate him , covering up his death . Caine , unsatisfied with the official declaration of an accidental death , commences his own investigation.He eventually is lead to John Gielgud playing high ranking politician Sir Adrian Chapple who acting as a Russian mole , has been feeding them sensitive bits of intelligence for years.With a distinctly British flavor , `` The Whistle Blower '' is an above average vintage Cold War drama that uses at it 's conclusion the incredible pagaentry of a monarchy sponsored parade filmed in the streets of London .
 this story line caught me by surprise . especially the ending , a must see if you like michael caine ! another best of caine !
 Hard to find this Len Deighton Harry Palmer movie . I got excited when I saw it listed , I screw up and did not read far enough to see that it is for Regio 2 not Region1 . So my error not the sellor , so I have not seen this missing jewel in my collection.It was packaged for safe delivery , arrived quickly from Europe . My ERROR Not Seller.Still looking for a region one copy ??????
 The Whistle Blower is one of the capstones of the Cold War genre.Michael Caine is in top form - this is one of his best parts.While there are some parts that spin media culture , it has a transcendent quality that will provoke your thought .
 If you are male and love Kathy Ireland like I do , then this is a must purchase video . Kathy displays her flawless body in various locations in some of the most sexy bikinis she has ever worn . This is definitely one of those videos to have for those `` lonely '' nights !
 The film 's fresh , funny dialogue packs enough power to keep things interesting . Ashley Judd plays a working woman -LRB- Jane Goodall -RRB- who falls for a co-worker Ray -LRB- Greg Kinnear -RRB- . The story has been told before ... he has a girlfriend and they 're having problems . Jane and Ray date and decide to move in together but he starts to push her away and breaks her heart and gets back with his ex . After the devastating end to their relationship Jane begins to develop a thesis that male behavior is directly related to that of wildlife . She studies the tendency for animals to be noncommittal and compares men to bulls , dogs , and other creatures . To prove her theories , she enlists the help of her roommate Eddie -LRB- Hugh Jackman -RRB- , a womanizer who falls into all of the patterns of her research , whom she moves in with after Ray and her breakup . Though the theories she comes up seem to make sense she finds there are real men out there who do n't go for the `` new cows '' and that as Jackman says `` Rays not the only man your ever going to love '' .
 I was a little disappointed to see that the movie did n't have 5 stars listed across , so I thought I 'd give my opinion . I loved the movie ! I went to the theatre to see it 4 times , and now I ca n't wait to own it myself ! I would n't call `` Someone Like You '' a deep movie , but it was funny and a great relaxer ; not a bad movie to show for a get together with friends . The music , in the movie , is also awesome ! Well , worth it to buy the soundtrack as well !
 Quick shipment , great price . Would purchase other movies in the future . He loved the movie ...
 If you do n't like this movie , you have no heart . Ashley Judd is simply adorable . If you ca n't accept the fact that meeting the right person is all about timing , you know nothing about life .
 from the begining i was rooting for eddie , i know people who are like eddie -LRB- ladies man , kind of shallow -RRB- . but who are basically very lonely and are afraid of entering into a long lasting relationship . you just know it 's going to work out for them.good flick .
 This movie is great . I would recommend it to any ` hopeless romantics ' out there . Ashley and Hugh have absolutely great chemistry together !
 I really had to watch it a second time to get the humor and understand what was going on . The first time around I found nothing funny . The second and third time around I laughed . I think it also depends on where you 're at emotionally.A woman is treated wrong by a guy . She in returns labels him and trashes him and all men . While at the same time a new male roommate does the same type of thing with women he 's seeing . They hurt him , he 's not going to get emotionally attached to them anymore because of his previous girlfriend . In the end , they learn a lot from one and another.If the first go around it 's not funny or it does n't make sense ... try a second time ... you may be surprised !!
 This was good movie ... Ashley Judd always does a good job . And Greg Kinnear what a cutie . This movie is along the lines of i love you , but you love him . . do n't know what ya got till gone . . type of deal . You laugh , you aww , you get teary eyed . It has all the base elements of a romantic comedy . But at the end i felt there still should been more of something . DO n't get me wrong it still was a good movie ... but it needed just a lil more spice to it to make it a great movie .
 I saw this movie in theaters with a girlfriend of mine , and it was thought provoking -LRB- in a fun loving boys suck sort of way -RRB- and was just all over cute . Another movie that comes to mind when i think about it is bridget jones diary .
 The movie was enjoyable . It was funny and exciting . What makes it great is that it does this without being gross . violent or overly sexual in nature . It is pure enjoyment .
 I love this movie , that 's why I purchased it , it 's a comedy and a love story all in one . I would recommend for people , to see it if they like a comedy/love story duo .
 I did n't realize what a good actor Ashley Judd is ! This film was entertaining , a bit of a chick flick but I loved it !
 I love this movie !! It 's funny , sad , heart wrenching , and heart warming all in one ! Ashley Judd is cute , and Hugh Jackman is even cuter !! :-RRB- Greg Kinnear was good in this film too , but without giving the plot away , you want to punch him in the face for hurting &#34; Jane &#34; -LRB- Ashley -RRB- . You want to know why ? Rent or buy this movie . I think you 'll enjoy it too . : -RRB-
 For any woman who 's been wounded in a relationship - I think that includes all of us - one can wholly relate to the cynicism which might actually drive a character to re-invent herself and her ideologies . Besides the humor , the great perk in this movie is Hugh Jackman . Wow ! Irresistible .
 When I was younger and single I would watch Someone Like You a lot to understand why my relationships ended . Sometimes I would learn what I did or did not do right . Sometimes I just would n't understand what went wrong . Either way this is a good movie .
 Ashley Judd plays a farm girl who observes that a bull engages the same cow only once . And what is more shocking , less that five percent of all farm animals are monogamous . This leaves her without much hope for the animal kingdom . Alas , she moves to the city to work for a fast-moving TV talk show hostess , played by Ellen Barkin . Her expectation is to fall in love with someone she is totally attracted to , but alas -LRB- again -RRB- , soon realizes he is playing her for a cow . Dizzyingly sexy complications ensue when the turn of events place her between two hunky heartthrobs Hugh Jackson and Greg Kinnear.The flick is refreshinhly funny and smart , with a well written script .
 I have always purchased new DVD movies . Thought I would take a chance on a used one because , duh , much cheaper . There was n't anything wrong with it . Beautiful picture , not a flaw . It had no DVD box but came in a flat plastic holder . I would go the `` used DVD '' purchase thru Amazon again . Marlene
 Cute movie ... Someone Like You ... is a B movie but well worth watching some very good actors and is a nice little romantic comedy three stars all do a good job in my opinion ! ~
 It 's a good movie . I like Romantic Comedies . I like the stars in this movie and the story . The ending resolved too quickly and easily though , I thought .
 It 's about time ! What a pleasant surprise ! Fun , entertaining , simple plot and WONDERFUL ACTING all the way around . Reminiscent of the great romantic comedies from days gone by!I am so sick of the crap that passes for romantic comedies today . Who needs gross sex , foul language and toilet humor when they can watch Ashley Judd paint her toenails with White Out?Thank You !
 I fist fell in love with this movie years ago after watching it on tv . I looked and looked everywhere for this movie and could n't find it until I came to Amazon . Could n't wait to watch it again . Cute chic flick .
 This movie was just what I had been looking for the night I ordered it . I wanted a simple , non complicated romantic comedy that did n't stoop to the levels of a badly acted Lifetime film . As soon as I saw that it starred Ashley Judd and Hugh Jackman I knew that it was for me . Hugh Jackman is gorgeous and Greg Kinnear is n't too bad either . It is sweet , with a kind of ridiculous storyline but because of the excellent cast , they pull it off and made it warm and engaging . I had been having bad night and wanted a little cheer , this movie brought a big smile to my face , thanks !
 Really Cute movie about how your heart can get broken , and you find a silly way to deal with it . . good movie ...
 I found this movie to be very pleasant to watch . I enjoyed the humour and romance that starts somewhere different than you would expect . The entire cast seemed to blend into a heart warming film . I really enjoyed it and recommend it to anyone .
 well , I can start it off and say `` this aint the best movie I 've ever seen '' . it doesnt have this remarkable plot , nor this remarkable choose of cast . it didnt made me laugh at all . well , maybe just one time.so here I go and give this movie four stars . lets make it clear
 I just discovered this little gem when I was away on business , never knew it existed before . It 's a fun movie that will get you giggling and also touch your heart strings , especially the scenes where she really misses him . It 's awful , the emotional pain ! Rarely do I watch movies over and over but this is one that 's fun for a Friday night when you just want to see something fun and familiar . You 'll enjoy it .
 I was pleased with my movie selection and the services rendered was AWESOME . The product was received timely and in great condition . I would definitely buy from this vendor again .
 This movie is not going to shock you with it 's ending or offer you a new twist on the same old romcoms of the past . It is a quintessential romcom , but it 's so very worth your time . It 's very funny ; I like all the actors in it , and it 's just a fun , light-hearted movie .
 Oh what is not to like in a movie with Hugh in it ? this is pure escapism and I wallowed the whole time I was watching it . Would have liked more scenes of romance with Hugh and less with Greg but I guess you ca n't have everythig . Highly recommend it .
 This is a cute movie that digs into the relationship mind of men . The plot was good but a little predictable . Ashley Judd does a good job plus shows off her body in tasteful , everyday attire . This movie is worth full price at the movies .
 `` Someone Like You '' is a short and likable romantic comedy based on the novel `` Animal Husbandry '' by Laura Zigman . In order to make it a more palatable movie , director Tony Goldwyn de-fanged the sharp bite of the book where all men are deemed scum and there is no happy , Hollywood romantic pairing waiting for heroine Jane Goodale -LRB- played by Ashley Judd on screen -RRB- . But to the benefit of the film , toning down the book 's bile makes Jane less an unlikable , dithering neurotic and more of a likable kook.Ashley Judd does an excellent job with the script by combining emotional vulnerability and a solid comedic presence . She is at all times cute and adorable without sending a viewer into sugar shock . Hugh Jackman , in his first post-X-men role , brings a certain roguish charm and charisma to the chain-smoking and chain-f *** ing Eddie . Besides her co-worker and roommate , Eddie is also Jane Goodale 's living , breathing proof of her wacky theory that men are neophiliacs , and lose interest in women once they have `` been serviced . '' -LRB- She calls this her New Cow theory . -RRB- . When Hugh Jackman and Ashley Judd are both on screen , the chemistry between them crackle . It adds a depth and nuance to their performances and characters ' development . Too bad we are denied the pleasure of seeing them consummate their eventual -LRB- and very obvious -RRB- romantic pairing.Greg Kinnear does a good job of combining slimy and sincere as the man who breaks Jane 's heart , and starts her spiraling toward her New Cow theory . Marisa Tomei steals every scene she is in as Jane 's enabler , best buddy , and fellow soldier in the romantic war . Marisa 's chain-smoking Liz makes one wish that the movie was from her point of view , and that we could have watched cynical Liz trade verbal jabs and longing looks with Jackman 's equally cynical Eddie.The subplot concerning Alice 's , Jane 's sister , infertility troubles does n't add much to the plot of the movie except to show at least one man -LRB- Stephen , played by Peter Friedman -RRB- in a steady and monogamous relationship . Catherine Dent , who plays Danni in the F/X drama The Shield and Jane 's sister , has the best line in the movie
 Sometimes short is best , so I ' m not gon na write a long extended review.One of the best romantic comedies I 've ever seen in my life.It is everything that a romantic comedy should be , and it does n't get too predictable , like most romantic comedies , where you can just tell what will be said next.It 's not like that in this one . It 's charming without trying too hard , sentimental , and actually SINCERE , not overly gushy , and funny , without being cheesy.The acting is perfect , and I really could n't find one thing to complain about , everything flows together.Ashely is brilliant.She 's the future of female acting in Hollywood -LRB- along with Renne Zellwegger -RRB- , and proves that she is a comedian.Hugh Jackman is just wonderful , not to mention sexy as freakin hell.I am in love.and Greg Kinnear , and Marisa Tomei are fabulous as well.This movie is reccomended to anyone who wants to enjoy great comedy.I 'm not bulls ** tting ya.Don ' t listen to people who write this off as another annyoing chick flick.It may not revolutionize in cinema , but it sure as hell does show us that there are still filmmakers out there willing to create a romantic comedy with some imagination .
 This is honestly the best romantic comedy I 've ever seem , at least in recent memory.When people say this movie is predictable , I want them to ask themselves this , is there a romantic comedy , where you have absolutely no idea how things will turn out?I think that answer would be no , and while here you do have the basic idea on how things will turn out , that 's basically it . Many romantic comedies these days are so shallow and predictable , that you can just tell what each character is going to say.Ok , so lets get to the point.The movie starts out with a talent scout for an aspiring national network , tabloid television show , Her name is Jane Goodale , -LRB- played by Ashely Judd -RRB- . Within 10 minutes of the movie , she meets coworker Ray Brown -LRB- Greg Kinnear -RRB- , and right away sparks are flying between the two.After a few dates the two start dating , and are on the verge of moving in together.But after Ray breaks up with his girlfriend -LRB- whom he was cheating on with Jane -RRB- , things start to change.The romance is definately wearing off , and Ray seems to be avoiding Jane.Then Ray breaks the big news , he `` ca n't do this '' . Of course Jane is left completely crushed , and also without a place to live -LRB- her apartement has been re-rented , and she and Ray are obviously not moving together -RRB- . Which brings us to the third of the main chracters , Eddie -LRB- played by Hugh Jackman -RRB- . Eddie is another one of Jane 's co-workers , and he is your typical womanizer.Well , as it turns out , Eddie is in search of a roomate , and Jane jumps at the chance , mainly to make Ray jealous , and also because she does n't have a place to live.The relationship with Eddie starts out with them constantly bickering , and complaining about one another 's behavior.But , slowly , the two start to unravel , and a more understanding relationship develops between them . Meanwhile , Jane , still broken-hearted from her sudden breakup with Ray , is obssessed.There seems to be no way to put her mind at rest , because Jane needs a reason , on why she was so suddently dumped by the man of her dreams.And then she discovers what she feels explains everything - `` The Cow Theory '' . In this theory , it is explained the men leave their women because the newness simply wears off , and the men want `` new cow '' . Jane becomes obssessed with this theory , because it seems to give her a reason as to why the relationship of herdreams so suddently ended.A little more into the movie , Jane 's best friend -LRB- played by Marisa Tomei -RRB- , who works for a magazine , gives Jane an idea.To publish a story on this `` cow theory '' , under a pseudonym.Well , Jane chooses to be the a 72 year old Phd , Marie Charles.What Jane does n't expect is how the story just suddently blows up into a national phenomenon.Before she knows , `` Marie Charles '' is to appear on Jane 's television show.This leads to a discovery , and a newfound happiness.I wo n't spoil the ending for you.The performances are just awesome.As far as I 'm concerned , Ashely is the next big thing.Forget the overrated Julia Roberts.Ashely is hilarious , but when needed , her emotion is raw and real.Hugh Jackman wittily handles his role.And Greg is perfect as Ray , the seemingly inocent , perfect guy.To anyone who likes good comedy , or just good movies , then I recommend you see this movie.It 's really a hilarious , charming , just excellent comedy .
 I just watched this and what a nice surprise ! The actors in this are terrific . Ashley Judd was made for movies like this . She could give Meg Ryan a run for her money in romantic comedies.Greg Kinnear was excellent and I really enjoyed Hugh Jackman.The story was n't very unique but it was great fun to watch . A classic love triangle with some interesting twists and turns.The roommate situation between Judd and Jackman really helpsdevelop the romance between their characters.The ending was as expected but that was just fine with me!This movie is great romantic movie to watch on the couch with a bowl of popcorn and a good friend . Have fun .
 Okay so yeah it was strange with all the whole theory about men and cows but it was a cute romantic comedy . Personally I love romantic comedies no matter how cheesy they are , okay so I do n't love every romantic comedy but a lot . Anyways this movie is one of those movies I can watch over and over . If you get the DVD version check out the alternate ending , definetly corny and I 'm glad they decided against that ending . I love Ashley Judd 's emotional breakdowns , reminds me of every girl I know . I luv Marisa Tomei 's character too . She has a cute little personality like she always does in film . Watch this movie for all it 's quirky human traits .
 `` Someone Like You '' has everything you 'd expect out of a romantic comedy
 This was a terrific movie showing us a side of every woman who has had her heart broken and with the message of always knowing that there is someone out there and we 're not looking hard enough . Jane thinks she has finally found the man of her dreams in Ray . They meet where they both work behind the scenes of a talkshow . After seeing her best friend Eddie having more women in his life than he can handle she finds that Ray is perfect except with the small glitch , he has a girlfriend ! After he asks her to move in with him Jane is on top of the world since Ray now has broken up with her girlfriend , but surprisingly he starts vanishing from her life and then one day just ends it . Broken hearted Jane has no where to turn and no where to live anymore so Eddie asks her to move in with him since he has a spare room , but when Ray wants her back she does n't know what to do since she has started to hate men and compares them to her new theory . Excellent movie .
 I absolutely love this movie , because it emcompasses everything that dating when in your mid-to-late 20s involves . I especially like it because I love Ashley Judd and I think that she has a great deal of talent.I highly recommend this movie to any female . I have rented it 3 times already .
 Hugh Jackman is magnificent . Very handsome and irresistable . Someone like you is a movie about a woman named Jane -LRB- Judd -RRB- who thought she had figured out what was wrong with men until she met Mr. Right . Very predictable and cute movie . A MAGNIFICENT CHICK FLICK .
 It was n't an Oscar Winner by Far , but I enjoyed the Movie . Hugh Jackman I adorable . I think he 's why I liked the movie as much as I did / if not for him i would have given it a two .
 not thrilled about all the profanity and smoking , but the plot was engaging and endearing . casting was perfect . ending was perfect .
 Broken hearted Jane develops her `` new cow theory '' about men ; meaning that a man prefers being with a new woman and will always dump the old one . Through the funny details of the movie and with friends ' help -LRB- I wo n't ruin the pleasure of you finding out for yourself , by providing more details -RRB- , Jane faces her pain and finds out that she can still find true love , the only analgesic for heartache.The idea of starting over and admitting that not all men are faulty is very refreshing . After all , we women are the delusional ones who insist on pretending that the frog we 're kissing is a knight and we place him on a white horse , then we act shocked when we find out he is still a frog.The theme of the movie alone makes up for the cheesy performance and deserves 3 stars . Admittedly though , I am a shallow woman , and for the raw pleasure of seeing Hugh Jackman with his shirt off -LRB- even though he still looked great with his shirt on -RRB- , I changed it to 4 stars .
 Ashley Judd brings her outstanding abilities to the table by adding charm , compassion , and humor to a role that all women can relate to . She fills the gap that 's is missing in other romantic comedies with her ability to make the audience feel her emotions . I must say , this role has allowed Ashley Judd to show another side of her talents and has added her to the A-lister 's of Romantic Comedic actresses . I can not tell you how many times I 've seen this movie and each time I 'm touched by the performance of the entire cast as each actor compliments one another . All in all , a very smart and charming film .
 This movie is just what it appears to be , a fun entertaining way to spend an evening . The premise of the New Cow Theory is funny brought on by being dumped by a man yet again . Ashley Judd always provides the audience with an excellent performance . It does n't matter what role she tackles , it is always solidly done . What a choice - being able to choose from Greg Kinnear and Hugh Jackman ! It would be a no lose situation .
 The first time I saw Someone Like You I was on a business trip . Little else stuck with me on that trip , besides this movie that I recently purchased on DVD . By far one of the best romantic comedies I 've seen , although the movie is predictable , how many times can you see a `` romantic comedy '' and not know there is a twist and happy ending ? Ashely Judd , Greg Kinnear and Hugh Jackman do a wonderful job portraying their characters and highlighting issues that surround many who are in today 's singles scene . The `` cow theory '' was an exceptionally creative twist and having always been a big fan of Marisa Tomei , what 's to resist ? Someone Like You is a not a side splitting comedy , but one that will leave a heartwarming smile spread across your lips . It 's charming , endearing and very much a glimpse into the issues women face in today 's dating world . Guys , if you want to win the girl with a nice night on the couch with a chick flick , this is one that she 'll appreciate !
 I admit it
 This is a great little romantic comedy . Ashley Judd is adorable and Hugh Jackman and Greg Kinnear are perfect . The most hilarious part of the film is the fake psychologist Judd creates to put forth her comparison of humans to cattle , comparing man 's polygamous mating drive to that of a bull . Some genuine laughs and a heartwarming romance . Recommended .
 The chemistry between all the characters is great to watch . Hugh Jackman is definitely easy on the eyes and Greg Kinnear plays a great `` bad '' guy . Ashley Judd does well as the `` woman in upheaval . '' The real scene stealer , though , is Marisa Tomei . Given the chance , this movie could have done just as well had it been about her character . Ever since My Cousin Vinny , she 's been an actress to shine . All in all , when I want to watch a feel-good movie this is what I throw in .
 There are two major reasons to see this movie . They are Hugh Jackman and Ashley Judd . Both of these actors have real sizzle for a romantic comedy-drama blend . In fact , Greg Kinnear , playing a third major character , although necessary to the plot line , does n't strike me as a likely romantic lead at all . Kinnear 's getting 2nd billing in the film surprised me . I think Jackman can wipe him right off the screen romantically speaking . The script is a bit predictable with Judd 's character falling for Kinnear . Then , when he is torn about going back to his original girlfriend , she develops a bizarre theory about why men are like cows and bulls . She even writes a column on it for a major magazine . I thought the movie got better as it progressed , which is unusual , but I think the reason why was that Jackman was in more of the movie from the second half on and his screen charisma really made a difference . I think if someone casts him as the total romantic lead in a romantic movie from start to finish , he will have quite a following . Ellen Barkin plays a supporting role in the film as everyone 's boss , a talk show host . I miss her taking on weightier roles . Van Morrison 's `` Someone Like You , '' closes the film and is a perfect endnote .
 Although this movie was somewhat formulatic , I found it worth watching . Ashley Judd does a wonderful job of playing the emotionally wounded main character , who gives her heart to Ray -LRB- Greg Kinnear -RRB- , who then proceeds to step on it.Feeling angry and sad , she makes up theories , comparing men to cows . And she loses her apartment , which forces her to move in with womanizing coworker Eddie -LRB- Hugh Jackman -RRB- , who has been sleeping around a lot , in order to cover up his emotionally damaged self.Anyway , you can sort of predict where the movie is going , but humorous dialogue and good chemistry make this movie a chick flick worth seeing : -RRB-
 Judd and Jackman make a very unorginal plot breathtaking and hilarious . Greg Kinnear and Marissa Tomei are also wonderful in this film.Let 's face it , 99.9 % of us women are entranced and in love with romantic comedies . Someone Like You is no exception for me ! Although very predictable , I still loved this movie . THere is no way in this world that you could be disappointed , unless you 're a straight male.Judd plays Jane Goodall , a woman who 's heart is broken by Ray -LRB- Greg Kinnear . -RRB- Goodall moves in with Eddie -LRB- Jackman -RRB- to lash out at Ray . The whole movie is just amazing . Please rent , if not buy this movie and watch it over and over again !
 I 'm a huge Ashley Judd fan and this was just a fun chick flick . Her acting skills are kinda lost on the fluff , but still a good movie .
 I do n't typically watch romantic comedies but this one was pretty entertaining . I doubt many guys would want to watch this but if you love romantic comedies definitely add this one to your viewing list.Ashley Judd plays the main part well and if you came to this movie because Hugh Jackman is in it -LRB- like myself -RRB- you 'll be happy to know he gets more screen time than Greg Kinnear and has a couple shirtless scenes ; -RRB- All in all it 's a cute movie worth the watch
 Love this movie ! recived it fast and in perfect shape and for a great price . If u like ashly judd this is one of her best shes very cute in this movie
 I chose ths movie because it featured Ashley Judd . and was not dsappointed . I can always tell if it 's a good movie if my wife does n't fall asleep . .
 I am working on writing my story of how I got over a heartbreak . As I was thinking about what I went through , I remembered watching `` Someone Like You '' and it being a help to watch Ashley Judd deal with a similar situation . This movie took some twists and turns , as life does . I found it interesting , funny , sad ... all of the emotions that we go through in life . I am grateful for this movie and highly recommend others watch it , especially if you 're going through a break-up .
 I love this movie . Everyone is so funny ! It is great to see with your girlfriends . I love Ashley Judd !
 Great movie , I just love to watch it over and over.I love Ashley Judd , and Hugh Jackman.If you love romantic comedy you will love this movie .
 Love this film . It 's a classic . Ashley Judd & Hugh Jackman are fantastic ! Greg Kinnear is also great in this film. , love it , love it !
 I LOVE TO WATCH ASHLEY JUDD ACT.SHE IS SO DOWN TO EARTH.I WOULD RECOMMEND THIS TO ALL . I SURE LIKE THIS MOVIE
 well , I can start it off and say `` this aint the best movie I 've ever seen '' . it doesnt have this remarkable plot , nor this remarkable choose of cast . it didnt made me laugh at all . well , maybe just one time.so here I go and give this movie four stars . lets make it clear
 This movie was a wonderful romantic movie , but also had its funny parts . Ashley Judd and Hugh Jackman are great together . This is a wonderful movie if you are into romantic movies . Hugh Jackman was adorable in this movie .
 - Someone Like You - A great movie to see anytime . Ashley Judd is great and the cute guy from XMen -LRB- Wolverine -RRB- is amazing ... . You should see this movie with a friend , especially if you 've recently had guy troubles . : o -RRB-
 Watched this movie several times , and enjoyed more and more each time . Ashley Judd is wonderful in this role , and in this movie she really plays wonderfully -LRB- unlike boring High Crimes , where the story might be interesting but there is nothing special about the performance of the actors -RRB- - in this movie she plays with her face , eyes , facial expression - truly charming . Several scenes I just had to watch over and over - they were so wonderfully performed . And of course , the story is the one that many girls can relate to ... Would highly recommend
 I know that this movie got `` mixed reviews , '' whatever that means , but I found it charming and sweet and rather touching at some parts . I enjoyed the DVD for all the extras , too . I loved listening to Hugh Jackman with a different accent than his native Australian , and the oh so proper English accent he used in that other romantic movie he was recently in . `` Someone ... '' touches on so many emotions , and Ashley Judd is funny and manic , and her comic timing is great . I am very happy that I bought this movie . Do n't miss the cheerleader scene . Hugh Jackman was gorgeous .
 I know that this movie got `` mixed reviews , '' whatever that means , but I found it charming and sweet and rather touching at some parts . I enjoyed the DVD for all the extras , too . I loved listening to Hugh Jackman with a different accent than his native Australian , and the oh so proper English accent he used in that other romantic movie he was recently in . `` Someone ... '' touches on so many emotions , and Ashley Judd is funny and manic , and her comic timing is great . I am very happy that I bought this movie . Do n't miss the cheerleader scene . Hugh Jackman was gorgeous .
 Decent romantic fair with Ashley Judd playing a woman so fed up with dating that she creates a theory linking Males to animals . The premises is better than it sounds , with a great leading performance by Huge Jackman and a great supporting role for Marisa Tormie . Definitely give it a try .
 Despite the mediocre ratings about this movie , I happen to think this movie is great . It 's about this woman in her thirties who falls in love with a co-worker only to find that he does n't want to be attached to her . She is heartbroken and lost and along with a friend , uses a dead woman as a pseudonym for an article , comparing men to animals . Little does she realize that the man is n't the problem . The problem is her and how she feels about herself . It does n't matter what age a woman is , she is one way or the other going to experience heartbreak but she is also capable of getting herself back on track and not losing herself . That is pretty much what this movie is about .
 After watching a few trailers online and hearing the words , `` cows '' and `` Hugh Jackman '' together in less than 3 minutes apart , it got me hooked even before I watched the movie . * laughs * Anyway , this is a romantic comedy starring Ashley Judd -LRB- Jane Goodall -RRB- who falls in love with Greg Kinnear -LRB- Ray -RRB- and ends up getting her heart broken by that jerk . Her womanizing roomate , Hugh Jackman -LRB- Eddie -RRB- gives her advice and a shoulder to cry on , and also helps inspire her to write in a collumn in a newspaper about how men are like cows -LRB- weird , I know ... -RRB- . Jane ends up falling in love with Eddie in the end , and it 's the sweetest thing ever . The ending sort of came in a big rush , like they were trying to wrap things up early , but heh it was still good . Hugh Jackman was absolutely amazing in this movie , and I feel like slapping myself for not learning about him sooner . = -RRB-
 This is a very sweet romantic comedy starring Ashley Judd , who does a beautiful job portraying the young innocent woman looking for love . Hugh Jackman is becoming my favorite actors in Hollywood because he plays the role of the macho male perfectly . Judd and Jackman have such great chemistry together ! Even the medeoker Greg Kinnear ca n't ruin this film . This is movie has a very nice ending that has any hopeless romantic giving out a big ahhhhhhhh ! : -RRB-
 I actually bought this movie having never seen it . I saw Greg Kinnear on the box and read the blurb on the back and decided it was cheaper to buy it than to rent it . I absolutely fell in love with Hugh Jackman . Ashley Judd is always adorable in romantic comedies . Greg Kinnear is never bad in his roles , -LRB- but he sometimes picks horrid roles -RRB- . The premise is cute and as romantic comedies go it was n't horrible but it was rather predictable . What made me give it 4 stars is the fact that Hugh Jackman was absolutely delightful as the bad boy casanova . What took Hollywood so long to find him ?
 The three main actors are perfectly cast . Ashley Judd plays Jane just right ; a woman obsessed , yet a sympathetic character -LRB- who has n't become obsessed over a breakup ? -RRB- . Greg Kinnear is perfect as the cheating , lying Ray , especially in the scenes where Ray puts a look of exaggerated emotion on his face , in an attempt to make himself believable.When Jane moves in with Eddie , arguments are sparked over their respective attitudes towards relationships , but they have no problem coexisting in the same space . There are no arguments over cleaning the kitchen/bathroom/living room , no sniping about who left the front door unlocked , none of the usual friction that occurs between roommates , especially when one of them has lived in the apartment for some time and the other one is a newcomer.Eddie and Jane , obviously , have different approaches to being dumped . Jane bemoans her fate and tries to find a reason for Ray 's behavior in her books about animals . Eddie does n't look for reasons , does n't wait for his ex to magically return , and does n't get into another relationship immediately . We do n't know how long it 's been since his girlfriend left him , but we know that his grief was so strong , he took an axe and chopped a hole in the wall of his spare room . Very powerful stuff for a man who 's supposed to be unable to stay with one woman.One of the reasons the movie works is that the two main characters learn from each other in recovering from their breakups . Eddie , in particular , draws in his own pain to help Jane with hers . `` It 's over ! Over ! Why ca n't you just let it go ? '' he asks her.The real ace here is Hugh Jackman as Eddie , initially regarded by Jane as simply a womanizer , the stuff of legend around the office . Jackman faces a very difficult task in making Eddie not only believable , but sympathetic . The `` womanizing coworker '' has been done to death in film ; Jackman 's carefully shaded performance makes Eddie a real person . Eddie is never seen ogling a strange woman on the street , bragging about his sexual conquests , or behaving in any way as though he thinks he 's superior to the women he beds night after night . There 's nothing sleazy about him , and that 's amazing.Jackman successfully walks a fine line here ; the movie is worth it for his performance alone . I wish they 'd left the other ending , the one you can see on the DVD . It 's much better and it really sizzles , making full use of the chemistry between the two leads .
 The best thing about this movie is the introduction of a new -LRB- ? -RRB- male romantic comedy lead that I would like to see in many more such movies . I have since seen Hugh Jackman in Oklahoma ! -LRB- he can sing and dance , too ! -RRB- -- and would love to see more of him . He is too good to waste on the X-Men movies -- tho ' he is probably a lot of what makes those movies fun to watch .
 Star quality and old-fashioned sex-appeal are the highlights of Someone Like You , a fairly predictable romantic comedy than nonetheless tugs at the heartstrings with surprising effectiveness . Ashley Judd is Jane , a talent-booker for a talk show host who has her heart broken by the show 's producer -LRB- Greg Kinnear -RRB- . To spite her ex , Jane moves in with Eddie -LRB- Hugh Jackman -RRB- another staffer who needs a roommate . The results , of course , are predictable . We all know that Jane and Eddie are bound for romance , but the screen-sizzle between Judd and Jackman is more than worth it . Also worth the price are the special features on the DVD , which include an alternate ending which , thankfully , was not used.While Someone Like You wo n't win any points for originality , it does score big-time for romance and chuckles . While it 's definitely not Oscar-quality , it is probably worth owning , especially for the occasional romantic date night .
 I loved this film . Tony Goldwyn -LRB- yes , he 's related -RRB- directs Ashley to a wonderful level in this film . Greg Kinnear is smarmy and good at it -LRB- who knew . . he 's always the nice guy . . no longer -RRB- . Ellen Barkin is ever beautiful and scene stealing . But , like I said up top ... Hugh Jackman . This man is going to be a huge star . He has done a few films , and he will do many more . He was the reason I bought this film , and he did not disappoint . : -RRB-
 This is a great romantic comedy to watch with your special someone . The cast is wonderful and keeps you engaged throughout the film .
 Great movie all women will appreciate - so typical of men and the games they play .
 Hugh Jackman is quickly joining Hugh Grant as a lively romantic comedy leading man . What happens when a talk show producer is dumped for the umpteenth time ? She decides to study the males species with a ghost column and moves in with her womanizing co-worker . The problem is that both discover they are nursing broken hearts in different ways and of course , chemistry strikes .
 This movie has kind of grown on me . I initially did not like this movie very much because I was put off by Hugh Jackman 's character , though , I like the actor a lot . Outwardly he portrays a sort of `` man whore '' . But the more that I have seen this movie , the more that I have `` gotten '' the humor , the meaning , and the sincerity of Ashley Judd 's performance specifically . Ashley Judd really knows how to cry ! There are some classic scenes with Judd expressing her hurt and anger from her last boyfriend -LRB- Greg Kinear -RRB- . These expressions include men bashing , missing his scent , getting obsessive about the way males think , and wanting just to be loved `` truly '' by a man . Ashley Judd really knows how to express herself well and her reactions are both priceless and precious!The moral is good , I believe , but I do have to agree with some of the other reviewers that her relationship with Hugh Jackman is not developed as it should be . You get a sense of how it is suppose to be , but find it a bit unrealistic to `` all of a sudden '' figure out who she really loves . I say , `` watch it '' and you will be able to relate to Ashley Judd 's performance because she seems so real despite her `` out of the blue '' moment .
 This is one of those movies that you will want to watch over and over agin and never get bored !! Hugh Jackman and Ashley Judd have the perfect chemistry ...
 `` Someone Like You '' Starring Ashley Judd , Greg Kinnear and Hugh Jackman is a light romantic comedy that brought a smile to my face . As a 27 year old woman I could relate to the plotline and have had similar experiences and thoughts as Judd 's character in the film . A movie any single woman could relate to and get a good laugh the whole way though . Judd 's performance was empathetic and charming . I also liked her chemistry with both romantic leads and would have been happy with seeing her end up with either one . Her theory on `` cows '' and as they relate to humans was incredibly entertaining and at points seemingly true and that is what made the movie so relatable and entertaining ...
 Hugh Jackman is so handsome , and Ashley Judd is so funny , you will love this movie .
 I ca n't help it . Even though this is basically a chick-flick , I loved it.I guess someone like Sandra Bullock or maybe Jennifer Anniston could have pulled off Ashley 's role as Jane Goodall -LRB- no relation to the gorilla woman -RRB- - after all , chick-flick-chicks are pretty interchangable . But there 's something about Ashley Judd that makes you sit up and think , gosh , this girl -LRB- woman , I guess -RRB- is just a little different . I 'm gon na pay just a little more attention to this one.Maybe it 's the way her character interacts with the other actors . She 's working with `` professional supporting actors '' Greg Kinnear and Marisa Tomei , not to mention the future Wolverine Hugh Jackman . None of their characters , as Jane 's love interest , best friend , and roommate , respectively , have any reason to exist except to provide Ashley with opportunities to be adorable.The screenplay is genuinely witty . There 's one scene in which Ashley finds her diaphragm , which she has apparently been keeping in storage , and blows dust off it . That single action tells you more about her character 's life than twenty pages of dialog . Another hilarious bit has Greg Kinnear 's character reciting an imaginary `` deconstruction '' of male manipulation techniques in terms of Jane/Ashley 's `` New Cow Theory . `` Ashley makes acting in a piece like this look easy , unlike Marisa Tomei , whose over-the-topness makes you a little conscious of the fact that she 's `` on '' -LRB- do n't get me wrong -- Marisa 's cute , too , but she 's no Ashley ! -RRB- . There 's a scene in which Ashley has to run . We all know that Ashley can run like frickin ' Prefontaine . Yet she 's playing a `` girlie '' girl , so she hams it up just enough , with the skidding and arm-waving , so that she looks like a puppy who can barely make it to its dish without banging into the refrigerator.Okay , so I 'm biased . But I liked this movie a lot .
 Not a great film nor is it very original but Someone Like You is a very charming look at trying to find Mr Right . Ashley Judd looks breathtaking and takes her role and gives her the right amount of strength , charm , and intelligence in what could have a been a very boring pathetic role . Greg Kinnear does what he can with a badly written role . Hugh Jackman is charming and likeable as the womanizing roomate of Ashely Judd . The chemistry between the two is amazing and it 's the one thing that really carries the film . I only wish the film focused more on the relationship between these two then between the relationship between Ashley and Greg . It has a predictable and happy ending and is certain to please all lovers of romantic comedies .
 I JUST BOUGHT THIS MOVIE BECAUSE IT IS THE BEST ROMANTIC COMEDY I HAVE SEEN IN A LONG TIME . ASHLEY JUDD IS GREAT , BUT YOU ALSO GOT TO LOVE HUGH JACKMAN BECAUSE HE WAS SENSATIONAL ... THIS MOVIE GIVES YOU HOPE AFTER YOU HAVE HAD YOUR HEARTBROKEN . IT 'S NOT A BIT SAPPY !!!!!
 Ashley Judd does it again in this movie . I loved the emotional roller coaster she goes through . I felt every emotion right with her . Also , Hugh Jackman is sexy as hell . Greg Kinear is cute as a weasle . The story line is predictable but it kept my interest . Guess who is also cast in this movie ... Marisa Tomei . Where the hell has she been ? Her character was okay , but Ashley was terrific . You Better Act Girl !
 This movie was top of the charts in the romantic comedy catagory . I was very impressed by all of the performances . Ashley Judd was great and adorable as always . And Hugh Jackman was Oooh-La-La . If you liked him in this you just have to see him as Wolverine in X-Men . This movie was a must see . I 'm only sorry I waited until it came out on video .
 This movie rocked ! i totally give it 5 stars and recommend it to everyone . Especially Hugh Jackman lovers !
 If you are a heartbrokken person like me you ll love this movie . . It is funny , not boring at all , cute and everything . . Sure it is in my top 10 movies.The script is very good and deep . . Ashley Judd is a great actress ans she rocks . . Also Hugh Jackman appears in this movie . . I believe anyone will love this movie b/c Ashley is so CUTEEE
 i loved this movie it was so grate . I say this is a must see for those in love and out of love .
 Some romantic comedies can be silly , plotless attempt at just getting big names on screen -LRB- examples
 Made me laugh more than once . A fantastic movie to get you into high spirits , and Hugh Jackman is fine as ever .
 When I first started watching this movie I was not impressed . In the beginning it seemed sort of slow , just another typical romantic comedy . However , it got much better and I had to watch again . I 'm usually not a fan of Ashley Judd , but this would have to be one of her best movies .
 While not a cinematic masterpiece , and certainly not Ashley Judd 's finest work , this is an entertaining film . And if all you want is a little eye candy , this is definitely your movie . Lots and lots of cute boys ... A good movie for a night with the girls .
 Let me just start by saying this is not typically the type of movie I would watch , but my sister spoke so highly of it that I thought I would give a try . Once I started the movie I was delighted . Ashley Judd shines in this comedic role and Hugh Jackman is perfect as her leading man . If you like romantic comedies then definetly pick up this DVD . It has heart and a great sound track . I highly recommend it .
 I absolutely loved this movie . It has a great cast who makes you laugh , cry , then roll on the floor . Hugh Jackman is a fine speciman and is perfectly matched to Ashley judd . This is a `` Must Own '' movie .
 I enjoyed this movie a lot . Hugh Jackman and Ashley Judd are both very appealing in these roles , and Greg Kinnear does a nice job with his as well - the jerk who 's just so charming that you ca n't resist , even when you know better than to fall for it . Ellen Barkin does fine with her small role but it is weird that she is the one listed first .
 This is a great romantic comedy . I would n't say that it 's surprising or rip-roaring hilarious , but it is different . It 's not your typical girl meets boy , they do n't like each other , then they fall in love routine . This one is a threesome of sorts , which adds an interesting angle ... or triangle as the case may be . Ashley Judd plays PR person -LRB- or something of that nature - her title is n't named -RRB- Jane Goodall for a sleazy Sally-Jessie-esque talkshow in NYC . Ellen Barkin turns in a very good performance as the sleazy talkshow host . Also working at this talkshow set are Ray -LRB- Greg Kinnear -RRB- and Eddie -LRB- Hugh Jackman -RRB- . Kinnear 's boyish good looks and charm make it easy to believe that Judd 's character falls in love with him quickly , but make a little surprising to find that he 's such a pig ... er , bull . The animal comparisons that underlie the entire plot add a lot of spice to this quintessential chick flick . And I do mean chick flick , if ever there was one . This is one of those movies where women who have ever had their hearts broken can cheer Judd on in her emotional journey -LRB- and breakdown -RRB- . Men without a sense of humor may be a bit offended or take exception to the premise , but all comes out well in the end as in all romantic comedies . Hugh Jackman gives a stellar performance as a hunky womanizer with a sensitive side . Ashley Judd is her usual perky , plucky , sweet self in this film , and her comedic timing is good too . Greg Kinnear , as previously mentioned , was a good choice for his role as the third main character in this love triangle . Also worth mentioning is the lesser part played by Marissa Tomei , as Jane 's best friend Liz . Tomei is as good as ever , even in this small supporting role -- and so adorable ! I own this DVD and have seen it at least five times -- it 's a definite buy for any woman who is a fan of romantic comedies .
 Awwww , how cute . Unabashed chick flick . Very funny . Very predictable . Greg Kinnear ... what a creep he was in this . -LRB- and he was so good at it -RRB- Hugh Jackman ... Lordie he was funny . Ashley Judd . . Who knew she could be this funny ? The cow parallel was just inspiration . It made no sense , but it was beautiful . This film is a fun way to spend a couple hours with your honey .
 Forget about trying to take this film seriously - just let yourself go and have fun ! It 's billed as an Ashley Judd film , and she 's great , but truly the whole key hinges on the chemistry between Ashley and Hugh Jackman , who is absolutely adorable in this film ! They are magic together . The premise is kind of weird and hard to believe , but as I said , just have fun with it ! Greg Kinnear is good , too , but the way , as is Ellen Barkin . But Hugh makes the film !
 I thought Someone Like You was a great movie . Ashley Judd does an amazing job but even better was Hugh Jackman . He fit completely to his character and was just a big heart throb to watch ! Then again , me being a HUGE Hugh jackman fan , its most likely that i will comment on him the most . Marrissa Tomei was also good but i thought the role of Ray -LRB- Greg Kinnear -RRB- could have been thought out a bit better . Greg Kinnear on screen seemed a bit more of a joke than anything . You should definetly buy this movie tho if u like romantic comedies cuz it will leave you breathless . -LRB- and if it does n't , Hugh Jackman certainly will when you see him in it wearing nothing but tight black boxers !!!! -RRB- ~ amanda ~ p.s. -LRB- HJ RULES !!!! -RRB-
 This is the first movie I 've seen Ashley Judd do comedy in & I thought she did a fantastic job . Judd plays Jane Goodale , the producer of a talk show , who gets dumped by Ray -LRB- Greg Kinnear -RRB- . In her time of relationship mourning she develops The New Cow Theory which explains that like cows , men grow tired of women after they `` get '' them & move on to a `` new cow . '' Based on Laura Zigman 's book , Animal Husbandry , the screen adaptation was cutely done . Ashley Judd & Hugh Jackman have great on-screen chemistry and Greg Kinnear does a great job of playing an annoying ex-boyfriend . If you 're looking for a light , romantic-comedy this movie is perfect for you . It 's simple entertainment , with some cute male-female concepts . As long as you do n't take it too seriously & appreciate it for what it is , I think you 'll like it . From a person who enjoys watching cutesy romantic comedies , over & over again-I know I will .
 A very good , enjoyable romantic comedy . Hugh Jackman is very sexy . I wo n't eat Chinese noodles again without thinking of the kitchen scene !
 I 'm not exactly sure how to tell which release of the DVD you have other than reading the back of the case and checking the special features ... But the version I got includes both a full screen and widescreen presentation , but NO SPECIAL FEATURES other than a trailer and director 's commentary.The deleted scenes and alternate ending present in other releases ARE NOT THERE.I did n't realize versions like this existed , but confirm the dvd has what you want before you buy.The film itself I give the four stars .
 Although this is about a love story which eventually ... does n't work , Someone Like You contains more romantism than all of the similar comedies of the last year added together . After spending some time with collegue Eddie , Jane has come to the conclusion that men can never be faithfull to their lover . She 's dissapointed with males and in order to give some logical explanation to her emotional troubles she starts comparing them well , with bulls . There 's nothing better than to sit and watch Ashley Judd for a couple hours . She so beautifull , definetely one of the most appealing stars in Hollywood right now . When the whole thing is supported with a witty , original screenplay though , the results are pure magic . Our heroine is human , imperfect and insecure and that 's just what makes her seem so friendly to us . The suprise here is Jackman who after brutal comic-hero Wolfverine , delivers another very good perfomance and reveals a decent -LRB- if nothing more -RRB- talent in comedy . During a new year 's Eve ceremony with Judd shouting `` three , two , one '' with tears in her eyes , comes the film 's most touching moment . Although certainlty not the new masterpiece of the movie world , Someone Like You will bring a smile in your face and make your evening -LRB- maybe even your whole week -RRB- seem somehow sweeter .
 MY HUSBAND LIKED THIS MOVIE ON TV ; SO I GOT FOR HIM AS A CHRISTMAS PRESENT . I LIKE IT AS WELL . THE MOVIE IS VERY FUNNY AND CUTE AT THE SAME TIME .
 There are certain movies that encapsulate so perfectly an actor 's appeal . Doc Hollywood is that movie and Michael J. Fox is that actor . Before illness defined Fox , he was known as being quick and charming , quirky and brainy . Doc Hollywood showcases all that I love about the actor.This is also very much an ensemble movie . The town 's inhabitants are ridiculously charming . David Ogden Stiers shines brightly as the mayor of a small town . You have Woody Harrelson in a hilarious role as an insurance agent and Bridget Fonda doing southern like no one should ever do again . Julie Warner , as the love interest , is n't as fetching as you want her to be - but what can you do?I 've seen it again and again and still love it so .
 The movie is funny , entertaining and well performed . My wife & I laughed a lot during the film & wish Hollywood would make more films like this one . Except for possibly one nude scene , the whole family could watch it .
 wonderful movie and very speedy delivery . the movie was actually for my dad as a christmas present so i was glad i could find one of his favorite movies .
 This was one of his best films in my opinion because the plot and story-line are belieable.I also loved the way the story unfolded .
 Very entertaining and I love watching it while the stars are really great ! I really enjoy Michael performance and very funny in some scenes .
 My favorite time in the book is the Venus de Milo scene . I hope that many people keep watching the movie through more and more decades . It is a classic .
 One of my all time favorite movies . I Love Michael J. Fox in his role of misplaced doctor . Cute movie .
 Great plotGreat comedyGreat CastOutstanding movie you can see over and over and never get tire of it .
 really funny movie ... i saw this back in the day ... a nostalgic look at how living can be ... buy it and enjoy it . .
 OK , lets get the bad news out of the way first . Is this a bad DVD transfer , yes . It 's not letterboxed and the picture , while not as bad as other reviews make it seem , is n't up to usual DVD standards.That aside , should you buy this ? Yes!Doc Hollywood is one of those movies that keeps you coming back for more . It 's so well written and so well acted , you ca n't help but want to know these characters better . Fox and Warner are terrific and have good chemistry while David Ogden Stires nearly steals the show as the flolksy , down-to-earth mayor . This is indeed a picture for everyone.Don ' t let the DVD 's shortcomings put you off , it 's perfectly viewable and enjoyable . This is the only way you can get this film right now and , after all , the price is right .
 Too often , Hollywood directors seem to forget that cinematic success comes in the form of great characters . Doc Hollywood , though , is one of those films that proves the rule . This movie is chock full of great characters , even in some of the smallest of roles - and it 's not just the people , for the small town in which the story takes place is quite a character unto itself . The town of Grady is sort of an updated version of Mayberry - idyllic , of course , but nonetheless charming and evocative . It 's the kind of place you can only find in the South.Of course , Dr. Ben Stone -LRB- Michael J. Fox -RRB- has blinders on when he first arrives . Having just left the hustle and bustle -LRB- and blood -RRB- of a large D.C. hospital , he 's on his way to La La Land in hopes of snagging a cushy job in the lucrative practice of cosmetic surgery . On his cross-country drive , he gets as far as South Carolina before fate steps in , leaving Stone temporarily stuck in the small town of Grady with a banged-up sports car and a judge 's sentence of thirty-two hours of community medical service . Grady is in great need of a new doctor to replace the aging Dr. Hogue -LRB- Barnard Hughes -RRB- , and everyone in town -LRB- well , almost everyone -RRB- - from the mayor -LRB- David Ogden Stiers -RRB- to the official welcoming committee of ladies and on down to the local farmers - makes no bones about their hopes of enticing him to stay . Even the glory of the annual squash festival ca n't do much to equal the scales , though , as California promises fortune and excitement , while a practice in Grady promises only a barely decent salary and quiet , country living . Predictably , though , Stone finds love - or at least the prospect for love - with the local ambulance driver . He and Lou -LRB- Julie Warner -RRB- , a single mother and aspiring law student , engage in a lot of mutual flirtation , but she quickly becomes something much more than a mere conquest for Stone , which makes his decision whether to stay in Grady or snatch the gold ring in California much more difficult than he ever would have thought.With the help of a fantastic cast , Grady quickly begins to feel a lot like home for the viewer . With just a little interaction here and there , you really come to know a vast number of people - the mayor , the local mechanic , the judge , old Doc Hogue , the implacable Nurse Packer , the illiterate family who depends on the doc to read them the family letters they receive , and the list just goes on . Two of the faces are particularly recognizable
 This has been one of my favorite movies since first viewing . I recently picked-up the DVD , and was disappointed by the translation . The picture quality was mediocre , no update to dolby digital sound , and no additional features . Still , for the price , a great value on DVD .
 Do you know the name of the charming town the movie was filmed in ? In the movie , the town is named Grady , SC . However , the movie was actually filmed in Micanopy , FL , the oldest inland-town in Florida , and as much an old southern town as you will ever find anymore . Its houses on the main street are still like in the movie and in the beginning of last century . Big live oaks form canopies over the roads . An 1890 warehouse is home to the historical museum , where you can see displays of life in town over the centuries and the filming of Doc Hollywood . The charm of the movie depends in large part on this beautiful scenery , and it is still there to explore.Doc Hollywood
 Michael J. Fox , David Ogden Stiers , Woody Harrelson and all the supporting cast members are wonderful in this small , quiet story of a stranded doctor in a seemingly stagnant southern town . It 's not a masterpiece , not an award winner , not an enduring example of its genre , but it is fun , and it is sweet , and it offers a nice escape from the troubles of the day . For decent folks , it 's a very decent 90-minutes of movie magic .
 It is a real shame that illness has struck down Michael Fox . I only hope that things will change for the better for him . Anyway , While I liked his Back to the Future Series . Doc Hollywood is far and beyond the better film . What with a stronger plot , sharper writing , a charming and talented cast is it no wonder that I feel that this film will stand the test of time ? So if you want to spend some time and walk away with a good feeling in your heart then give this film a shot .
 Michael J. Fox as Dr. Ben Stone is desperate for a high-dollar , high-class career as a plastic surgeon in Beverly Hills ... but his trip to his hot new job takes a detour when he winds up in a small Southern town . Full of humor , Southern charm , and colorful characters , this movie is a winner all the way around . A brief bit of nudity , but nothing I 'd send the kids out of the room for . Too bad there ca n't be a sequel , and I wish Fox well as he struggles with Parkinson 's .
 Julie Warner , for me , was the highlight of the movie . I believe she was 25 when she filmed her role as Lou the ambulance driver . A gorgeous woman ; especially in the diner -LRB- first encounter with Ben Stone -RRB- . I have read through all the reviews and I had to post my own because someone discredited Julie Warner as an actress . I believe she did an outstanding job.The film is great to enjoy over and over . I am content with my VHS copy . I wo n't buy the DVD because of all the negative reviews.The movie takes place in a small , rural town in South Carolina -LRB- really filmed in Florida -RRB- . It is a classic boy-meets-girl story . I wo n't rehash what most people have said thus far as to the overall story.I thoroughly enjoyed Barnard Hughes ' role as Dr. Aurelius Hogue . He was the grandfather in The Lost Boys , in Blossom -LRB- TV series -RRB- and played in numerous other roles . A fine actor . He added so much to this film , I can not begin to say.I can and have watched this film numerous times . A great treasure to own . I enjoyed it the first time I saw it in the theater and the many times I have seen it since purchasing it.The movie is great , but the DVD is bad . So , I am giving it a 5 as a movie .
 One of Michael J. Fox best films , great interaction with cast , filmed I believe on location in Georgia . Great ending , really liked this one
 Doc Hollywood is one of my favorite `` feel good '' movies . Despite a strong desire for success and money , Dr. Benjamin Stone comes to the conclusion that love , friends , and community are far more important . Very good support by Julie Warner , Barnard Hughes , Woody Harrelson , David Ogden Stiers , Frances Sternhagen , Bridget Fonda , George Hamilton , and Mel Winkler . I find it hard to believe that the movie is rated so low on IMDB.Careful , when you click on `` doc hollywood widescreen , '' you get this full-screen version.I have had several VHS copies over the years . I just bought this DVD version . I understand that full-screen is the only DVD version -LRB- and that the movie has been edited -RRB- . If anyone ever locates the wide-screen DVD , please post info .
 This is a fun , feel good movie about small town living and the people who live in them . Loved this movie and have watched it 3 times . It 's a movie that has some really funny lines that you will miss unless you watch it serval times . I 'm a big Michael J. Fox fan .
 As far as the DVD itself goes , it is definitely nothing fancy . Hopefully at some point in the future it will get a better treatment , but as far as the movie goes it is great . Personally I think it was Michael J. Fox 's best movie outside the Back to the Future series.It is a classic fish out of water story . Doctor is driving across the country to take a job in Los Angeles and gets stuck working at the hospital in a small town after destroying the town judge 's fence . It is totally absurd from a reality concept , but it is one of those stories that if you can suspend your disbelief on that part , you can enjoy the rest of it . I think all the actors did a great job . The great David Ogden Stiers was awesome as the mayor , but even all the supporting actors did well and brought something to the story.Even though the story is predictable , and you can see where it is going from a mile away , the acting is great , and the story is told in a very entertaining way . Like I said before , the DVD is very bare bones . No features and not the best DVD transfer . But at the moment it is between this and the VHS version , and for $ 6 I think this is worth having in your DVD collection .
 Michael J. Fox is the perfect example of the romantic , quirky , funny , and sweet kind of man all girls dream about . . plus he is pretty easy on the eyes without being like one of the metrosexual `` men '' we see in movies these days . Doc Hollywood is a cute romantic comedy with plenty for the guys to like too . You ca n't help but laugh at Woody Harrelson 's character ... what a goombah ! You ca n't go wrong with this one .
 Hollywood hotshot and Doctor who does assembly line procedures gets stranded in a small town where he is fined to do community services . He finds a whole lot more than he thought he would in this small town . Yeah , fluff-n-stuff perhaps and all the other criticisms I 've read . But really , it 's a sentimental , touching film about personal growth and love . I have no real complaints about it . No , it is n't Gone With The Wind but what is but Gone With The Wind ? It 's never going to be a super classic . But it IS one of Michael J. Fox 's lesser classic films .
 Do miss the humor of Michael J Fox . The punching of the time-clock was memorable , it brought the audience back to the time before all the computers . The Nurse Packer was terrific . All-in-all very entertaining .
 Excellent FAST service !! Found what I needed fast and came in the mail as fast as they promised . I would definately order from them againa and again !
 What a good feel good movie why no Blueray available yet MJ Fox is a pleasure to watch at the top of his game bringing warmth and joy
 Cute story . Julie Warner topless . Michael J. Fox at his best . Good acting . Enjoyable popcorn & pepsi film . Did I mention Julie Warner topless ?
 This is one of my favorite Michael J. Fox movies . Two of the biggest shames to me - Michael J. Fox getting struck down in full stride of his career , and Julie Warner being absolutely wasted after this movie and `` Mr. Saturday Night . '' I fell in love with her . She displays why that 's so easy in this movie , overflowing with her easygoing , charming natural approach on the screen . And Fox , who plays her romantic interest as an out of town Doc on his way to the west coast , is outstanding . Many found the premise of him as a young doctor stuck in a small town to `` pay his dues '' a little too much of a stretch . More than a high school kid who flies a DeLorean back to the future ? Fox is as polished as ever , displaying the wealth of experience he 'd accrued up to this point in his career , giving a performance better than that of some of his most beloved movies . The ensemble cast is great at accentuating the small town feel that can thrown an anchor on any city-slicker in a hurry to elsewhere . You feel this small town that is the backdrop to this unassuming light hearted romance . Great contributions from the entire cast , right up to George Hamilton 's chuckling cameo . This is a one of those `` under the radar '' jewels of the 80s . I 'm a little disappointed to see it 's not availablle yet on widescreen , like several other 70s and 80s gems I 'm waiting on to correct that . Otherwise , if you do n't yet buy it , see it .
 I am from a small town in South Carolina and this movie made me feel very nostalgic . I indeed do remember how laid back everything was and I miss it . The writers and actors hit the nail on the head with the characters and overall `` feel '' of `` Grady '' . Of course , there is no such place in the Palmetto State , but everyone was right on target . Brief nudity but done in a very respectful way that 's even comical with an aire of sophistication by Julie Warner . Someone else wrote that she would n't send her kids out of the room due to the nudity . My wife and I agree and our kids -LRB- aged 10 and 8 -RRB- love this movie . Highly recommend !
 This is a very enjoyable and funny movie with a heartwarming ending . All Michael J. Fox fans be sure to get this ! There are many good supporting characters such as
 This is a comedy that does every thing just right . It has plenty of laughs and a great story . It also has characters you really like and a love story you find yourself actually interested in . The nice country feel also added much to the movie.If your a fan of romantic comedies , go rent this movie .
 Just the scene with Fox and Warner dancing to Patsy Cline 's `` Crazy '' is enough to justify purchasing this film . It took my breath away.It recaptured for me the days of my young manhood , courting the prettiest girl at the dance .
 To my wife and I , this is one of the classic romantic comedies . It 's that perfect storm of dialogue , superb character acting , and style . As we have watched this DVD probably 40 or 50 times over the last so many years , I find it to be always heartwarming and gentle . The quirky characters jump off the screen . David Ogden Stiers as the Mayor is delightful . Julie Warner 's `` Lou '' has just the right combination of vulnerability and caution and you empathize with her when Ben leaves , even though you know this will work out . The Judge , Nurse Packer , and the great Barnard Hughes are a package made in Hollywood heaven . Add to that mix the golden age ladies , an adorable Bridget Fonda , as the antsy Mayor 's daughter , and a young Woody Harrelson and this movie is a gem . We are lovers of rom-coms and this is right at the top for us .
 first off lets just remind ourselfs what a really good film doc hollywood is , its the sort of film you can slide into the dvd player anytime , so easy to watch , good acting , good direction from caton jones AGAIN !! now to those idiots at warner !!! ok having had a dvd player now for four years i can do without novelty extas , but please please present the film how it shoud be , in anamorphic widescreen , its such a shame because i really cant see warners redoing this gem of a film , this is not the first film they have ruined though !! too many too mention !! note to warner sort your films and your horid clip cases out , because i for one shy away from those evil paper jobs !!!
 I would have given this 5 stars , but I have to skip the scene where Doc Ben stone meets `` the girl '' due to nudity . I especially liked Woody Harrelsons character since I sell insurance . If you like the opening song ONE AND ONLY as i do , it seems that it is not on the sound track and is otherwise unavailable .
 The title immediately put me off . The star , Michael J Fox immediately put me off . But once I got past those 2 major obstacles and settled in , I found a little gem of a movie.Fox 's young doctor , all full of spit and vinegar , sets off across country to medical nirvana
 In the hands of joel schumacher and the acting lead of Adam Sandler , this romantic comedy would have been dumbed down to the level of a third grader and the nudity would have reached gratuitous proportions , but Michael J. Fox does a convincing job playing an upity young doctor who discovers that dreams take unexpected turns -- sometimes for the better.En route to Beverly Hills for his dream job , Benjamin Stone -LRB- Fox -RRB- gets punnished with community service after wrecking a farmer/judge 's fence with his car . Fox carries out his sentence while his car is being fixed by two mechanics who act as if they have never seen anything other than a model T and hillarity ensues as city and country folk learn they have a lot more in commmon than previously thought.Belieing the stereotypes of southern women , The ambulance driver Lou , is a feisty animal rights activist and single parent who is well-read . The romantic tension and chemistry between her and Fox is convincing .
 Michael J Fox is adorable , as usual . His fans will not be disappointed in this early comic movie of his .
 Just a fun little movie that you can watch over and over again . Fast service ... great experience . I def recommend .
 This film is the perfect offbeat movie for a lazy summer afternoon . Michael J. Fox and the supporting cast create a sense of place and time where the lowly squash is king -LRB- or it queen ? -RRB- . Fox loses his way in the Carolinas as he travels to Lotus Land for a new job as a plastic surgeon . A good movie to remind you what is important in life - pigs , kudzu , and a Porsche Speedster . It is such a lovely little film that the DVD presentation should be a crime . The picture quality is horrible and it is not letterboxed . No trailers , director 's comment -LRB- which would have been GREAT -RRB- , or added features . Just the movie , nothing extra . It appears some distributor 's ten-year-old son was learning to burn a DVD for the first time and was given this as a project . Somebody should be ashamed . It 's like serving a Heineken in a dirty baby bottle . Warner Brothers clearly dropped the ball on this . Loved the movie . Hated the DVD .
 I normally can not watch movies on airplanes for some reason . I first saw `` Doc Hollywood '' on the grueling Boston-LA flight , and it immediately captured and held my interest for the entire flight . More than anything , that fact illustrates that this is a truly engaging flick . This is a genuinely funny movie . One thing that this movie does is lay to rest any doubts anyone might have had about Michael J. Fox 's acting ability . In my opinion he turns in a stellar performance , albeit supported by fine jobs by the supporting cast . The part where he finally goes to LA is absolutely hysterical , by the way.The story is very simple -LRB- no spoilers here -RRB- . The protagonist -LRB- Michael J. Fox -RRB- is on his way to a job interview for a position as a plastic surgeon in Beverly Hills . He has an accident in a small Southern town -LRB- `` Grady '' -RRB- and is sentenced to several hundred hours of community service . The town needs a doctor , and its real purpose is to recruit him as a permanent resident physician . Naturally , Doc meets a nice girl and now the choice is between money as a big-shot LA plastic surgeon and lifestyle in a nice rural setting . There 's a lot more . I wo n't spoil it for you . Doc 's slow assimilation into the town of Grady is wonderfully done . This movie manages to be both touching and funny , and I say this as one who is normally not much for comedy or date flicks.Michael J. Fox shows in this movie that he had the potential to go far , as indeed he did .
 When future film critics decide to analyze the career of Michael J. Fox , they will likely say his talents were best suited to television , with an acknowledgement that he did star in the BACK TO THE FUTURE series . This will be a shame , as Fox has been an ingratiating , very enjoyable actor to watch , in most of his films , and DOC HOLLYWOOD is one of his best roles.As breezy , fast-talking Washington , D.C. surgeon Dr. Ben Stone , who dreams of making big money doing plastic surgery in Hollywood , but finds his true calling as a general practitioner in a small southern hamlet , Fox is so ` right ' that you ca n't imagine any other actor in the role . After a minor traffic accident enroute to California forces him to do ` public service ' in fictional Grady , South Carolina , taking on much of the workload of a crusty old local physician -LRB- the always enjoyable Barnard Hughes -RRB- , Stone becomes the ` talk ' of the town , and rustic but wise Mayor Nick Nicholson -LRB- David Ogden Stiers , in one of his most engaging performances -RRB- , starts ` selling ' the joys of country life to the cosmopolitan young doctor . A quilt with ` magical ' powers provides a nude vision of the girl he 's destined to love , ` Lou ' -LRB- Julie Warner -RRB- , who turns out to be working at his office ; his hormone-fueled pursuit of her , and her pragmatic ` indifference ' to his flirtations make their gradual romance edgy and fun to watch.In a town full of colorful characters , two ` stars in the making ' stand out ; Woody Harrelson , as ` Lou 's ' suitor , Hank Gordon , a country variation of his bartending character from ` Cheers ' , talks dumb but has a knack for selling , only lacking a place to make big money at it ; and Bridget Fonda , as Mayor Nicholson 's oversexed but ` out of place ' daughter , hopes Stone will take her away to the bright lights of Hollywood . Both stars are terrific in their supporting roles , and show the charisma that would lead them to stardom.DOC HOLLYWOOD is full of charming vignettes , from Stone vicariously reading the mail for an illiterate farm couple , to being paid for services rendered with a rather large pig , who ultimately becomes his ` pet ' . The film abounds in warm comic touches that are guaranteed to bring a smile!With a very funny cameo by George Hamilton , as the Hollywood plastic surgeon Stone dreams of working with , DOC HOLLYWOOD hits all the right notes for a terrific entertainment . My only complaint about the film is that it was actually filmed in Florida ; as a South Carolina resident , I can attest that MANY of our small towns could have doubled quite nicely for Grady ... DOC HOLLYWOOD is a film I 'm proud to have in my collection !
 Love this movie . Seen it several times . But wo n't be purchasing the dvd until I can get it in widescreen .
 When is this dvd going to be out in a Widescreen version ? I really like this film and thought this was some of Fox 's best work .
 This is going to be a very short but to the point review . This movie is just great . A lot of fun and laughs filmed in an environment that makes you wish you could be there . A real town with real people so `` down home and honest '' you 'll find yourself looking on the map for this place . Truely a magical experience you 'll enjoy again and again .
 There are two points that you should note before you buy this DVD . First , there is one nude scene . Second , the production quality has not been enhanced , and there are no special features on this DVD.HOWEVER , I love this movie . Michael J. Fox is hilarious as well as convincing . The supporting cast is beautifully quirky , deceptively complex and interesting . There is a stunning contrast between the Washington DC hospital where Dr. Stone completes his training -LRB- violent & tumultuous -RRB- , the small southern town that he is trying to escape -LRB- serene & friendly -RRB- and the LA plastic surgery practice that he wants to join -LRB- cold & impersonal -RRB- . While serving as the small town 's GP , he learns through his interactions with the locals that living in a peaceful town is a quality of life choice - not a horrible fate for those that do n't know better . I can watch this one over and over .
 How long will we have to wait for this classic to be released in widescreen ?
 With its `` hardened city boy recognizes what is important in life '' plot , as predictable as that might be , I found this movie to be warm , funny , and poignant . It fits my general criteria defining a good movie in that the lead characters were likeable with a good chemistry , the story is sufficient to keep my attention , and it has a happy ending . I have always enjoyed the romantic comedy genre and this movie fits the mold well.The chemistry between Michael J. Fox and Julie Warner is good and the interplay with the other characters -LRB- played by David Ogden Stiers , Barnard Hughes , etc. -RRB- is enjoyable to watch . Coupled with the small town setting in rural GA , its simple truths and more relaxed view of life are vaguely reminiscent of the old Andy of Mayberry TV show - and that 's not a bad thing.While not the type of movie that ever receives critical recognition , this movie is simply a pleasure to watch . It does something I find all too rare in the films that tend to be recognized in the `` let 's - give-ourselves-another-award-for-making-a-deep-dark-and-brooding-film '' world of the awards shows - Doc Hollywood left me feeling good and I enjoyed the time I spent watching it . Some would call this solely a `` chick flick '' but I grade it as a good , light romance for all and a DVD that 's a must in your collection for those days when you just feel a desire to watch something `` happy '' .
 This is a cute movie and holds your attention . Speaking about attention , I 'm not saying that Julie Warner is like Hedy Lamar ; but they both where the same suit when they come out of the water -LRB- birthday . -RRB- And George Hamilton plays a similar character as he does in `` 8 Heads in a Duffel Bag '' -LRB- 1997 -RRB- . I am glad it is not one of those letterbox -LRB- have to look at the black lines -RRB- pictures . They are ok but distracting when not necessary.Dr . Benjamin Stone is on his way to try out for a new job as a high paid plastic surgeon . Due to impedance in the road , he is forced to detour through a local fence . The fence just happened to be owned by the judge . When the judge finds out that Ben Stone is a doctor , he requires Ben to pay with community service and the story snowballs from there.Will Ben stay in the one pig town or will he finally move on to the big city?This is a cute movie with many twists and turns .
 This was the third DVD I ever bought , simply because it was inexpensive . It is a wonderful movie with great characters , and I have watched it at least as often as any other DVD in my collection . Very enjoyable . Be forewarned , however , that the DVD transfer quality is very poor . The first time I watched it , I was surprised when I saw `` lint '' on the picture in some frames ! You can forgive that when you remember how little you paid .
 You had the DVD in stock and it arrived in a timely manner.Thank you .
 This is a gem of a movie , with Michael J Fox successfully pulling off a character that is full of contradiction -- arrogant , rude , humble , vulnerable , in command , embarrassed , cute , love struck , hurt , compassionate , abrasive , exposed , depressed , angry , and principled . Fox masterfully pulls off all of these conflicting characteristics in a believable way.His facial expressions are subtly humorous and memorable , and five of the six sections of dialogue between him and Julie Warner alone are charming , witting and riveting.Every one of the supporting cast members give equally stellar performances , and the reasons for the various types of conflict in the story are believable and heart warming.I 'm surprised Julie Warner 's career did n't go further after this , and I would 've loved to see other romantic comedies starring both Fox and Wagner together , as we 've seen with John Travolta and Olivia Newton-John , Fred Astaire and Ginger Rogers etcetera . There appeared to be chemistry between them that sets the television on fire every time I watch it.I bought this video after checking it out from the library , and I expect it to be one of these videos I turn to when I want to lose myself in the world these two create for us . And this in spite of the fact that I do n't naturally gravitate to romantic comedies.I have two criticisms of the movie -- one has to do with the lack of emotion that Warner sometimes shows during critical moments in her relationship with Fox -- for example , when they finally unite , she ends this kiss with the statement `` nice tonsils '' . While this was funny , I thought it sort of spoiled the moment and did n't do justice to the fact that fox had just given her unconditional love on her own terms.And second , there is a scene where Fox and Warner start urinating all over different parts of a forest to deter deer from approaching a deer blind . Initially , Fox reacts with confusion , which lends credibility to the scene -LRB- as this is exactly what I felt -RRB- , but it seemed unfitting for Wagner 's character , and hardly an experience that would trigger the affection and love for one another that eventually leads to their relationship blossoming.But this is a minor criticism -- I know of no other movie that has had such a riveting effect on me , and I think it 's one that belongs in just about any collection .
 Length :
 There are two reasons I bought a copy of DH - and they belong to Julie Warner . That morning at the lake just blows me away . Sorry , Mom . B - -RRB-
 It 's a simple and romantic comedy . Michael Fox does a good performance
 It 's all worth it for Julie Warner 's opening scene ... Yippee !
 Love the movie , great purchase , fast delivery . I would purchase from this vendor again .
 Doc Hollywood puts Michael J Fox at his best -- again!Loved the romantic story here and the unlikely twist of fate .
 This is an excellent film about the love of country life in today 's rather complex world .
 I thoroughly enjoyed this movie . Yes , it maybe a chic flick , but its worth owning and watching again . I had the pleasure of staying in Micanopy , FL , where this was filmed and it 's a charming town . I could talk about the reality of life is n't always what we expect it to be , or want it to be . . but , I wont . Doc Hollywood is a great movie . Enjoy !
 Just a fun movie I 've seen several times and still laugh ! It 's great to watch how Michael W. Fox 's Character changes and grows . Because of some sensitive material , I would not let children under 16 watch it in IMO .
 Doc Hollywood starring Michael J. Fox is a really good romantic comedy , too bad it never became a cult classic . Julie Warner and Bridget Fonda also star . I like this quirky film , love to see Michael J. Fox at his best . I highly recommend this small-town adventure , enjoy !
 Spoilers below!This is a wonderful movie , with a great cast , fine acting , nice cinematography , and a satisfying plot . Fox , Warner , Fonda , and Harrelson are all wonderful in their roles , as are the supporting players . I want to say that up front because I have some critical things to say about the mind set behind the film.So many of the actors in this film have played Northern roles that I often expect one of them to blurt out , `` Ca n't get theyah from heeya . '' The script has fun with typical stereotypes ; the worst redneck in the film , Woody Harrelson , only wants to sell the city boy insurance -LRB- which , funnily , might be worse than a beating -RRB- . This may be the Deep South , but it 's a Hollywoodized version that contains illiteracy and pigs and a squash parade on the one hand and a woman who 's studying for the bar plus mechanics who know their way around the insides of a vintage Porsche on the other . In the end , despite the trappings , Grady is really Small Town , Anywhere . And that serves the movie 's purpose well , since what we learn from Ben Stone 's sojourn in Grady is that many of us yearn for our culture 's small town roots , where everyone knows everyone else , where the doctor makes house calls and the nice lady at the breakfast joint knows what each of her patrons wants without being told . We like to have this side of our nature petted and stroked by movies even though , as a society , we have frantically voted and bought our way toward having the exact opposite kind of country . -LRB- Where would WalMart fit into the lives of Gradyites ? MacDonald 's ? We are n't told . -RRB- A movie like this , with the kind of values it supposedly emphasizes , can make us forget the choices we 've made that have all but extinguished many of the Gradys in America.Watch for a scene right out of Local Hero in which Fox listens to the weather forecast for Grady on his phone while looking out on LA city lights . The parallels are too obvious , even so far as both Mac and Ben driving Porsches . Local Hero might be seen as the pattern for this film , but with more of an ambiguous ending , and it is a bit more pragmatic about our chances of living the kind of life valued in Doc Hollywood ; we do n't know whether Mac ever makes it back to that tiny Scottish hamlet , whereas we get our dose of comfort at the climax of this film when Ben makes the `` right '' choice in the end . So we do feel good after watching this movie , and for most folks that 's what movies are for . But do the values portrayed in the film make us want to preserve the Gradys and Bedford Falls we seemingly long for ?
 I like the movie quite a bit . I received it quickly and in great shape , and at a great price . Thanks .
 As most of micheal j. fox 's movie 's it 's a liht comedy wicth keep 's you interested.It is just real enough tobelive some thing could realy happen or cloase to it .
 Great chemistry with the entire collection of actors . Looks like the cast must have had a blast putting this one together . The role is a perfect one for Fox . Harrelson , Hughes , Warner and Ogden Stiers and Fonda are all fantastic in their respective roles . Casting director did a beautiful job selecting folks for the film . Movie even includes a cameo by Buster Keaton . And the dance to Patsy Cline 's Crazy is flawless.But as others have mentioned , the DVD transfer is unfortunate . Please PLEASE correct this with a release on Blu-ray .
 This movie , while cheesy , is a very succinct representation of the human condition . We think that we have it all figured out , and all of a sudden we are struck with the realization that we are n't in control . Upon that discovery we try to fight back to realize that we did n't know as much as we did ; however , realizing that we have weak spots we begin to trust in who we are.This movie is a tremendous tale for those who think exceptionalism in one aspect of life = exceptionalism in all . To be slightly ridiculous , I could see the mayor is realistically a Buddha figure in this movie . While not watching it more than is warranted based on the need , I think you could agree that this movie is a little more deep than it is given it 's just reward.At least love , in all it 's complication is given it 's due . I do n't remember the last time I saw a lead character give his all for a girl with a daughter ... which is wonderful.Get over yourself , use your human reasoning , and enjoy this for what it is ; a human being , in all their pompous frailty , finding heaven .
 This movie appears to have been simply transferred from VHS to DVD : the picture quality is poor .
 This is one of my all time favorite movies & should be in everyone 's collection . The main reason for my review though is I found an older brief mention of this info on another website ... but , a PAL format `` Amorphoric Widescreen '' Doc Hollywood was released in March 2006 . I ordered it from Amazon.com.uk for the total price of $ 10.00 -LRB- 3.99 + shipping -RRB- & received my order here in the U.S. approx . 9 days later.Here is a direct link :[ ... -RSB- It 's kinda strange -LSB- ... -RSB- does n't list the aspect ratio -LRB- it 's 1:85:1 -RRB- or that 's it 's widescreen ... however , even though it 's in PAL format ... this is your only choice for now if you that want to own this awsome movie in Amorphoric Widescreen !
 Benjamin Stone is a young doctor driving to L.A where he was offered a new job as a plastic surgeon in Beverly Hills . He gets off the highway to avoid a traffic jam , but gets lost and ends up crashing into a fence in the small town of Grady . He is sentenced to 32 hrs of community service at the local hospital . All he wants is to serve the sentence and get moving , but gradually the locals become attached to the new doctor , and he falls for the pretty ambulance driver , Lou . `` Doc Hollywood '' is an excellent movie and very well done . The comedy is very good throughout the movie and the characters are all very interesting . This is a feel-good , fun movie . I would definitely recommend this movie to anyone .
 If you like romantic comedies , you 'll enjoy `` Doc Hollywood '' . Starring Michael J. Fox , it is everything you would want in a romatic comedy , with attractive , likeable stars and talented , interesting supporting characters ... and a cute pig.I watched it with my two teenage daughters - it ended with us all smiling!One note
 This is a great movie for a date night . Good for both man and woman . Interesting and fun . Have watched numerous times . Always good for a rainy afternoon.Is that your pig ?
 Loved this movie the first time we saw it.Always enjoy Michael J. Fox and this time it was a different type of film.Now we have it on DVD .
 If you live in a big city and have also lived in a small town , you 'll love this movie . The cast is great . Michael J. Fox and Julie Warner make great movie chemistry . And Julie Warner is awesome , as always . I laughed out loud many times . And the pig is hilarious .
 Item arrived before expected delivery date and in condition promised . Would definitely recommend this seller !
 I love this movie from beginning to end . It has a layered plot/subplot that interweaves to produce a movie that keep you engrossed . The characters are well cast and the storyline is outstanding . I have watched it dozens of times and still enjoy it as much as I did the first time , even though I know how it will end .
 Norman Rockwell would love this movie . A hot shot doc gets broken down in what at first appears to be a backwards little hic town . Slowly the charms of small time life peak through as it shows almost the perfect life -LRB- At least for what many people want -RRB- . Small time old fashion life is presented so well that by the end of the movie I was wanting to be ` stuck ' there as well . The movie goes on to focus on the things that are really important in life.My only complaint is that this movie is 90 % clean and geared towards family viewing . However for some reason , they decided to slip in several things that were not needed at all which gives it an R rating . There are a couple uses of the ` f ' word out of nowhere which does not fit the style of the rest of the movie and 1 totally unnecessary nude scene . Other than that the movie is very clean and family oriented.My other slight complaint is that the movie gears a little on the ` liberal ' side with certain parts which again do not really fit with the rest of the movie or the Characters . But this was not that big a deal.While we love the movie and always enjoy it , due to the adult parts ; we do not watch it as often and ONLY when the kids are in bed . It is a shame but we have little choice .
 The only movie in my belief that surpasses this one is `` The secret of my success '' . If you like a good down home country turned city movie then this one will be a must see over and over !
 Overall this movie is still pretty funny and witty and colorful . Having lived in the South for the last 4 years I can appreciate this movie more than when I saw it first when it was released in theaters . The accent of the characters in the movie is really thick , though , and the DVD could definitely use sub-titles , at least in English , but it does not have any . In fact there are zero special features here , the main menu does not even have the standard background with a movie still but a giant WB logo with two options
 Everything went just as Amazon said it would . My order arrived on the exact date they said it would . The movie is a Christmas gift so it has not been opened & watched but I assume it will be fine . The package is in perfect condition .
 We recieved excellent service from this vendor . We would use them again . Thanks so much .
 I am very satisfied with this product . The delivery was prompt and the quality of the product is excellent . Thank you .
 This movie was a better Disney film and old . Its about this wooden puppet that comes alive and wants to become a real boy . -LRB- its not scary and not supposed to be -RRB- , and he keeps lying . His nose grows , and if he ever wants to be a real boy , he better stop lying , and to tell the truth -LRB- just like any other disney film -RRB- he becomes a real boy with villians etc , trying to stop him .
 I recieved the movie in very good condition and on a very timely basis . Thank you
 Welcome to the world of Pinocchio , the story of a marionette who is given life and wishes to become a real boy some day . The animation here is simple , but already more defined than that of Snow White -LRB- and only the second full length Disney feature -RRB- . This is a beautiful , beautiful film - both visually as well as in the storytelling -LRB- and I do n't say that about every Disney flick -RRB- . You know the movie . You 'd want it anyway , but this is the Platinum Edition.So , what 's up with the Platinum Edition ? Two features , really . First , the Leonard Maltin commentary track . That 's always a positive . The real feature to get excited about , though , is the hour long Making of Pinocchio feature . Outstanding mini-documentary , that one . Seriously.Also included are some deleted scenes , an extra song , and games for the kiddies . The adults will want this for the beautiful transfer , the commentary track , and the Making Of.This is the way to watch Pinocchio . Along with Sleeping Beauty , this is a classic Disney film that should be owned .
 I really enjoy purchasing this movie through Amazon . It cost me less than what I would pay at WAL-Mart , even with the shipping .
 great movie , with a good lesson to be learned about lying and what can happen .
 There 's not much to say about this product . It 's Disney . What else is needed for a review?I got this for my granddaughter , and she 's all about all things Disney . She has every song memorized -LRB- which I 'm treated to each evening as we walk the dog -RRB- , and half the dialogue from all the Disney movies . She loved the Pinocchio Platinum Edition , and would recommend it to anyone and everyone , especially to all her `` butcher-movie '' fan buddies .
 It arrived in perfect condition and have not had any issues with the disk . Exactly what I would expect .
 The Blue Ray is beautiful ! The colors and detail are excellent and the story is classic . The bonus material is also excellent in the making of Pinnocchio . GET IT !
 I have waited many years to get Pinocchio on DVD . This was one of the last great classic movies to finally reach my home on DVD . I watched this as a child and my children -LRB- esp my sons -RRB- loved it . `` MONSTRO '' was a villian whale . They loved to cheer for Pinocchio as his `` family '' is finally freed and Pinocchio becomes a real boy for saving `` Father 's '' life.My grandson is 31/2 and loves this movie and we watch it over and over . He has learned NEVER to trust a stanger and NEVER go off with stangers and that 's a concept learned from this movie made 50 plus years ago!I recommend this movie to everyone adult or child !
 I bought this for my niece and she loves it also . I am SO happy there is a DVD version is with this Blu-Ray so she bring it in the car with her .
 What a nice DVD set ! In my view this is Disney 's best animated movie , at least until WALL-E . It 's scary , and has some adult themes , but those elements give it great replay value . The extra features are good , especially the commentary .
 The Blue-ray version is beautiful to behold . You 'll spend half the movie marveling over the sights and sounds of this presentation . Then settle in to the simple tale of the wooden boy 's quest to be human.Disney is one of the few studios that knows what to do with the blue-ray format . Much care is taken at every step . You 'll want to set aside an hour or two to explore the extras.Highly recommended for blue-ray owners .
 Fantastic Disney Blu-ray release.It features a timeless cinematic classic , a gorgeous restoration , a stunning video transfer , a remarkable DTS HD 7.1 Master Audio track , and a collection of supplemental material that includes several exclusives . The 3-disc Blu-ray edition of Pinocchio should have a home on every filmfan 's shelves .
 Perfect for the Blu-Ray collection . Love the fact that it comes with a Blu-Ray and a standard DVD . My son therefore can watch it in the car on his portable DVD player . Good buy !
 ` Pinocchio ' is a childhood favourite of many and one I particularly remember loving as child . It was bought for me recently as a present and I was immediately impressed at the quality of the animation ; you tend not to notice these things as a kid ! I am usually quite dismissive of Disney films for a variety of reasons but say what you will about them , the early films were exceptional and beautiful . This follows the fairytale of Pinocchio who is a tiny wooden puppet who is brought to life and who has to prove his bravery , honesty and unselfishness before he can be turned into a real boy . Some adventures then follow as he tries to fulfil this goal , with the help of Jiminy Cricket as his conscience . This has some wonderful songs and it is amazing how well these are still known . The part in the film when the boys are turned into donkeys could be deemed scary or mildly disturbing for some children , but I watched this film a lot as a kid and I never remember being upset by this part and loved this film . It is important to remember that we watch this from an adult perspective now and with adult sensibilities and political correctness and sheltering our kids can go too far ; kids are more hardy than we give them credit for . This is a good length for most children at just over 80 minutes and it should kept hem spellbound for the duration . Modern animation is very polished and impressive , but there is something organic and real about hand drawn animation that leaves you feeling warm and contented . That may be rose tinted glasses and reminiscing about watching this film as a kid , but it feels right never the less . This disc has various extras on it , from sing along features , to a ` making of ' documentary but they are mainly aimed towards kids . The whole package has been reworked and spruced up for it 's DVD and Blu-Ray release which makes for impressive viewing overall . This is a classic children 's film and makes for magical viewing for both kids and adults alike and is well worth watching.Feel free to check out my blog which can be found on my profile page .
 Pinocchio -LRB- Disney Gold Classic Collection -RRB- is one of the best animated movies that I have ever seen . The movie is based on the fairy tale written by Carlo Collodi . One could easily say that Pinocchio can be included in the golden days of Dinsey animated movies and can easily be compared in quality with the likes of Bambi , Dumbo and Snowwhite . The animation is astounding and to imagine that &iacute;t was drawn by hand is amazing . `` When you wish upon a star '' is a timeless classic and this movie will be seen by generations of children to come . Highly recommended indeed . 5/5 .
 In 2009 , I got this Platinum Edition DVD on Friday the 13th . The restoration is incredible . I so recommend the DVD or Blu-Ray of the movie . I think it might go back to the vault in 2011 . Pinnochio meets Jiminey Cricket , as well as tempations . In the end , Jiminey Cricket is an official conscience .
 After years of not watching the movie , I forgot how good it was . The story and the art work are just as good as I remember . Pinocchio is a movie that is enjoyable for all ages .
 This sure brought back memories of my childhood ... we would gather around TV and have waffle sundaes when Walt Disney shows comes on Sunday . It sure is to watch these as the morals and lessons are good for kids and adults as well . It is also a clean story .
 I loved the movie Pinocchio since when I was 7 and I still love this movie . Pinocchio is my favorite character in this film . I hate Honest John he is evil . Geppetto shold 've told Pinocchio not to talk to strangers . Pinocchio changed his mind that he does n't want to be an actor and decides to listen to his father.I totally recommend this film any Classic Disney fan . Pinocchio and Bambi are my top favorite disney classics .
 I ordered this video for my granddaughter . It came in perfect condition and on time . I am very pleased with Amazon .
 Still a classic . My kids loved it -LRB- 6 & 3 -RRB- and it was fun to watch myself for all the memories it induced .
 A classic fairy tale from Disney with a wish on a star , that takes you really far . Jimney Cricket gets his debut as a conscience for a wooden puppet . He has no idea what he is in for when he applies for the job . Full of fun songs and good morals to follow . My favorite is `` a lie will grow and grow , until it is as plain as the nose on your face '' .
 whats not to like about these disney classic ? the only two bad movies they hae ever made were home of the range and meet the robbinsons , besides that all are just magnificent .
 Great value getting all 3 versions in one for the low price of fourteen bucks !
 I think this is the first cartoon that I saw at a movie theater many , many years ago and it 's still just as good as I remember it . Jiminy Cricket takes you through the story and the music which you 've heard over and over again throughout the years , like , `` When You Wish Upon a Star '' . You can get the movie with a limited edition bonus CD with 7 classics songs here : Pinocchio -LRB- 2-Disc 70th Anniversary Platinum Edition -RRB- with Bonus Music CDIt 's wonderful to see and hear it again . All the characters that you remember like Figaro the cat and Cleo the goldfish , along with Gepetto , Stromboli , The Blue Fairy are there . And if you 've forgotten the details of the story you can now watch it again in this digitally enhanced version.I bought this DVD for my two parrots because they like cartoons and kid 's movies . But truth be told , it 's really for me too . It 's fun to watch this again and a nice addition to my -LRB- their -RRB- collection .
 My granddaughter loves it . Watches it over and over again . The company said that it was in like new condition and it was . I 'd buy it again .
 My granddaughter loves this movie . She sings `` When you wish upon a star '' and `` I got no strings on me '' . It 's really cute . The movie I received was in great condition , arrived in good time AND YOU CA N'T BEAT THE PRICE !! I love the internet !
 I first saw this movie as a child some sixty-five years ago and have always remembered it fondly . Now , having my first grandchild , I began to wonder if it was really as good as I thought it was and if my granddaughter might enjoy seeing it too.What a joy ! Walt Disney 's Pinocchio is everything I remembered it to be . The musical score is enchanting and the art work superb . Truly remarkable , the art work , drawn by true craftsmen , makes modern computer graphics look shallow and sickly by comparison . The principle characters are equally well done and charmingly presented . And , best of all , Pinocchio 's story carries with it three important moral lessons which every child should learn
 Great customer service and shipping was quick product in great condition . Love the movie . thanks .
 disney movies are always good.But in my opinon only the old classics like pinocchio , mouse detective etc. are truly worth watching.Not the junk they have put out in the last 20 yrs .
 I bought this wonderful Pinocchio two disc 70th Anniversary Platinum Edition CD . I really enjoyed watched it and the price and shipping were really great . Thank you .
 My niece was so happy with this flick that she actually watched it 5 times before she called -LRB- via mom -RRB- to thank me . Definitely a success with the 5-year old crowd .
 The movie was in fantastic condition -LRB- better than I was expecting -RRB- . It was delivered with the quickness . I would definitely order from this seller again -- very reliable and honest .
 Very creative and easy for a child to read . It tells a story in pictures that are elegantly rendered .
 What can I say about Pinocchio that you do n't already know . We already know it is a timeless Disney classic . The animation detail is about the finest you 'll find anywhere . Even with the great detail of recent animated features such as Atlantis and Treasure Planet you 'll never find the kind of hard work that went into Pinocchio . Today Disney have a legion of animators and computers , yet in 1940 Disney had about 10 . The work they did was simply amazing and Pinocchio deserves to remain timeless.In the UK , Disney have just released a Special Edition DVD . The special features include a making of which was made in 2000 , a couple of sing along songs , a couple of short cartoons featuring Jiminy Cricket and a Search For Jiminy Cricket game where you have to be Pinocchio 's conscience . The highlight here though is the original 1940 trailer which although not being spectacular will definitely make collectors happy . Unfortunately though , this single disc DVD is very disappointing as a Special Edition DVD . It is understandable that there might not be much original behind the scenes footage , but I 'm sure we could have more featurettes on how Pinocchio has helped bring about the animation of today . Here 's hoping a Platinum Edition is released in the US.Finally , the reason Pinocchio only receives 4 stars from me is that although it is a masterpiece in itself , I do n't consider it to be the best of the bunch . Even as a child I found it long winded and dull colored . There is more defined color to the DVD version but the story is still long winded , sorry!A must for true Disney fans though !
 I do n't care what the average moviegoer or the AFI says , Disney 's best movie is n't The Lion King or Snow White , it 's this timeless gem . It 's great that it 's coming out on DVD , which I 'm getting even though I do n't have a DVD player -LRB- yet -RRB- .
 It has been many , many years since I watched Disney 's PINOCCHIO . Today , my husband , 3 year old daughter , and I sat down to watch the 70th Anniversary Platinum Edition , and we could n't have been more delighted . The story of PINOCCHIO is timeless , and this anniversary addition could not have been lovelier.PINOCCHIO is the perennial tale of the wooden puppet who wanted to be a real boy . To become a real boy , the Blue Fairy tells Pinocchio he must prove himself to be brave , truthful , and unselfish . He has lots of bumps and misadventures along the way , but in the end , with the help of his conscious , Jiminy Cricket , Pinocchio 's wish comes true.My wee one was absolutely entranced by PINOCCHIO ; her eyes were riveted to the screen . She was completely absorbed in the story . I have to admit , her daddy and I were , too . Disney did an outstanding job on this restoration . The colors are luminous , vivid , and awe-inspiring . The music , well , the music brings a tear to your eye as you remember the words and melodies . Songs include the classic `` When You Wish Upon A Star , '' `` I 've Got No Strings , '' `` Give A Little Whistle , '' `` Hi-diddle-dee -LRB- An Actor 's Life For Me -RRB- , '' to name a few . The sound is beautifully remastered , and every note is pure . And Jiminy Cricket 's voice will fill your heart.It is interesting to discover after not seeing this movie for over 30 years , that the myth of PINOCCHIO has become greater than the sum of its parts . For example , as we all know , PINOCCHIO 's nose grows longer and longer each time he tells a lie . This is perhaps the quintessential lesson of PINOCCHIO . But this event is on small part of one single scene , yet it is everyone 's greatest memory of this movie.As another note , all of the voice acting is uncredited in this film , including Mel Blanc and Cliff Edwards , who went on to voice Jiminy Cricket for many , many years.I am so glad it I was able to share this movie with my child . It was a wonderful , lazy family afternoon . PINOCCHIO is HIGHLY RECOMMENDED .
 Pinocchio is just one of those stories that appeals to everyone , young or old . And Disney told a wonderful version of it with this animated feature . It looks incredible on Blu-ray , and there are many great special features included . Highly recommended .
 The movie was brand new and in excellent condition . It was a gift for my son and he enjoyed it very much .
 Writing recently on human conscience , Catholic commentaor Thomas Williams defined our `` still , small voice '' as a coach shaping and guiding us toward better decisions and higher ideals . `` Conscience urges us to climb higher , '' he writes , `` according to the gifts received and the real possibility of doing good . `` Generations met this gift through Carlo Collodi 's beloved `` Pinocchio , '' a marionette granted the gifts of life by his creator 's wish upon a star and conscience through a witty , resilient cricket Walt Disney later named Jiminy . Collodi 's serialized story of a toy becoming a boy through following his conscience to unselfishness and bravery , is arguably Disney 's -LRB- and by extension , film animation 's -RRB- greatest achievement . It 's justifiably celebrated in this new 70th anniversary 2DVD set , with vivid , detailed print and soundtrack and a series of enlightening extras . `` Pinocchio '' 's characters and songs have defined Disney 's mission -LRB- and not just from `` When You Wish Upon A Star '' being the company unofficial theme or Jiminy among its many goodwill ambassadors . -RRB- When elderly woodcarver Geppetto wishes his wooden toy to become a real boy , a blue fairy grants Pinocchio life and knights Jiminy as his conscience -LRB- `` Give A Little Whistle '' -RRB- and companion . Overjoyed , Geppetto sends Pinocchio to school where he 's sidetracked by fox and feline villains `` Honest '' John and Gideon . They tempt him first with fame -LRB- singing , `` Hi-Diddle-Dee-Dee , '' as they walk him to evil , funny showman Stromboli -RRB- then , when he 's rescued , by pleasure and destruction to the Coachman 's Pleasure Island . There Pinocchio , his Bowery Boy-ish friend Lampwick , and other waywards trash the island and their own lives by `` behaving like jackasses , '' in some of Disney 's most frightening , moving animation . Throughout , Geppetto -LRB- with beloved fish Clio and cat Figaro -RRB- searches for his kidnapped son until they battle an angry sea and its most fearsome creature to survive . `` Pinocchio 's '' legend includes Walt Disney 's painstaking commitment to its quality . The results testify it does n't stem from infamous company salesmanship . Documentaries -LRB- including one on the `` sweatbox '' where Walt critiqued his animators ' daily work -RRB- describe how Collodi 's often irascible puppet became Disney 's lovable child struggling with temptation . Jiminy transforms from the story 's moralistic critic into the story 's center , friend and coach looking much like his voice -LRB- then well-known recording artist Cliff Edwards -RRB- . Legendary actor Mel Blanc , a 40s superstar for his work on `` Looney Tunes '' and Jack Benny 's radio show , finds his speaking role reduced to yelps as `` Honest '' John 's evil sidekick Gideon becomes a Harpo Marx-like comic mute.Purists may argue for the 1940 original 's muted tones , but this new DVD presents a deeper , more vivid experience than any in Disney 's classics library . Disney used the then-new multi-plane camera to provide near 3-D depth to scenes in the village and in Geppetto 's shop -LRB- especially in its first scenes -RRB- . Its color palette seamlessly eases from muted yellows at the sunset cliff scene to brackish seawater as Pinocchio and Jiminy dive to save Geppetto , reaching dangerous , even more detailed scenes seeking mighty whale Monstro . The film and its remastering reward repeated viewings.Pinocchio 's extras run from illuminating -LRB- `` making of '' documentaries , theatrical trailers , missing songs and deleted scenes -RRB- to interesting -LRB- a charming feature on modern puppetmasters and toymakers , `` real-life Geppettos '' -RRB- to disposable -LRB- a cute children 's puzzle game , Meghan Jette Martin 's needless teenpop rendition of `` When You Wish . . '' -RRB- But it 's Disney 's storytelling skill and umatched visual gift which turn Carlo Collodi 's moralistic tale of forming conscience into an endearing story of maturity and friendship . Simply one of the most essential films , animated or otherwise , ever made and this being the best means yet to own it .
 I 've anticipated the release of Pinocchio for such a while that I read the `` reviews '' posted her before there was a blu-ray product to review . After viewing , I feel compelled to respond with my first ever internet review . Before discussing the quality of the blu-ray rendering , I think it 's instructive to address the cel versus computer animation `` question '' . Six years of my early life were spent in 35 mm special effects cinematography . Since then I 've taught sciences where I 've used a hobby of computer animation to create instructional materials . This hobby grew into creating and teaching a course in computer modeling and animation.Two main technical aspects differentiate cel animation -LRB- Pinocchio -RRB- from computer animation ala Pixar , Dreamworks et al. . In computer animation , it 's possible to texture a surface whereby , processing power permitting , as much fine detail can cover a surface as desired . And with the application of a `` tag '' , this detail can be affixed to the surface in such a way as to deform with the character . Furthermore , again given sufficient processing power , surfaces can be made with smooth enough curvature to allow for incredible range in the gradients of reflected lights . This amount of detail and attenuation of light is simply not , in realistic terms , possible with cel animation.Secondly , in computer animation the dividing line between a character and the background is not a line at all but a sharply delineated boundary . In traditional cell animation , characters usually have drawn silhouettes of finite thickness.So , if you 're viewing blu-ray Pinocchio expecting the eye-popping sharpness and color gradations of Ratatouille or Wall-E you might be disappointed . For example , an examination of the blue fairy wo n't show much in the way of facial structure such as cheekbones and the silhouette is anything but distinct . Of course , much of this is intentional in the blue fairy 's case , helping convey her ethereal quality . But check out the eyes and immerse yourself in the whole package . She 's still the quintessential magical mother figure she was for me when I first saw Pinocchio in 1950 . My wife , substantially younger , remembers it the same way from a later generation.Once past the sharpness and textural differences from that in CA , you 'll note a richness in color in Pinocchio . This is especially evident in many backgrounds where , not bound by the constraints of needing to animate from frame to frame , more textural detail can be used . The hand painting , beautiful pastels and use of shadows make this well worth the wait for blu-ray . As far as the CA vs. cell debate , I 've long awaited the advent of CA . I 'll buy Nemo on BD the day it 's released . I think John Lassiter is an incredible talent and has made entertainment a happier place . It 's hard to match a unforgettable character like Dory . And I think I must have laughed every ten seconds through Shrek 2 . In my opinion , the only thing additional Pinocchio offers is magic . But do n't ask me , ask my almost four year old niece . She is a product of several trips to the theater as well as a plethora of animation DVD 's at home . We viewed Pinocchio after a long awaited sleepover last night . She was mesmerized and declared it `` the best '' . It was what she woke up talking about at 5 AM this morning . We watched it again , in its entirety , before dance class . But from now on , we save it for special occasions as opposed to watching snippets here and there .
 After renting the Pinocchio 70th Anniversary edition , I came to Amazon to purchase my own copy . I was extremely saddened when I read Jon Olivan 's dire revue -LRB- the very first review and supposedly the most helpful -RRB- : `` BEWARE PURISTS -- this Digitally Restored version TAMPERED WITH ORIGINAL ARTWORK 'S COLOR PALETTE !!! `` So I purchased the Limited Issue instead -LRB- used -RRB- from Amazon , because I wanted to see it as close to how Walt envisioned it as I could find . After watching it , I could hardly believe how bad the transfer was compared to the 70th Anniversary edition . The colors were dull and the detail was gone and there were scratches and other artifacts . I then bought the 70th Anniversary edition . It is far superior.Here is a web page which shows side-by-side comparisons of a frame from the cage scene mentioned in the review :[ ... -RSB- I also do not believe the 70th Anniversary edition is the `` Thomas Kinkade-ing '' of Pinocchio as another reviewer wrote . And it is NOT garish-it has lots of subtle shading . I am not a fan of Thomas Kinkade . I am a fan of all things Disney , and this version is spectacular . It is the very essence of Disney . You will be charmed from the first moment it starts.Don ' t let some ` expert ' discourage you from getting this DVD . It 's too bad his review is all the way at the top . By the way , Pinocchio was locked in Stromboli 's birdcage and not Geppetto 's birdcage as the ` expert ' wrote.If you do n't own the 70th Anniversary edition , get it while you can . It is a masterpiece .
 This movie is a beautifully-made masterpiece that , very unfortunately , seems to be overlooked sometimes because of other old Disney movies that were made around that time -LRB- like Snow White -RRB- . However , of all the `` old '' Disney movies -LRB- made before the era of Eisner -RRB- , this is the one that most hits the mark for me . Not only is it an interesting story with involving characters , but the overlooked soundtrack is also quite wonderful . `` Hi-Diddle-Dee-Dee '' is an old favorite of mine , and not to mention `` Little Wooden Head '' is a catchy little tune . This is my favorite of the oldies-but-goodies because not only does it completely hit the mark , but it does n't rely on the old cliche of `` princess captured by evil stepmother and then saved later on by a nameless Prince Charming who has no personality whatsoever '' . Though some of those movies are good , like Snow White , some of them are dull like Cinderella , and this movie does n't make you make that choice.Now I have n't always been a fan of this movie ; this is more of a `` grown-up '' movie than many of the others that were made around that time . This is a darker tale than the likes of Snow White , and a more intense and involving one than movies like Cinderella . It also does n't follow the oft-degraded Disney Formula , because there 's no real cookie-cutter `` bad guy '' . And since there 's no real cookie-cutter bad guy , it makes it all the more interesting to see four or five villains make their entrances and exits , more like a real-life fairy tale than others . None of the villains `` gets what he deserves '' , like in most Disney movies where they fall to their deaths.That is n't to say that the other Disney movies are n't good . That is , however , to say that this Disney movie was ahead of its time in its innovations in realistic story developments . Granted , the story itself is n't that realistic , but we all know the story , and can take it for granted . And I 'm not saying that the film is COMPLETELY underrated either . Just about everybody 's heard the song `` When You Wish Upon A Star '' , and it truly is a wonderfully sweet tune.Speaking of which , Jiminy Cricket is a masterpiece of a character if there ever was one . And there are plenty of other great characters in this movie too
 Walt Disney in my belief never topped his stunning achievement in movie animation with `` Pinocchio '' , the classic children 's story based on the equally classic late 19th Century story by Carlo Collodi . Indeed this story is truly for children and adults alike with it 's message of the universal value of honesty towards others and ones self , and the real worth to be obtained from personal integrity in all things . Released in 1940 after the stunning success of Disney 's first excursion into animated feature films with `` Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs '' , `` Pinocchio '' , is the studio 's supreme achievement that has enchanted and enthralled each new generation with it 's simple message and delightful characters . `` Pinocchio '' , tells the story of a kind and loving woodcarver named Geppetto who produces beautiful clocks , toys and music boxes out of all kinds of wood . He is loved and admired for his great skill however his one wish in life is to have a son as he has no children . Looking at his completed wooden puppet of a young boy he names him Pinocchio and goes to sleep praying that he might have a son just like Pinocchio . During the night the Blue Fairy appears in Geppetto 's house and grants his fervent wish bringing the little wooden puppet to life . Her words to Pinnochio are `` prove yourself to be brave , truthful and unselfish and someday you will be a real boy '' . To help him in this task the Blue fairy provides him with a `` conscience '' in the form of Jiminy Cricket who is to look out for him . Upon waking Geppetto is delighted to discover that his wish has been granted and that Pinocchio has come to life . His joy however is short lived when after sending Pinocchio off to begin his schooling the naive puppet is abducted by a sinister Fox called Honest John who takes Pinocchio to the travelling carnival of Stromboli a cruel and nasty man who imprisons Pinnochio and forces him to perform in his show . Alerted by Jiminy Cricket , Pinocchio is rescued by the Blue Fairy after he learns a hard lesson about telling the truth when his nose grows larger with each successive lie . Heading home they run afoul of Honest John again who in another of his schemes is working with his client Coachman in getting boys to be sent to Pleasure Island in the belief that they are going on vacation but with the real intent of turning them into donkeys to work as slaves for Coachman in his mines . Once on the island everything seems wonderful as the amusement park offers everything they want for free and the boys are given a constant supply of drink and alcohol . Only later is the sinister purpose of the island discovered by Jiminy Cricket by which time it is too late as the boys have begun to turn into donkeys and are being loaded on a boat being sent to the mines . Before Pinocchio 's transformation is complete Jiminy and Pinocchio escape and return home again only to find the heart broken Geppetto has gone looking for Pinocchio and has been swallowed by a famous whale called Monstro . Going under water to try and find him the pair encounter the deadly Monstro who also engulfs them and by a miracle they find Geppetto along with Figaro the cat and Cleo the goldfish safe and sound . Starting a fire inside the whale they manage to be blown outside and after a terrifying pursuit by a very angry Monstro manage to safely get to the shore . Once safely home the transformation promised by the Blue Fairy if Pinocchio displayed the qualities of bravery honesty and kindness to others , takes place and the wooden Pinocchio becomes a real boy of flesh and blood and the son Geppetto always wanted . `` Pinocchio '' , is a timeless story graced with beautiful characters that all too often show their human side . I believe this very human element to the characters is what has endeared this film to generations of movie goers . Winner of the 1940 Academy Award for Best song with the unforgettable `` When You Wish Upon A Star '' which has become the Disney trade mark tune ever since , the production has so much to offer in every department . The quality of the animation is peerless here and the modern Disney efforts could not compare with it in overall quality and execution . The characters created from the original work by Carlo Collodi are just as memorable with Pinocchio the unforgettable little puppet who learns to become a real boy , being one of the best characters to come out of the Disney films . Voiced by child actor Dickie Jones , he gives Pinocchio just the right elements of boyish innocence and show biz panache to make him a delightful character . Jiminy Cricket also is without doubt one of the strengths in this story with his `` conscience '' job often leading to amusing and hair raising situations that even he often does n't want to be a part of.Treasured as a great children 's classic `` Pinocchio '' , certainly has it 's scary elements such as the boys turning into donkeys and the frightening battle with the whale at sea which might not be suitable for really young children . However apart from that adults can enjoy this story just as much as children with its age old moral lesson of doing good by others for your own good . I have loved `` Pinocchio '' , since I was a child and along with `` Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs '' , is the film that best represents the true brillance of Walt Disney 's creativity . Promise yourself at least one viewing of this great classic as it will move you as no other animated feature can with its simple message and beautiful characters .
 Walt Disney said that he considered `` Snow White '' to be his masterpiece . I hate to disagree with the master , but I think `` Pinocchio '' should have that honor.Carlos Collodi 's story of the puppet that becomes a boy has = never = been translated to film better . Everyone knows the story - a lonely puppeteer named Gepetto make a wish to have a son . The Blue Fairy hears his wish , and decides to grant it in an unusual fashion - she brings his most recent creation to life , and gives the - puppet - a chance to prove himself in order to become a boy . Pinocchio has many misadventures while learning life 's lessons , but finally appears to give his `` life '' when saving his father from the monster whale , Monstro . The Blue Fairy returns and says that the ultimate sacrifice has earned him the ultimate prize - he becomes a live boy!Honored by the Academy Awards for Best Song -LRB- `` Wish Upon A Star '' -RRB- and Best Score , this movie deserves every award in the book . There has never been more object lessons taught so easily . Do n't lie . Be brave . Stay on the path to your goal . And not preachy , either.And the THX restoration of the video and sound makes this a real viewing experience - just as clear and clean as it might have been in the theaters in 1940 . The only disappointment I had is with the `` extra '' material on the DVD . Almost no extra material at all . It just includes the original theatrical trailer , and a French language track . Come on , Disney , give us more about Pinocchio ! After seeing what was possible with the recent release of the `` platinum '' edition of `` Snow White '' , I can only hope that they will eventually turn their energies towards this film as well.Highly recommended for families , espicially families with young children . The `` Gold Edition '' of the DVD is now officially on moratorium - maybe after that we 'll see the version we want !
 ... It 's really a dark movie for little kids -LRB- even though I was tiny when I first saw it and it has n't done me any psychological damage - that I know of ! -RRB- but I think that it partly seems that way because we adults notice the dark details more than little kids who are just along for the fun-filled Disney ride . So I would n't advise against letting little kids watch this unless they are very sensitive -LRB- which come to think of it , I was , too , and it did n't scare me ... -RRB- or have like a strange fear of whales or something else potentially scary in the movie.Despite the darker aspects , I still misted up when Pinnochio started to cry -LRB- `` I 'll never see my father again ! '' -RRB- - yes , I almost cried watching a cartoon in a college class ! - but I was n't alone . Almost every female in the room had the same reaction.All in all , it 's not the best Disney movie , but far from the worst ! I would recommend it !
 Good thing Pinocchio was not the 1st Disney Classic DVD that I bought -LRB- it 's my 5th -RRB- , because it would have completely overshadowed the other masterpieces that are in my DVD collection . Disney 's 2nd film is a terrific viewing experience , in this 60th Anniversary THX Certified Limited Issue DVD . I had n't seen Pinocchio in over a decade , so I was really looking forward to rediscovering the movie on the DVD format . Seeing it brought back a rush of great memories of the first times that I saw it , it was really nostalgic . The film is vibrant in it 's great animation , and magical wonder that makes this movie appealing to any movie lover . Unfortunately , only Walt Disney could create such classics like this one . Yes , Disney has released some GREAT classics -LRB- `` Lion King '' , `` The Little Mermaid '' , `` Beauty & The Beast '' -RRB- but they are not the same as the ones he worked on himself . The film also features one of the best
 Disney movies were the joy of my childhood . -LRB- I so envy the kids today who can see them at home any time they want to ; for me , you had to go to the theatre , and 20 cents for a ticket meant I could only go once a week . -RRB- PINOCCHIO was the scariest , because the set-up for Pleasure Island was so exciting , only to see Pinocchio 's friends grow long ears and become mean ! These days , I think , a lot of the scare-factor is gone because kids see so many movies that have frightening elements in them . But once upon a time , back in the 40s , Walt Disney had to take a chance on frightening the kids because he needed adults to buy the tickets . So in an interesting sense , PINOCCHIO is more of an adult movie than Disney 's other full-length features of the time . It certainly deserves a full five stars , but it does n't topple the best movie of all time -LRB- SNOW WHITE AND THE SEVEN DWARFS -RRB- , nor is it as integrated and coherent as CINDERELLA or DUMBO . PINOCCHIO is more episodic , more a collection of scenes with music . If you have an impressionable child , I 'd hold off on PINOCCHIO for a while .
 Everybody has a different Disney favorite but Pinoccio is surely mine . This is the stuff of childhood dreams -LRB- and nightmares also -RRB- . Personally I think this is the one animated movie with the biggest heart of all . My only complaint
 Walt Disney Studio 's `` Platinum Editions '' of their most beloved films - classic and contemporary - have been a must - have for me . I am now reviewing the lastest title to get this status - the 70th Anniversary edition of Walt Disney 's Pinocchio.For a feature almost seventy , the film is presented beautifully . While another reviewer felt the film was digitally altered , I got the opposite feeling . Based on the layouts and backgrounds presented in the bonus features , I got the feeling the previous versions altered the color scheme.For Audio options - Disney allows the viewer to choose between the Disney Enhanced Theater Mix - all 5.1 surround - English , French , or Spanish . Disney also provides the original Mono soundtrack used when the film opened in 1940 . Disney restored the soundtrack well - except somebody forgot a bit of Jiminy 's voiceover during `` Give a Little Whistle '' . Pinocchio sounds okay with a home theater system . The music and voices are easy to hear . The majority of the film is spread over the three main speakers - and not the surround , from my observation.This edition of `` Pinocchio '' is a definite upgrade over the 2002 `` Limited Edition '' Disc . Bonus features , and a beautiful transfer rule out the washed out , grainy picture of the other .
 I have seen Pinochio only once before in my 53 years of life , and that was at an outdoor showing in a tent waaay back in 1980 , on Long Island , with about 500 other people , on a 16mm projector.Fast foreward to March 11th , 2009 , and my 26 inch LCD home theater ... Although I 'm legally blind , I still have my ears , and a very limited amount of vision in one eye , so I can see tv if I sit very close to the screen.It was like discovering an old , lost friend.The movie was as fun and scary as I remember it.Especially the Pleasure Island sequence.Yes , and I still hate the Coachman . Even though he has only a small bit of screen time , to me , he is the most vile and evil villan ever created by the Disney animators , making even the White Queen seem like a nun . '' Oh , they never come back ... AS BOYS ! `` One of the most terrifying scenes ever put on animation or live action.It 's a pity that you never see what happens to Honest John and Kitty . They were fun villans , and I sort of hoped that they would have lived a long , ragtag life.Anyhow , it 's a sheer joy to have this finally in my collection .
 This DVD was purchased for my four grandchildren ages 9 , 7 , 5 and 2 . The 9 and 7 year olds watched it continuously for five viewings and enjoyed every minute . The 5 and 2 year olds only watched it one viewing at a time , but were more than ready when it was time to see it again.Having seen the movie when it was first brought out by Disney , I felt it was reproduced well so that younger generations can enjoy this truly clasical film .
 Walt Disney 's PINOCCHIO is given a lavish restoration treatment in the 2-Disc Platinum Edition released in 2010 . Not only does it look better than ever , but the extra features -LRB- including a great segment on `` The Making of Pinocchio '' and a feature on Live Action inspiration for the artists -RRB- , are meticulous and informative . But , of course , the best news of all is that the frame by frame restoration brings the entire story to glowing life in a way that is absolutely amazing for a film that is seventy years old.It 's a famous morality tale from the pen of an Italian writer with all of the original material fine tuned by Disney to give it a softer image . All of the ingredients of the tale are beautifully realized by the Disney artists . You 'll want to use the `` pause '' feature to gaze at the detailed and highly imaginative art work which has the kind of depth and dimension it never had before . You can really spot how artfully the Multiplane Camera was used to photograph cells and backgrounds . The village scenes and the interiors of Gepetto 's woodshop have a clarity that jumps from the screen.It 's no wonder the film has such lasting appeal . The characters come alive and make the story so much more compelling for their presence . Figaro the cat and Cleo the goldfish , along with Gepetto , Stromboli , The Blue Fairy -- and most of all , Jiminy Cricket -- all register strongly and draw you into the story from beginning to end . The voices are right on target , especially Christian Rub as Gepetto , Cliff Edwards as Jiminy Cricket and Dickie Jones , who is ideally cast as the voice of the little puppet.The darker elements of the story may be disturbing for very young children so parents are advised to be aware of sequences involving the cruel puppet master Stromboli and the magnificently animated underwater scenes involving Monstro the Whale.The busy musical background score won an Oscar for Best Original Score and the song `` When You Wish Upon a Star '' won for Best Song . These features are best represented by the film 's opening scenes in Gepetto 's woodshop where the various clocks come to life as the hour strikes , a charming sequence during which the art of animation reaches new heights , all with music playing an important part in plot development as Jiminy , Gepetto and Pinocchio interact after The Blue Fairy gives the wooden puppet life.Disney gave him life too and this gorgeously animated film should have a long shelf life as long as people watch films decade after decade .
 When I was five I cried as my parents took me out of the cinema . I wanted to go back and see it all again ! I had to wait thirty years and I was right ! Pinocchio is probably my favourite Walt Disney film . No money was spared as scene after scene of this 1938 film blew me away with all the detail on screen . The scene with the clocks in Gepetto 's house has some of the best animation ever drawn . When you look at later films like The Rescuers , The Great Mouse Detective , Sword In The Stone ... you can see that masterpieces like this could not be sustained -LRB- and nor could the budgets -RRB- . Only with The Little Mermaid in 1988 did the Disney renaissance begin .
 My three year old loves this movie , and sings along with most of the songs . The great songs and story are n't the only treasure within this movie though , we also find a wonderful moral lesson which is n't specific to any particular religion , but is common to all religious and moral principles.Since Pinocchio was only born yesterday -LRB- pun intended -RRB- he 's not versed in the ways of the world , so we get to see him fall into bad company when he does n't listen to his consious , Jiminy Cricket . What an excellent way to be able to bring up the subject of people out there who are n't all good and are out to only help themselves and let everyone else pay the consequences of thier actions ! Seeing this lesson twice repeated in the movie , first when Pinocchio is sold to Stromboli , and then again when he is tricked into going to pleasure iasle shows no good can come from listening to these kinds of users.While some find the boys turning into donkeys to be disturbing , maybe a bit of disturbance at the consequences of doing the wrong thing is n't so bad ? When I saw it as a child I do n't remember being terrified or getting nightmares , and my children seem to be fine after seeing this movie many times.Pinocchio must also find courage , intelligence and perserverance to save Gepetto after he escapes with Jiminy 's help . The movie is really a hopefull message that even after someone has strayed off the ` right ' path they can straighten things out again if they really work hard at it .
 PinocchioReviewed by Sera ElisabethWalt Disney 's second installment in feature animation was a beautiful tale of a wooden boy whose father wanted him to become real . Set on an adventure with his conscience Jiminy Cricket , Pinocchio soon realizes that the road less traveled becomes the road that leads him home , human and into the arms of his father.Sweeping fantasy and good morals take this movie in a startling adventure into Pleasure Island , and down the sea below with Monstro the Whale . Again , this movie has everything to offer the young and young at heart . I give this movie ***** 5 STARS !
 Walt Disney said that he considered `` Snow White '' to be his masterpiece . I hate to disagree with the master , but I think `` Pinocchio '' should have that honor.Carlos Collodi 's story of the puppet that becomes a boy has = never = been translated to film better . Everyone knows the story - a lonely puppeteer named Gepetto make a wish to have a son . The Blue Fairy hears his wish , and decides to grant it in an unusual fashion - she brings his most recent creation to life , and gives the - puppet - a chance to prove himself in order to become a boy . Pinocchio has many misadventures while learning life 's lessons , but finally appears to give his `` life '' when saving his father from the monster whale , Monstro . The Blue Fairy returns and says that the ultimate sacrifice has earned him the ultimate prize - he becomes a live boy!Honored by the Academy Awards for Best Song -LRB- `` Wish Upon A Star '' -RRB- and Best Score , this movie deserves every award in the book . There has never been more object lessons taught so easily . Do n't lie . Be brave . Stay on the path to your goal . And not preachy , either.And the THX restoration of the video and sound makes this a real viewing experience - just as clear and clean as it might have been in the theaters in 1940 . The only disappointment I had is with the `` extra '' material on the DVD . Almost no extra material at all . It just includes the original theatrical trailer , and a French language track . Come on , Disney , give us more about Pinocchio ! After seeing what was possible with the recent release of the `` platinum '' edition of `` Snow White '' , I can only hope that they will eventually turn their energies towards this film as well.Highly recommended for families , espicially families with young children . The `` Gold Edition '' of the DVD is now officially on moratorium - maybe after that we 'll see the version we want !
 This film continues to be the standard against which all animation is measured . To think of all the hours spent in producing all the hand-drawn perfection seen in this film is staggering . Equal notice should be taken of the exceptional score and songs , themselves award-winning . `` When You Wish Upon A Star '' is so universally known today , one tends to forget it came from this film.The story of Pinnochio , the little wooden puppet given life for Geppeto the toy maker by the Blue Fairy is well-known . The intensity of the artwork and the tenseness of the story make it immortal . To be honest , very little children should watch with a parent , as some scenes are pretty scary , but I absolutely adore this film.Looking at the film today , it 's so hard to believe it 's over 60 years old ! The picture transfer is flawless , and the soundtrack is superb . I do regret one thing
 I think that this is one of the best from the Disney golden years . However I had 3 DVD discs shipped to me and all 3 were defective . The picture would freeze and the sound would stop . I checked my machine with other discs and it was fine . I think there is a bad batch of DVD discs . Has anyone else had the problem ? Please let me know .
 This movie is terrific . I had n't seen it for many years ... since i was a child . I do n't regret buying it at all . It has a magical quality about it that has n't been captured by disney in years . The lack of extras is a little disappointing . However , that does not detract from the splendor of the movie . I think that it 's great that children can see something totally moralizing . This is perhaps Walt Disney 's finest !!
 I was so dissapointed to see that this title only comes in english and french . There is already a track in spanish . Why not add it to this DVD ????
 I love this movie . It brought back great memories from my childhood . Some have commented on the restoration effects on the quality . I personnaly did not notice a difference . I just enjoyed the movie!Hi - Didalee-Dee
 Purchased this for my grown daughter - VHS just does n't cut it - by the time a new format comes out - she 'll have to buy her own
 Dvd was well packaged and just as described . Grandkids as well as their parents and grandparents are enjoying it .
 Grand kids LOVED IT ! As always , Amazon ROCKS ! FREE ! Shipping , EXCELLENT QUALITY ! And BEST PRICES ! It just does n't get any better than Amazon !
 I bought this to give to my grandsons to introduce them to the wonder of Pinnochio . I know they will love it . It came to me brand new in a very short time .
 Not one of my favorite Disney movies but still enjoyable . I collect Disney movies so I bought this as part of that . I watched it after years of never watching it . It is a decent Disney but not a favorite . Nice that is was brought of the vault !
 Via Amazon - Excellent service , prompt delivery , excellent conditionas described , packaged well.Would use again .
 The DVD played fine without any skips or errors . I have not seen this in over thirty years . It 's a good old classic from Disney . My memory might be old but I seem to recall certain scenes seem to be shorter or not there . Oh well , engineers have to play too I guess . Now if Disney would get off their rear ends and release '' Song of the South '' That 'd be a feat .
 Love Disney movies and love this story . Have added this to my growing collection of Disney movies .
 The title explains it all . This is definitely one of Disney 's MUST HAVES if you are at all a fan of Disney , cartoons and animation .
 My whole family love Pinocchio . A Classic movie that every child should see always . It is really lovely and make me remember my old days : -RRB-
 i purhased to replace my old vhs . this is a classic that we all love and now seeing it again on dvd is amazing ! it is a family movie and truly inpsiring story of making choices in Pinocchio ! Jimmeny Cricket never lets you down !!! thank you to the seller for a grand overall experience in all areas .
 We love watching this movie at home . It never gets old and we ca n't wait to watch it over and over again .
 Pinocchio is one of the best Disney films of all time . It has extraordinary animation , beautiful singing , and a wonderful story to tell complete with lessons for the children watching . It is entertaining for both children and adults alike .
 I was very glad to get this dvd . I like to collect the Disney Classics . I know my grand kids will enjoy watching it !
 This is one of those Disney movies that you will watch over and over , So I bought it so that I can .
 Anothe in a long line Disney Movies i love again it can be watch by your self or with family
 well kids will get the message about not being truthful and also about family love . . no matter how different the child . love it . .
 Pinocchio is not only Disney 's finest cartoon masterpiece , but perhaps his most enduring moral tale . Who can forget the shocking fate of Lampwick and his fellow &#34; ne'er - do-wells &#34; at the hands of the sinister carnival barkers ? It is comforting that this tale is one of redemption and not tragedy , and the beautiful music is as memorable as any our culture has produced for children to absorb and profit from .
 Great condition for a used dvd . The description of the dvd was right on . The disc and case were perfect .
 Visually , the re-mastering on this classic Disney animated feature is flawless . However , in terms of audio , there is a minor problem -- a few lines of dialog are missing ! During the musically number `` Give a Little Whistle '' Jiminy 's line `` Right ! '' and his warning `` Look out , Pinoke ! '' are absent . I realize it 's a minor mistake , but it irks me just the same that , for all the care that went into the restoration of this classic , somehow someone missed this error . For that I have to leave off one star , because every time I watch my new Blu-ray disc of Pinocchio I notice what 's missing .
 Can a 21/2 year old really love this movie as an adult would ... ??? I think my grandson does !!!
 I love Pinocchio when he lies . His nose grew and grew longer and sure gives me an idea how creative author has . It 's original powerful animation that Walt Disney has to present . Also I must add when Pinocchio asking the creator Why , Why , and Why and suddenly I asked my parents why Pinocchio asking Why 's . A perfect family animation film .
 i 've always loved this one and all the older disney movies even the new ones actually that 's almost all i 've watched growing up for years and everyone else loved the movies too when i was little i 'd watch these everyday since i was like 4 maybe 5 i do n't know i 've lost count and there still good after all these years !!!
 I have nothing but praise for this truly great Walt Disney classic.Of course the animation and music are superb and excellent . I am glad it is available on DVD . It should be made readily available for future generations to treasure and enjoy .
 Everybody loves Pinocchio . The characters , the animation , the EVERYTHING about it is timeless in the joy they bring to people of all ages . You 'll wish long with the lonely Geppetto , and see the joys and tragedies of the real world for the first time with Pinnochio . You will even find yourself longing for fish along with Figaro , the cat . Yes , the story is that vivid . The songs , `` When you Wish upon a Star '' and `` Give a Little Whistle '' , to name two , will give you a feeling you just ca n't get from the pop hits of today . This movie is one of the ones that helped coin the phrase `` Disney Magic '' . And it is , magical , and magic is impossible to manufacture or formulate , no matter how hard some people attempt at it . Pinocchio will always rank as one of the greatest Disney films of all time . It is a must for any household , whether you have a `` Disney collection '' or not .
 Version
 I 'm looking forward to this release of the Disney classic , however I 'm wishing and hoping that the powers that be have not edited this wonderful film . Other Disney classics have been digitally edited for scenes of smoking i.e. Melody Time , the Pecos Bill character has had his cigarette digitally removed , also the scene of Goofy rolling a cigarette has been removed from Saludos Amigos . Can you imagine the scenes of Pinocchio and Lampwick at Treasure Island not having the cigar smoking and beer drinking included in this release . These scenes clearly warn children not to smoke or drink and hopefully will be included as originally filmed . Let 's all wish upon a star that Disney has left this fine family film intact .
 It 's not my # 1 favorite Disney flick but Pinocchio is good . I have watched this with some of my younger relatives and the little ones seemed to get a little bored and fidgety after awhile but the older ones seemed to like Pinocchio more , anyway I think it 's probably an essential for the collection of Disney videos .
 What a timeless classic ! Pinocchio tells the story of Gepetto 's love for his little wooden boy who can walk and talk , and the little boy 's quest to prove himself worthy to become a real boy ! Pinnochio and his pal , Jiminy Cricket have lots of exciting adventures leading to the heartwarming ending with the Blue Fairy . When you wish upon a star ... it 's Disney magic !
 This is a great movie . The animation is excellent , and the movie teaches you a life lesson , which is that lying is a bad thing . At least that 's what it taught me . This will always be a classic .
 BRilliant masterpiece !!! a movie filled with joy and love because it was created in a different time , when it was more important to entertain people , the music the acting -LRB- ! -RRB- of the characters , everything is good in this timeless piece .
 Disney 's `` Pinocchio '' is the third installment of the `` Walt Disney Gold Collection '' as of March 7th , 2000 . The `` Walt Disney Gold Collection '' is a group of films that inspire wonder and imagination for a life time , and `` Pinocchio '' fits that scription perfectly!Geppettpo is a lonely wood carver until one night when the blue fairy grants his wish of his puppet Pinocchio becomeing alive . But it 's up to Pinocchio to finish Geppetto 's wish of him becoming a real boy . If Pinocchio can prove himself brave , truithful , and unkind , he will be a real boy . Even though he has the help of Jiminy Cricket , Pinocchio gets sidtracked . And when Geppetto is swallowed by a whale , it 's up to Pinocchio to save the day.The great thing about the `` Walt Disney Gold Collection '' is that they include special features weather they are on video or DVD . `` Pinocchio '' has the original 1940 theatrical trailer , French Language Track , full screen -LRB- 1.33:1 -RRB- , and is THX Certified . So if you bought the video when it first came out , you may consider buying it again .
 Disney 's `` Pinocchio '' is the third installment of the `` Walt Disney Gold Collection '' as of March 7th , 2000 . The `` Walt Disney Gold Collection '' is a group of films that inspire wonder and imagination for a life time , and `` Pinocchio '' fits that escription perfectly!Geppettpo is a lonely wood carver until one night when the blue fairy grants his wish of his puppet Pinocchio becomeing alive . But it 's up to Pinocchio to finish Geppetto 's wish of him becoming a real boy . If Pinocchio can prove himself brave , truithful , and unkind , he will be a real boy . Even though he has the help of Jiminy Cricket , Pinocchio gets sidtracked . And when Geppetto is swallowed by a whale , it 's up to Pinocchio to save the day.The great thing about the `` Walt Disney Gold Collection '' is that they include special features weather they are on video or DVD . `` Pinocchio '' has `` A Wish Come True
 After over 60 years , this film stands out . An excellant movie . True Disney classic . Love the music . No extras on the disc , which is disappointing . Great picture quality , though
 I do own two copies of Pinocchio before this DVD , one beta tape -LRB- remeber beta ? -RRB- and one laserdisc . This current release appears to be the same digitally-cleaned-up version that was released as the last laserdisc version -LRB- there were two - one older nastier picture and a new cleaned-up one -RRB- . I do n't think I need to say much about the story . I guess folks of today should think of what the world was like then . And you can always decide what you want your children to see so it 's all up to you . It 's a case of old world , old value and new world , new fashion.The case stated that this was a theatrical aspect ratio which is probably right . The last laserdisc release was the same and I have n't seen a widescreen release of this one . A nice touch is the French credits when you select French soundtrack . Just be careful about the copy you get . The store I got it from had six defective discs out of ten they received . My first copy refused to play but I managed to push menu button on the remote and got in anyhow . And lo and behold , the film on there was The Prince of Egypt !!!! Hmmmm interesting .
 How can you go wrong with this childhood classic by Disney ! This was truly one of thee best animated movies ever produced . It is truly top notch compared to the animated features we have today . I think everyone young and old should own a copy !
 Out of all the movies we have at our disposal today , not one can match the exhilarance and emotions that come from this movie of Walt Disney . Other Walt Disney films have the same characteristics , in their own form , of course . I will definitely make sure it is in the `` video library '' of each of my grandchildren .
 This is one of Disney 's finest animated features ! The fact that it has not had a complete restoration done is mind boggling ! The print here looks like it is direct from VHS . It 's washed out and to make matters worse , there are no extras ! There is a 2 disc Platinum edition coming in 2009 , but what 's the hold up ? Disney seeme to skip over this classic gem and make two & three releases of other titles !?? I rate the film 5 stars , but this DVD edition gets 2 stars . Come on Disney get on the ball and give this film the treatment it deserves . 2 discs , complete restoration and extensive extra material .
 Pinocchio , winner of two Academy Awards , included on Roger Ebert 's Great Movie series -LRB- 1998 -RRB- , Time Magazine 's All Time 100 Movies list -LRB- Corliss , Schickel 2005 -RRB- , The American Film Institutes 's Animation Top 10 ranked second to only Snow White And The Seven Dwarfs -LRB- 2008 -RRB- , and selected to The Library of Congress National Film Registry with only 450 other titles . Now this acclaimed classic animated tale gets some real `` dvd '' treatment , along with an all new digital restoration -LRB- movieweb -RRB- at a fair price.The information below is a heads up on the features I found online via -LRB- movieweb -RRB- Special FeaturesDISC ONE - Pinocchio 's Matter of Facts - - Learn fun facts about Pinocchio and other related subjects as you watch the movie . - Audio Commentary -- An all-new audio commentary with Leonard Maltin , Eric Goldberg and J. B. Kaufman . - Disney Song Selection -- Select this option to sing along with favorite songs as the lyrics appear onscreen.DISC TWO - No Strings Attached
 Whoopee !! At long last Disney is re-releasing this classic animated motion picture on Platinum Edition DVD ! This is a marvellous treat for all animation fans everywhere !! Disney 's second full length animated feature is full to the brim with delights , and marvellous characters , such as Jiminy Cricket , Gepetto , the Blue Fairy , Pinocchio himself , Figaro the Cat , and Cleo the Mae Westian Fish , plus of course the darker elements of the story , namely the Fox John Worthington Foulfellow and his mute sidekick the Cat , the excitable Stromboli , the bad influence Lampwick , the chilling Coachman `` Oh they never come back as Boys !! The sequence of Lampwick 's transformation -LRB- and not to spoil things I 'll say no more ! -RRB- is terrifying!The film is full of exquisite detail , and through the extensive use of the - at the time - State of the Art Multiplane Camera * gives hitherto unseen effects of great depth to several suquences of the movie beginning with the establishing opening shot sequence when we first meet Jimminy Cricket!I look forward to the Making Of Featurette , with Gustav Tenggren 's splendid inspirational pre-production drawings etc.This is a movie to add to every animation buff 's / family 's DVD library ! * The Multiplane Camera was first used in the pioneering Silly Symphony The Old Mill , and then in Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs , which thankfully , is due out again next October in Disney Platinum Edition on DVD and Blu Ray !
 A well-done movie from Disney . A great kids movie , and the adults will find much to love here too . Jiminy Cricket really steals the show - just watch the scene where he comes into the pool hall where Pinocchio is smoking cigars and starts Jiminy yelling at him . I thought the scene was very funny . A good movie for the kids , slightly more mature than other Disney flicks , but something that the children will like.However , I do n't understand why parents say they do n't like showing this to infants and toddlers . Fact is , a two year old child will not understand what is going on very well , if at all . The transformation scene , the smoking , destruction , and the gun under Geppetto 's pillow goes right over any young child 's head . If a child tells you that the movie scares them , you simply put the DVD in a closet and leave it there - period . The movie was made about 2/3 of a century ago , when people did n't make such a big stink over EVERYTHING that happens in a children 's movie . And please use your head - if you are thoroughly convinced that Pinocchio will scare your toddler out of his socks , then purchase him a copy of `` Hoop De Doo ! It 's A Wiggly Party '' or `` The Care Bears Movie '' . Be warned , though - your child may not like these sugary sweet , super censored programs any more than you do .
 Walt Disney 's 1940 Pinocchio is the classic tale of misguided innocence in the dark and sinister world of greed and temptation . The tale of a little wooden puppet completely naive about the evil surrounding him , the most perfect start to a grand and spooky tale which begun in a beautiful starry night.The old , kind-hearted toy maker Gepetto had just finished his latest masterpiece , a wooden string puppet that showed off the most beautiful colors and grade , however , the toy maker feared that it was still missing something , a life . So , that night Gepetto made a wish upon a shining star , wishing for the life of his `` Pinocchio . '' That same night , a beautiful blue fairy payed a visit to Gepetto 's workshop and brought his wish to life.Having the wise Jimminy Cricket for a conscience , Pinocchio sets off in the real world in the task of leaving for school , unfortunately some wrong turns take him into the darker worlds of pure evil and greed . Bad influences are a strong match for Pinocchio and his faithful companion , but Pinocchio 's rising spirit helps him overcome temptations and mis-guidances and bring him back to the warmth of his home and gain his heart 's greatest desire.This outstanding film was the second full-length animated feature completed by Walt Disney and one of his finest masterpieces . I 'd recommend renting the film for kids and grown-ups alike are sure to love it . When it comes to buying , I suggest waiting for the future Platinum release that should hit the shelves withing a few years .
 `` When you wish upon a star , makes no difference who youare , anything you heart desires will come to you . `` You 've heard this song on the Disneyland and Superbowl commercials , but do you remember where it came from?It came from this cartoon , Pinocchio , Walt Disney 's second feature to `` Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs '' in 1940 . I repeat 1940 !! Wow and to this day , Pinocchio still stands out as one of the greatest movies of all time.This opinion is about the 60th anniversay VHS of Pinocchio with THX sound and Remastered visual footage . It even has a bonus at the end about the making of Pinocchio !!! Wow.This was a Christmas gift for my best friend and she loved it , and I can see why.Pinocchio is filled with dazzling animation , music and filled with so much fun and happyness that at the end of the movie , you will feel like wishing upon a star youreself.Pinocchio is about a wooden puppet made by toymaker Geppeto -LRB- Christian Rub -RRB- who wants his own son.Geppeto makes one wish , to have his own son . Geppeto gets his wish when the Blue Fairy brings Pinocchio to life !!! It took nearly 700 animators and technicians to bring Pinocchio to life and the hard work definitely shows !!! People can say whatever they want about Disney current movies , true they lack a certain magic unlike their cherish cartoon like Pinocchio , but Disney is one of a few companies that has a SOLID record of making Cartoon Classics that are loved by everyone.The fairy brings Pinocchio to life and promises to Pinoccho -LRB- voice of Dickie Jones -RRB- that he will remain a real boy if he follows the basic principles that every boy should have.He has to be loyal , truthful and above fair . She assigns Jiminy Cricket -LRB- Cliff Edwards -RRB- to be Pinocchio 's conscience.Well it sounds easy at first , but living up to these values is the real challenge here and Pinocchio tries his best to follow them , but since he has just being turned into a boy he doesnt yet know right from wrong.This is where we meet characters like , J. Worthington Foulfellow , Stromboli and Barker who take advantage of the young boy.Jiminy Cricket and the fairy save Pinocchio from his judgement calls , but yet Pinocchio doesnt learn to tell the truth and when he lies his nose starts to grow like a Christmas tree . : - -RRB- Meanwhile Geppeto is looking for Pinocchio and ends up being captured by a giant whale Monstro !!! Pinocchio saves Geppeto in a brillian animation sequence and Pinocchio by displaying bravery ends up being a real boy permanently.It 's a classic , I can say more but I dont want to spoil it for anyoneIn an age , where moral , brilliant , wholesome cartoons are scarce you look back to the classics and Pinocchio will forever stand out as one of the greatest classics ever made by Walt Disney who has left his print in the world and in children 's hearts.Go out and buy this for youre children
 Gepetto , a kindly old woodcarver , creates a little puppet boy of pine and names him Pinocchio . Because the old man , who has been generous and good all his life , loves children - but has none of his own - the Blue Fairy brings the marionette to life in order to be a son to him . She tells Pinocchio that in order to be a real boy , he must exhibit the virtues of truth , courage & selflessness ... A timeless excursion into the world of classic childhood fantasy , this 194O Disney picture will no doubt be treasured in 2O4O
 We just happened to have a VHS copy of this tape when we adopted our son at age four from a foreign country . In his first weeks at home , he watched the story over and over , seemingly endlessly.This should have been no surprise , I suppose . When you think about it , Pinocchio is really an adoption story -- the tale of an elderly man who has crafted a new life from his profound wish to have a child.Adopted children are not crafted , of course . They are a great gift from their birth families , who have sacrificed the child , usually -LRB- I think -RRB- because they know they can not provide him or her with adequate care . And yet , the child does in fact become `` real '' when he or she accepts the adoptive family as his own , and accordingly finds a real place in the world.For our son , Pinocchio provided the perfect metaphor at the perfect time and place . Here was a boy who awoke one morning in a strange environment he did not recognize , who was unable to attach to those who loved him , or even to tell right from wrong , or why telling the truth is an essential trait for all . Here was a boy who had so little self-respect , he could feel `` at home '' anywhere.Pinocchio finds himself at Geppetto 's home , replete with other puppets on strings , who unlike him , can not move or speak , not to mention the music boxes , coo coo clocks , Figaro the cat and Cleo , in a fish bowl . Eventually , as most grown-ups know , Pinocchio learns the lessons of love and the importance of family , bringing all his wishes true.For all children , this is a wonderful tale . But for adoptive children , it is especially poignant , for Pinocchio got a second chance , as do all adoptive children .
 If you have n't seen Pinocchio on Blu-ray , then you have n't seen it.I 've compared the Blu-ray high definition restoration with the regular DVD version and there is really no comparison . The depth of color and detail in the Blu-ray version on a high definition television is LIKE WATCHING IT IN THE THEATER . You really appreciate the DETAIL , COLORS , and MAGIC the Disney animators were able to create , decades before digital technology was even available.This Blu-ray version of Pinocchio is in a `` DVD package '' meaning , it is in the black case that most DVDs come in , BUT IT CONTAINS THE SAME 3 DISKS as the `` Blu-ray Packaging '' version!It includes ... Disk 1
 In PINOCCHIO , Walt Disney 's first feature-length cartoon since his historicSNOW WHITE AND THE SEVEN DWARFS -LRB- 1937 -RRB- , the artwork amazes , one of its wonderful songs , `` When You Wish Upon a Star , '' won an Oscar , and the story of a marionette come to life who must resist temptations -LRB- with the help of a cricket conscience -RRB- if he 's to become a real boy , positively charms . Artistic highlights are the brief wagon on a rainy night scene and the longer `` Gepetto in the whale '' sequence.Pinocchio is voiced by Dckie Jones , a skilled horseman from age 4 who later appeared in many western films and TV shows . Cliff Edwards , the voice of Jiminy Cricket here , was a popular 1920s recording artist known as ` Ukulele Ike . ' Edwards is credited with inventing a style of jazz singing called ` scat . ' Cliff referred to it as ` effing . ` The original Popeye , gravel-voiced William Costello , is probably heard as a statue , although IMDb assumes it 's his FLEISCHER replacement , Jack Mercer . In his only Disney picture -LRB- not counting `` Roger Rabbit '' -RRB- , Mel Blanc 's sole contribution is a hiccup -LRB- all his dialogue was cut -RRB- . Parenthetical number preceding title is a 1 to 10 IMDb viewer poll rating . -LRB- 7.7 -RRB- Pinocchio -LRB- 1940 -RRB- - uncredited voices of
 Pinocchio ranks second on my list of personal favorite Disney feature animations behind Peter Pan and it 's one of those stories that will forever be indelibly associated with the world famous studio . This one is a true cinematic fairy tale and like many old fairly tales has a very dark undercurrent . Pinocchio was the second feature length animation from Disney arriving in theaters in early 1940 following Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs but it does n't feel dated in the least thanks to a complete lack of pop references . Despite Disney having very little competition in the way of animation studios at the time it 's clear that they challenged themselves to produce some of the most stunning visuals ever . The movements are fluid and the backgrounds are wonderful with the classic Italian village architecture . It has the feel of something crafted by true artistic masters.Pinocchio is a film that moves at its own pace and one of the reasons Peter Pan ranks higher for me is that it keeps things moving briskly . On the other hand Pinocchio 's deliberate pace allows the viewer to really take in the atmosphere . It 's nearly a half hour before Pinocchio even leaves Geppetto 's workshop but what an amazing workshop it is . The animators are justifiably proud of the work they did in designing the workshop including the dozens of cuckoo clocks and music boxes . Even Geppetto wooden bed is marvelously intricate . This is a very immersive movie but it avoids being ponderous . I 'd always thought of Pinocchio as being a rather short movie but at 88 minutes it 's actually one of the longest Disney feature animations.The best part of Pinocchio is Pinocchio himself . The little wooden boy has the naivety of someone born yesterday because he literally was born yesterday . Minutes after being given life he 's delighted when his finger lights on fire while playing with a candle . Even as Geppetto rushes around his workshop to find something to extinguish the flame the grin of wonder never leaves Pinocchio 's face . When Pinocchio is freed from the clutches of evil puppet master Stromboli Jiminy Cricket grimly utters , ` goodbye , Stromboli ' , while the villains wagon rides off . Pinocchio responds by waving and cheerfully yelling , ` GOODBYE , STROMBOLI !!! ' before Jiminy can hush him . There is not a shred of malice in Pinocchio although his ignorance takes a dark turn when he 's seduced into some very destructive behavior that nearly leads to his end.I would like to say that is a film suitable for children of all ages but the truth is there are some really disturbing images . Monstro the whale can be frightening but the truly horrific character is ` The Coachman ' who has to go down as one of the all time most sinister beings in cinematic history . The entire Pleasure Island section is a nightmare of childish self indulgence which features among other things children smoking cigars . I watched this film when I was a child and I do n't think it scarred me but I definitely remembered its darkness . I might suggest a child be at least 7 and maybe even a little older . What ` The Coachman ' does to the children can definitely inspire some bad dreams in kids . The darkness of the movie is not a complaint it 's just a reality . From the animation to the songs to the story and voice acting this movie is near perfection . If you have a Disney collection Pinocchio is a must .
 SPOILERS FOLLOWThere are many , many things to love about Walt Disney 's 1940 animated film `` Pinocchio . '' The story boasts excellent , fully fleshed-out characters , the songs , including `` When You Wish Upon A Star '' and `` I Got No Strings On Me '' are some of the greatest numbers ever in a Disney production , and the movie presents at least five villains , if one includes Monstro . Yet , I can not love this movie unreservedly.With the vocal talents of Dickie Jones , Cliff Edwards , and Christian Rub , `` Pinocchio '' is mostly phenomenal , though with some major differences from the original tale by Carlo Collodi . For starters , both the cricket -LRB- according to Collodi , the animal was not given a proper name -RRB- and Pinocchio are immediately at harsh odds with each other . Walt Disney also takes the liberty of significantly toning down Pinocchio 's bratty rudeness from the book . While the story and characters around him are intriguing , Walt Disney 's re-conceived Pinocchio is actually a fairly boring hero.I always felt somewhat cheated by Pinocchio 's being essentially a completed puppet when Jiminy Cricket first comes into Gepetto 's shop . A montage of Gepetto carving the wood for him -LRB- laughing wood , no less -RRB- would have made more of a connection between the characters from the outset . Walt Disney did make a powerful compromise by having Gepetto paint a smile onto Pinocchio . By painting the smile , Gepetto is the author of Pinocchio 's personality and the creative ` father ' of the puppet , if not the literal ` father ' of the would-be boy.The movie is buoyed by villains who are unquestionably slippery and evil . The fox and cat are slippery charmers who smoothly deliver the unsuspecting Pinocchio over to the svengali Stromboli . Stromboli is very literally a puppetmaster , and the movie expertly massages the creative possibilities for outright horror that exist within a story about a puppet who wants to be a flesh-and-blood boy . Finally , the coachman on the Pleasure Island excursion is the most extreme of all villains in the movie , a devil who oversees the transformation of young boys into mindless donkeys . Symbolically , then , here Pinocchio sees the absolute worst side of his most cherished wish . Basically , becoming a genuine boy also means experiencing genuine human cruelty and mortal and spiritual danger.I will always miss the more rambunctious side of Pinocchio that Walt Disney chooses to ignore , and that decision makes this movie a little weaker than it could have been . Still , it is an expertly rendered adaptation .
 I just finished seeing Pinocchio on Blu-Ray , and I am amazed . This movie is older than Citizen Kane , but it looks like a dream . I understand some people have claimed the colors have been tampered with . It is true that there was a sepia tone to the VHS and previous DVD , that is now gone . Whether that sepia tone was truly the original look of the film , I am not old enough or knowledgeable enough to say . What I do know is that the movie looks fantastic on Blu-Ray , as if it was made yesterday -LRB- though hand-drawn animation of this quality is rare these days -RRB- , and I commend Disney on that.Of course , I would not be giving a Blu-Ray five stars simply for the image quality . Many claim that Pinocchio is one of Disney 's best feature films , if not the best . Unfortunately , I have n't seen many Disney feature films since the '90s when I was a kid , so I ca n't really compare Pinocchio to anything but fuzzy memories . But I did greatly enjoy Pinocchio . The animation is unbelievable , and the hand-painted backgrounds look wonderful . The characters are hilarious and charming . The story is of course the classic Pinocchio story based on the 1883 novel , a kind of dark morality tale , really , what with the child slavery element.This is a perfect movie for kids , but adults should definitely watch it as well . The animation is both technically and artistically exquisite , and the movie as a whole has a charm to it that is truly special .
 I may not be as well versed in the technical end of Disney movies but this film is my favorite Disney film . I originally saw it during its initial theatrical release when I was a child . I maintain that the detail in the scenes is amazing . The clocks in Gepetto 's shop are a wonderful experience itself . The detail that was put into these early hand drawn animated features is flawless . I just ca n't immagine any one today doing all that work on any film . Now all that work is done with computers and although the films look wonderful , there is something magical about an old hand drawn Disney flick . The updating of the film onto Blu-ray is amazing . It is clear and sparkles . I had purchased Pinocchio on VHS when it was released a few years ago but this is a vast improvement .
 Well when , I orded the movie I did not know it was only to be played in zone 2 so I cann ' t see it
 PINOCCHIO is one of the most famous and remarkable animations by DISNEY ... and it 's from 1940 !!!! UNBELIAVABLE !!! Of course , you ca n't compare with the computadorized high costed productions of today ... but by the time it was made , PINOCCHIO got just AMAZING graphics , musics and everything !!! This will stand the test of time , and became a legend in the future ...
 It was everything we expected . The color was good and the voices were true to what I thought they should have been .
 Pinocchio was great back when I was a kid in the Bronx , NY and it 's still a classic when I 'm 64 !
 This movie is a great tale and cute , good for all ages . Classic movie for everyone to love.I do Recommend it
 I ordered this for my 3 year old to add to our collection of Disney movies and she loves it !
 This is one of my favorite Disney films of the early years . This blu-ray edition is perfect in almost every sense of the word . The sound and picture quality are superb . This is a movie many families have come to know and love for ages now . For those who have yet to see it , I will not spoil the story , but instead encourage you to pick up a copy and watch it yourself , you will not regret it at all . This movie is one of those gems that stood the test of time , and with a little magic and digital touch-up it is guaranteed to add value to any movie collection .
 Bought this for our 18 month old son . Love that it has both the blu-ray version of it so we can play it at home and also the plain old dvd version of it so we can plan it on my macbook when traveling . We are huge fans of classic movies & cartoons for our 18 month old and this was one that was a must-have on our list to get for him !
 NICE MOVIE MY GRANDSON CA N'T SIT AND WATCH THE WHOLE THING YET BUT I WILL TAKE IT OUT IN A COUPLE OF MONTHS AND PLAY AGAIN
 The DVD Pinocchio is utilized by one of our teachers to teach the logic of conscience to the youngest class of children at our Church.The question of right and wrong decisions which will face each one is protrayed by Jiminy Cricket and while the children are learning to select proper values in life , they are entertained by the visual story of Pinocchio , who did not do so well in his selections.Not only is this children 's story entertaining to this age group , it is a wonderful teaching aid . Life 's values from a Christian view-point is essential to produce well balanced human beings in our society .
 This particualr Disney animated film has a legendary score , with `` When You Wish Upon A Star '' nearly being the Disney anthem . Also , are many other fine songs to accompany a gorgeously detailed animation technique . Great for children , but just as well for adults who enjoy masterpiece animation at it 's best .
 I will treasure this release of Pinocchio , which has never before seen a deluxe treatment . Today 's CG-minded braintrusts such as John Lasseter could do well to witness the truly marvelous multi-dimensional artwork and storytelling that was possible once without a single mouse click . Though CG is now king , those at Disney and elsewhere who fired all the talented 2D animators , have only proven their one-dimensional thinking . What I have seen of this new Bluray release is truly stunning . A pity that we will likely never see this type of animation again . Freeze any frame in this dvd of Pinocchio , and you will see something truly art gallery-worthy . Perhaps with the Bluray releases of Disney classics to come , the collection of executives at Disney may see a value in one day producing top quality Disney 2D animation that could stand alone in the industry . John Lasseter seems a genuinely talented man who respects the work of the many animation landmarks in the long and marvelous Disney history . Maybe one day he 'll listen to the ghosts of past animators such as Frank Thomas and Ollie Johnston , and wake up to realise that there are many of us out here who wish for a return to the storybook beauty that can be witnessed from start to finish in Pinocchio . Lady and the Tramp ... Beauty and the Beast ... the Lion King ... remember how you felt when you watched them as a kid ? They had those unforgettable characters that started out as a line from an artist 's brush , instead of as a polygon on a computer screen in today 's animated movies.And if we wish hard enough upon a star , maybe it too is a dream that can come true . If it worked for a wooden puppet , maybe it can work for me , and those who are like-minded .
 I do n't even think it is close , with the exception of `` Lady and the Tramp . '' This is the greatest Disney Film ever made , filled with laughs , tears and frights , Disney outdid themselves with this film .
 I am very happy with this transaction . It was excellently packaged and arrived promptly . The DVD is exactly as described and I 'm very happy with it . -RSB- Thank you .
 My grandchildren love it and EVERY Grandparent should keep films like this to entertain the grandchildrenKeep the little Angels quiet without a fuss since the actually like this product and will thank you for letting them watch it.The NEVER get tired of watching .
 So excited that I was able find this DVD ! Will be the perfect Christmas gift for my little girl ! Awesome !
 A Disney classic for so many reasons . One of the best children 's films ever made & it never gets old . Every child should have this in their collection .
 I bought this as a gift for my grandchildren . They are now enjoying a great Disney classic in an updated blu ray version .
 Many critics consider Pinocchio the best Disney cartoon feature ever . Personly , I like Peter Pan more . However , not liking Pinocchio is akin to not liking youself . The picture quality on this set is unbeatable and the DVD extras are fantastic . Impossible to give any other DVD a higher recomendation .
 Not just Disney fans need to pay attention to this 70th Anniversary edition DVD out now . The classic Pinocchio is like a fine wine , it gets better with age .
 I own this movie from when I was a kid , and my kids love it . Once again , Disney has produced a true classic .
 If I had to choose a favorite Disney movie to be made by Walt Disney himself , then that would definetly be `` Pinocchio . '' The main reason is because of Pinocchio , himself . is cute , innocent , and much more delightful than the jerk in the book . Jiminy Cricket is also a fun sidekick character . He 's charming , he sings softly , he definetly knows between right and wrong , and he is only crabby when something goes wrong . Figaro the cat is cute and bratty , such a delightful comic relief . The song `` When You Wish Upon A Star '' is soft and delightful . Also , the music video on this edition is one of the few Disney music videos I personally approve of . The only thing I pan about this movie is Stromboli and the Coachman . They both make the movie dark , and neither get punished . Luckily though , that 's not the focus of the film . This is definetly one of Walt Disney 's greatest films for a reason !
 What can I say ? Disney has always been known for his animated `` fairy tale '' films . Pinocchio is one of his best classics & has many `` moral teachings '' that all children should learn when they 're young !
 This is the best I have ever seen this movie , and probably the best anyone has seen this movie since it was created . You can just see the love and care the disney animators made this movie with 70 years ago , and the same love and care was used to restore this film . As a kid who grew up with this movie , seeing it again in this format is a real treat . A must buy for any fan of this film .
 IF YOU ARE A DISNEY FAN THIS EDITION IS A MUST OWN AND NOT VERY LIKELY TO BE REISSUED IN THIS SPECIAL STEELBOOK EDITION.THIS MOVIE WAS NOT SOLD IN STORES AND IS A VERY COLLECTABLE ADDITION FOR YOUR COLLECTION AND ALSO CONTAINS BOTH THE BLUE RAY RELEASE AS WELL AS THE DVD RELEASE .
 This Blu-ray edition is so much better , it 's only like a dollar more than the regular DVD one . First , there are three disc ; the first disc is a Blu-ray of the movie , the second disc is a Blu-ray of bonus features , and the third disc is a DVD of the movie with features . You 're basically getting the movie twice -LRB- on Blu-ray and DVD -RRB- ; I was very please when I found that out , especially since the price is so insignificant to the regular DVD one . So I kept the Blu-ray disc of the movie , and then I sent the DVD version to my son -LRB- he does n't have Blu-ray anyway , and I do n't need two versions of the movie -RRB- . Also , wow , the technicolor is so amazing !!! I wish that they still made movies in technicolor.But I digress - anyway , true to all of its marketing advertistment , it is true , colors are restored and remastered in its brilliant technicolor format -LRB- you would n't even need a HDTV ; I have one , but you would n't need one , that 's how good the colors are -RRB- . The sound is also incredible , the movie volume came across louder than my cable channels ; I had it on volume level 25 when I was watching TV , and when I put the movie in , it was so loud I had to lower the volume to 12 - great sound !
 Pinocchio is considered by many to be the finest film from the Disney Studios , with not only the best artwork but also one of the most carefully crafted stories and the best musical score . Having spent the last two nights viewing everything on both discs in the Pinocchio Platinum Edition , I settled in to write a review . But first I read some comments , including the interesting and highly informed negative review that called into question the alleged tampering with the color palette . I have the 1999 Gold Edition as well as the new 2009 re-master . Having personally no way to know what the original colors were , I can only comment on a comparison of the two versions . Compared side-by-side , the 2009 re-master is breathtakingly better than the 1999 version
 I remember `` Pinocchio '' as being the first Disney movie I ever saw , although a half-century later such memories might be suspect , although I am pretty sure that the main thing I remember walking out of the movie theater way back when was Monstro the Whale . My main impression this time was that the animation is rougher than I recalled . Of course this makes perfect sense , because this 1940 movie is the first full-length animated film that Disney released after `` Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs , '' although the studio was working on `` Bambi '' at the same time . But in my mind I had the level of animation being more akin to what we see in `` Cinderella . '' But compare the level of animation here with `` Steamboat Willie , '' the firstMickey Mousecartoon , and you can see the quantum leap that Disney had already taken in the field . When the American Film Institute did its `` Ten Top Ten '' lists , `` Pinocchio '' was number two on the list after `` Snow White , '' a judgment that reflects the monumental historical importance of that first cartoon movie , because judged by creative standards `` Pinocchio '' is the superior film.Watching `` Pinocchio '' again and going through all of the bonus features on this 70th anniversary Platinum Edition DVD served to reinforce the idea thatWalt Disneywas a genius , a fact that needs to be driven home to those generation of Disney fans who have been born after his death and do not remember him hosting `` The Wonderful World of Disney '' on Sunday nights . The two things that stood out to me where the fact that when Walt took that first big gamble with `` Snow White '' -LRB- critics the colors are too bright , they will hurt people 's eyes to watch a cartoon that runs an hour -RRB- , he already had his new two animated features in the pipeline , and that he insisted the songs in his movies move the story along . Both of those ideas are taken for granted today , but you have to put things in the context of the times . Walt Disney is the Moses who gets animation from `` Gertie the Dinosaur '' to the latest computer animated effort from the folks at Pixar . The mantle might have been passed , but let 's not forget who the person responsible for the mantle.Kids might like the Games & Activities included on the second disc in this set and may even recognize Meaghan Jette Martin , who sings the updated version of `` When You Wish Upon a Star '' in the requisite music video -LRB- Sorry , nothing tops Cliff Edwards as Jiminy Cricket singing that particular song -RRB- . For me the attraction is all of the Bakcstage Disney materials , with the Never-Before-Seen Deleted Scens and Alternat Ending , the All-New `` Making of ` Pinocchio ' '' featurette and the proverbial `` Much , Much More ! '' From the start , these Platinum Editions from Disney have been designed to cater to those of us who want to be more than casual fans of these classic full-length cartoons . When they began putting these out the gold standard in DVD extras were the Criterion Collection films , but these Disney Platinum Editions routinely exceed those efforts . We would be happy just to have this film on DVD , but Disney is committed to preserving its legacy by treating these classic films like cinematic heirlooms . I have not seen a Disney Plantinum Edition that was not worth owning , and if for some reason you felt compelled to limit yourself to only five of them , then `` Pinocchio '' would have to be one of those five . Actually , I think if you only had one of them , this would be the one -LRB- although `` Beauty and the Beast '' would admittedly be my close second -RRB- .
 One of the most endearing adventures ever taken in the imagination of a child or an adult . A truly wonderful , old world , and just gorgeous pictures and paintings . Good morals to teach the young . Family ties are very strong and we truly need to get back to the life of nuclear families . The way things once were even in a classic cartoon . A true work of art .
 The first four Disney features are arguably the best ever produced at the studio , and while SNOW WHITE AND THE SEVEN DWARFS is still a strong and remarkable achievement , PINOCCHIO is an even more impressive one.It is a very dark film -- the comedy is sugar coating on a tale of horror where evil characters lurk in every corner , luring innocents from the ` strait and narrow path ' into dreadful fates , relieved only after Pinocchio pays a price . The delightful characters and strong story line make PINOCCHIO one of my favorite Disney films.I am very pleased to hear that deleted storyboards and preproduction materials will be included on the disc . It has been a long wait but it will be worth it . I 'm eagerly awaiting this disc 's release .
 Dickie Jones , who does the voice of Pinocchio , did a brief audio interview in 2009 , discussing his participation in 1934 's `` March of the Wooden Soldiers '' and how he was given the role of Pinocchio.He also talks about his family and marriage of 59 years.To hear this interview and see a recent photo of Mr. Jones , please go to -LSB- . . -RSB- and click on Interviews .
 This animated Disney movie is a timeless classic that contains all the elements of a great story . The characters are incredibly well animated and sympathetic . Pinocchio finds himself routinely , and often naively , getting into trouble even when he tries to keep out of trouble . This classic has action , excitement and cleverly hidden morals to delight all family members.Lonely woodcarver Geppetto -LRB- voiced by the late veteran actor Christian Rub -RRB- carves a wooden boy that he names Pinocchio . Geppetto longs for the family he never had , most particularly , a child . The Blue Fairy -LRB- voiced by Evelyn Venable , who has a star on Hollywood 's Walk of Fame -RRB- hears and feels Geppetto 's longing , and gives the wooden boy life . The Blue Fairy also promises that Pinocchio will have an opportunity to become a real boy . The Blue Fairy also gives Pinocchio -LRB- voiced by Dickie Jones , who had an extensive film career as a child -RRB- a conscience in the form of Jiminy Cricket -LRB- voiced by Cliff Edwards , who voiced Jiminy Cricket nearly to his death in 1971 , and who also appeared in `` Gone with the Wind '' -RRB- . Almost as soon as Pinocchio goes out into the world , ostensibly to go to school , he encounters mischief in the form of Honest John -LRB- voiced by the late veteran star Walter Catlett , who appeared in many movies such as `` Friendly Persuasion , '' `` The Inspector General , '' and `` Yankee Doodle Dandy '' -RRB- . Honest John quickly sees opportunity in selling Pinocchio to a showman . Pinocchio gets out of trouble and then right back into trouble , ending up in Pleasure Island where boys make jackasses -LRB- another word for donkey -RRB- out of themselves . Fortunately Pinocchio escapes before completely changing into a donkey.However , Pinocchio 's troubles are just beginning . When Pinocchio returns home he discovers that Geppetto has gone searching for him , and has yet to return . Learning the Monstro the Whale may have swallowed Geppetto , Pinocchio goes seeking Monstro , finding him . The encounter with Monstro , the rescue of Geppetto and the end of this movie forms one of the greatest endings of any animated movie.I was quite fascinated by the difference of opinions between reviewers regarding this movie . Most reviewers find Pinocchio to be a great classic tale of innocence and selflessness . However , a small minority of reviewers finds Pinocchio to be scary for young children , or they believe the acting and singing to be horrible.I watched Pinocchio as a very small child , and was absolutely in love with the movie . Had VCRs or DVDs existed back in the 1960s , I would have insisted that we have Pinocchio so I could watch it again -LRB- and again -RRB- . We need to permit our children to understand fear so that they may conquer their fear . I am unafraid of whales , though sharks make me nervous . I saw `` Jaws '' as an adult . Which do you think had the greater effect on me?As for the singing , many people find that Cliff Edwards ' singing sends chills down their back . I am similarly impressed . Few people are able to put the kind of emotion into a song the way Cliff Edwards did ; certainly very few in this era of throwaway pop . The score and the song `` When You Wish Upon a Star '' received two Academy Awards and an ASCAP award.The acting in this movie was very good . Animated films tend to be a bit dramatic because they are often larger-than-life , and the acting well matched the animation in this movie . I consider the acting in this movie to be phenomenal when compared to the acting in other animated films.Walt Disney created an animation masterpiece with Pinocchio . This film came during a creative peak for Disney , along with the great , experimental and often misunderstood `` Fantasia . '' This movie is a rarity among movies in that it is suitable for all normal family members . The youngest members of the family may benefit from adult attendance to explain certain aspects of the movie . This movie does contain a number of very wonderful and subtle morals that Walt Disney smoothly integrated with the story . Lovers of family films and animated films will absolutely need this one for their collection . Enjoy!This review is based on a copy of the DVD provided to me for review by Amazon and Disney Studios .
 MY FIRST MOVIE!This movie has a special place in my heart in that I first saw it at about age 5 with my dad and it was a momentous occasion . I still remember that day because it was the first time I had ever set foot into a movie theatre . And there 's a moral to the story-don ' t tell a lie . Poor Pinocchio , every time he even attempted to tell a lie , the whole world knew about it just by looking at his nose ! When you wish upon a star is one of my favorite Disney songs , and I love Jiminy Cricket . ` Look at the crowds bleeding with laughter , at the way you entertain at beckon call . They do n't see beyond the lights , or the painted background.THEY JUST LIKE TO SEE YOU FALL . ' - Jars of Clay 's song A Boy on a String
 Item received was exactly as advertised , and arrived within 3 or 4 days . I am very pleased with this seller !
 When I received my movie , I got a BluRay disc instead of a DVD , like I ordered . I emailed the seller and they resolved the issue instantly ! I got the DVD and they sent me a pre-paid label to send back the BluRay movie . Great seller !
 For the past two years I 've searched the stores looking for a copy of Pinoccio , and never found one.why did n't I just go to Amazon in the first place and I would have had the movie years ago . I wanted my grandchildren to hear the story of Pinocchio and learn the lesson of what happens when you tell a fib . My nose is small to this day , thanks to the lesson I learned from Walt Disney and his wonderful wood boy .
 I have been getting the run around all summer . If anyone can help me find a good seller for a Pinocchio DVD that works , I would appreciate it very much .
 My father loved Disney 's Pinocchio as a child and I still had the video tape of the carttoon in his memory !
 As a child one of my earliest memories of going to the movies was going to see Pinocchio . I have seen many Disney films since then , but Pinocchio is still one of my favorites.For me at least what makes this movie stand above so many other animated movies is the story , and the characters . The simple Italian fairytale of Pinocchio is really taken to the next level in this movie as we see the rich animation paint beautiful images across the screen . From Gepetto 's wood shop with all the clocks to Pleasure Island , all parts of the animation really surpass anything anyone could have expected.The characters are all interesting and well developed . From Pinocchio to Monstro you get a real understanding of their personlities as well as their struggles.The Story though is what makes the film . For a Disney film this is really a dark story . I 'm sure that Disney had a little pressure to comprimise the story to make it more `` kid friendly '' but the fact that he stayed true to what he envisioned for this film really pays off in the end.In all the Disney animated movies made I would personally put Pinocchio in the top 3 just behind , The Lion King and Peter Pan.I think is would be a great movie for theater classes as it shows the perfect example of character and story development , and flawless animation perfection.Pinocchio for some reason has n't really received the praise it rightfully deserves from Disney . It is n't released that often and when it is , it 's not to the same fanfare as other more recent Disney films , and that is unfortunate . If you can pick this one up you should .
 I have 4 grandchildren they all have this dvd . Of course I bought it for them . I never tire of watching Pinocchio.Its one Disney movie I hope they never remake It.I give this dvd 10 Stars ************
 Love the animation , the detail , colors , Blue Fairy . A timeless story for all ages .
 Pinocchio was Walt Disney 's 2nd animated movie and 1st with the main character as a male . This movie was out 3 years after Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs . The movie is about a puppet who wants to be a real boy . And his father also wants him to be a real boy . As the movie opens , a cricket named Jiminy Cricket -LRB- Cliff Ewards -RRB- comes to the home of a puppetmaster/maker Geppetto -LRB- Christian Rub -RRB- who is about to finish a puppet whom he names Pinocchio -LRB- Jones -RRB- . And before going to see sleep that night Geppetto makes a wish that Pinocchio become a real boy . And a blue fairy shows up after Geppetto goes to sleep and brings Pinocchio to life . And tells him if he can prove himself brave , truthful , and unselfish that one day he will become a real boy . She also tells Pinocchio that he has to know right from wrong . And dubs Jiminy as Pinocchio 's conscience . And promises Jiminy that someday he may get a badge . When Pinocchio makes some noise he wakes up Geppetto and at first thinks he is dreaming . Pinocchio runs 88 minutes . To bad Disney put htis out of stock on 1/31/02 . But look at the bright side , in about 10 years , Disney will re-release this movie .
 I bought this dvd about 4 months ago , my daughter already knows the lines , she loves it . It is a charming , entertaining and funny movie for the whole family . The only downsize that I found for this movie is that it is too expensive for the features it includes . There 's just the original theatrical trailer , which is just a scene of the movie , which is not something you will die to see . I think Disney could have include a short documentary of how the idea of Pinocchio was conceived , or the origins of the story , or maybe a video of when you whish upon a star as they did with Snow White 's Some day my Prince will come and maybe a cartoon , just something to compensate the price . Besides that , it is a wonderful movie by the story itself .
 In a small swiss village there lived a woodcarving toymaker named Gheppeto who just made his latest masterpiece of a puppet named Pinocchio -LRB- Later voiced by Dick Jones -RRB- and a homeless talking Cricket named Jimminy -LRB- Voiced by Cliff Edwards -RRB- moves in . Gheppeto asks a blue fairy for a special wish to be granted for his puppet to be a real boy yet it comes true as Pinocchio comes to life yet he 's not a real boy yet . His task in order to become a real flesh-and-blood boy is that he must be brave , truthful and unselfish and that the fairy assigns Jimminy as his conscience to help him along the straight and arrow path but the next day as Pinocchio skips school as he goes into many adventures into so much temptations such as trying to be a star no thanks to a sleazy puppeteer named Stromboli to Pleasure Island where naughty boys have nothing but fun and of course trying to find his missing father in the stomach of a whale named Monstro.Brilliantly animated classic that has stood the test of time for many generation 's since it 's release , it 's Walt Disney 's second animated movie after his stunning first animated movie `` Snow White '' but i think this one surpassed that one in terms of animation , art and storytelling . Here this movie offers dark edges that might be scary for young children just like the earlier Snow White but it 's got something for everyone like the memorable `` When you Wish Upon a Star '' song to `` High Diddly-Dee '' with unforgettable characters that i believe made it Walt Disney 's masterpiece and a childhood favorite of mine for many years.This Blu-Ray offers amazing picture and sound quality that is restored to wondeful quality and offers terrific extras like trivia track , deleted scenes , a 56 minute documentary , audio commentary , music video , disney song selection karakoe singalongs , two featurettes , still galleries , trailers and a bonus DVD disc of the movie .
 Just as wonderful to watch now as it was when I was a little girl . Now my little girl gets to enjoy it ! She loves it and has watched it many times . Beautifully done .
 Item being reviewedPinocchio -LRB- Two-Disc 70th Anniversary Platinum Edition + Standard DVD + BD Live -RRB- -LSB- Blu-ray -RSB- Great product and beautiful enhanced version of a Disney classic . DH
 Disney Studios reached their peak with Pinocchio . The level of detail is just phenomenal , and Blue Ray really showcases it like never before . The extra features are also very well done .
 This is another movie that I ordered for the same relative . They do n't own a computer , so they are n't able to order those good movies that you ca n't find in a video , or department store . I 'm sure they are enjoying this movie . They would have let me known if there was a problem .
 This film transfers beautifully to Blu-Ray format , and is representative of how animation was created in the Golden Era . I am hoping this means we will get more Classic Disney animated films in the future . I can rattle off a lot of techno speak , but this film is a major romp in the old style .
 I loved when I was little , and my daughter loves it now ! It 's great.The only thing I would have liked about it more , was if it was remastered more -LRB- Like Sleeping Beauty -RRB- But it still looks great on Blu-ray !
 Great Movie ! I remember watching this when I was a little kid , and my 4 year old loves it . Quality is good .
 The movie is a timeless classic and being able to purchase it from Amazon was wonderful ! Because I 'm a customer of Amazon , just one click of the mouse made purchasing this item quick and easy . I 'm very satisfied with my order and will definitely purchase through Amazon again ! Much thanks !
 It brought memories of the movie I saw when I was younger . I loved its message .
 `` Pinocchio '' may be the best film that Disney gave us and this DVD version is as good as it can be . The drawings are magnificently detailed and the memorable music is excellent . No film collection should be without it .
 I loved the movie all over again , I will have my 8 yr old nephew and 5 yr old , and all the other abot 9 yrs that want to watch it.It is lovely , on my recent vacation/retreat I drew pinochio onto a full page -LRB- from a little 2-3 inch from Disneyworld -RRB- . , and now I have my own `` self made poster to enjoy '' . The product came very shortly after I had ordered it.Thanks , G. Novack
 For those who know the movie
 Beauty in the Beast is my favorite animated movie , but I think Pinocchio might be the best animated movie of all time . It 's just perfect . Walt Disney 's second animated feature lenth film after Snow White combines superb animation with a real soul of life . In a timeless story of a puppet coming of age , Pinocchio learns harsh lessons of temptation in a world of cruel characters , and eventually finds what 's really most important . The richness of characters like Jiminy Cricket , Pinocchio 's creator Gappetto , and a host of charismatic bad guys , just makes this film a special one.The DVD is a terrific restoration of picture and sound quality . It has a nice second disk of extra features , but the movie is what this is all about . A classic in every sense of the word .
 It shipped fast and in perfect condition . It was great dealing with this company .
 This movie is fantastic , especially now on DVD and my nose wo n't grow saying that !
 I had never seen Pinocchio -- I bought it for my daughter . It is worth watching . You better get it before it diappears into the Disney vault for a while .
 I visited Florence , Italy this year which is the home of Pinocchio . I bought 2 wooden marionettes for my great grandchildren who live in New York . When I got back home I researched Amazon.com . I found the original Pinocchio movie with Mel Blanc and purchased it for the children.The children just loved it and ca n't wait until I visit them to watch the movie with them . I am anxious to see the movie , because I was a little girl when Pinocchio was so popular .
 Great picture quality . Watched it with my 21 month grandson and he loved it . Great memories and price !
 Like most of them , Disney 's second feature-length animated film has a subtle moral
 I remember watching this movie as a young lad . As all of Disney 's early films , it `` enchanted '' me . I purchased this film and watched it again just recently and happily found it just as good -LRB- if not better -RRB- then I remembered it as a child . This story has very strong moral values about being honest and telling the truth and the consequences we will face if we choose to do whats wrong . With beautiful animation from the `` golden days '' of Disney , this classic tale will charm and warm your heart for year 's to come !
 this is , by far , my favorite of disney 's classic era of films . from the lush , detailed backgrounds to the flowing animation style , to the inimitable jiminy cricket , this one has it all . i watched it a bunch of times and it was terrific .
 Keeping these to entertain our grandson as he grows up ! Like the combo Blue-Ray , DVD idea too ! Replacing all of the VHS versions of these Disney Classics !
 Great movie , arrived quickly and was exactly as described . Will buy again from this seller . Makes a great gift . I want my nieces and nephews to have all the Disney movies and this is a great place to buy them .
 Arrived new , as was listed , and promptly with no problems . The children of this generation should watch more movies like this one .
 Movie in good condition and was viewed several times after purchase . I have purchased several movies and have been very pleased with all .
 Classic Pinnochio movie . Purchased for our grandson , he loves the movie . It helps develop life attributes such as honesty and integrity and trustworthyness .
 This is a great movie to watch . Totally captivating . Stupendous condition for the price . Definitely would recommend to everyone who has never seen a classic Disney movie .
 This might 've been the very first Disney Animated Classic I ever saw in my life , and definitly the best of the `` old '' Disney animated fatures -LRB- Lion King is probably the best of the `` new '' ones -RRB- . Those first few lyrics during the opening credits just give me the chills every time . `` When you wish upon a star , makes no difference who you are ... `` Upon hearing that song , your mind goes PURE DISNEY . It 's great . It 's the same feeling you get when you ride Pirates of the Carribean -LRB- `` THIS IS A CLASSIC !! '' -RRB- . I saw it many times as a kid , and then I did n't watch it for several years . The other day I decided to rent it , and watching it as a 19 year-old is alot different then watching it in the single-digit age years . Back then , I did n't pay as much attention to plot as I do now , and this movie has a great plot , even for adults , along with great visuals for the kids . If you have n't seen this version , go rent it or even buy it ! You wo n't be disappointed in this great Disney Classic .
 Walt Disney said that he considered `` Snow White '' to be his masterpiece . I hate to disagree with the master , but I think `` Pinocchio '' should have that honor . The story of a puppet trying to become a boy has a meaning that will be obvious to adults - try to be good and you will succeed despite incredible odds - but it is not `` preachy '' and kids love it!Carlos Collodi 's story of the puppet that becomes a boy has = never = been translated to film better . Everyone knows the story - a lonely puppeteer named Gepetto make a wish to have a son . The Blue Fairy hears his wish , and decides to grant it in an unusual fashion - she brings his most recent creation to life , and gives the - puppet - a chance to prove himself in order to become a boy . Pinocchio has many misadventures while learning life 's lessons , but finally appears to give his `` life '' when saving his father from the monster whale , Monstro . The Blue Fairy returns and says that the ultimate sacrifice has earned him the ultimate prize - he becomes a real live boy!Honored by the Academy Awards for Best Song -LRB- `` Wish Upon A Star '' -RRB- and Best Score , this movie deserves every award in the book . There has never been more object lessons taught so easily . Do n't lie . Be brave . Stay on the path to your goal . And not preachy , either . Jiminy Cricket has one of the most popular Disney songs ever - `` When You Wish Upon a Star '' . Pinocchio 's troubles are still valid today . Pinocchio is tempted by fame and to `` run away from your problems '' . Pinocchio is tempted by evil - becoming a donkey because he acts like one is still one of the most impression making scenes in Disney 's history . Finally , his intelligence in triumphing over Monstro gives him the experience to prove himself worthy . Every family should own this Disney masterpiece.The THX restoration of the video and sound makes this a real viewing experience - just as clear and clean as it might have been in the theaters in 1940 . The only disappointment I had is with the `` extra '' material on the DVD . Almost no extra material at all . It just includes the original theatrical trailer , and a French language track . Come on , Disney , give us more about Pinocchio ! After seeing what was possible with the recent release of the `` Platinum '' edition of `` Snow White '' , I can only hope that they will eventually turn their energies towards this film as well.Highly recommended for families , especially families with young children . The `` Gold Edition '' of this DVD is now officially on moratorium - maybe after that we 'll see the version we want !
 i loved this movie because it was so charming . it helps children who are becoming moody pre-teens get through that stage of learning . it never gets too complex , but it hints at how different the world is from Sunday School while being age appropriate . it does n't become condescending . a lot can be accomplished if the family sits down afterwards and discusses its themes . the other reviews are far superior to mine , but i felt moved to offer my spin . Classic Disney movies are never a waste of money because they teach , entertain or remind adults of the problems in being a human being , no matter how old you are .
 Our century can be proud of roughly a dozen artistic geniuses . Walt Disney was one of them . This movie will testify that statement . His 3 or 4 first full-lenghth films were already the climax , which was never again paralleled . This to me , is one of the best 10 celluloid works of all times . It 's simply perfect and Disney did n't get the financial support afterwards that enabled him to create this breathtaking masterwork . Nowadays , there 's so much emphasis on the highly praised `` effects orgies '' , but they are mere trilbies , compared to this `` chapeau magique '' .
 A musical , magical , gorgeously animated movie , Pinocchio is one of the first classic Disney films that began to `` brand '' the Disney image of enchanting , vigorous family entertainment . The characters , from kindly Geppetto , to the intoxicating Jiminey Cricket , and Cleo , Figaro and all of the `` baddies '' , are endlessly engaging . Flawlessly executed , with a well-constructed , and purposely manipulative screenplay , this movie is one of those rare pieces of commercial art
 Pinocchio is , in my opinion , the very best of the Disney animated films and has been a positive influence on many generations of movie goers . The review of `` Gatsby '' below is really scary , if it is not a joke . If he/she is this freaked out by Pinocchio they must really have a tough time with 99 % of films made since the silver screen was first lit .
 A classic story retold through the vision of Walt Disney and his studio.Made at a time during this century when war had again broken in Europe and children there were shipped out of there homes by the thousands to safety of places all over the world.Truly a time of great morality and this film reflects those morals ; The more you lie the deeper you get into trouble-as deep as the inside of a whale at the bottom of the ocean!One of the Disney Studio 's most lavish and entertaining productions .
 Pinocchio -LRB- Two-Disc 70th Anniversary Platinum Edition + Standard DVD + BD Live -RRB- -LSB- Blu-ray -RSB- Feature film Blu-Ray technical specifications : Video
 I recently bought Pinocchio on Blue Ray , and was blown away by the colors and the quality ! I was skeptical that it could look much better than before , but the Blue Ray did make a huge difference . I 'd recommend this to anyone who wants to add a high quality classic to their collection . It 's worth the extra money .
 Pinocchio is one hour and twenty-seven minutes long and was released in theaters on February 9 , 1940 . The story begins with Jiminy Cricket introducing the story of Pinocchio and who it all began . Jiminy Cricket hopped into a clock and toy shop where all the clocks and toys are made out of wood . After exploring the place he spots Pinocchio and soon Geppetto , along with his pet cat Figaro , walks into the room to put the finishing touches on the place . At the time Pinocchio had no name and it was Geppetto who gave Pinocchio his name . Figaro and Cleo , Geppetto 's pet goldfish , do not like the name . Later on that night , Geppetto makes a wish on the Wishing Star and he wishes that Pinocchio was a real boy . After Geppetto , Figaro and Cleo are sound asleep ; the Blue Fairy appears and turns Pinocchio into a living puppet . She tells Pinocchio if he wants to become a real boy then he must prove to be brave , truthful and unselfish . Pinocchio must also be able to tell right from wrong and to listen to his conscience . The Blue Fairy appoints Jiminy Cricket to be Pinocchio 's and help him to teach right from wrong . While Jiminy Cricket and Pinocchio are singing Give A Little Whistle , Pinocchio falls onto some pots and wakes up Geppetto , Figaro and Cleo . Geppetto finds to his surprise that Pinocchio has come to life . Geppetto realizes that his wish has come true and is overcome with joy . The next day Geppetto sends Pinocchio to school . On his way to school Pinocchio runs into John Worthingthon `` Honest John '' Foulfellow and Gideon . Honest John tricks him into actor 's life . Jiminy Cricket , who is running late , tries to talk Pinocchio out of it . Pinocchio instead goes with Honest John and Gideon . Honest John real intent is to sell Pinocchio to Stromboli who is a puppet master . Stromboli uses Pinocchio in his act and in his stage debut Pinocchio sings I 've Got No Strings . Jiminy Cricket finally catches up to Pinocchio and sees Pinocchio enjoying himself . At first Jiminy was just going to leave Pinocchio , but instead decides to say good-bye to him and wish him luck . When he arrives he finds that Stromboli has locked Pinocchio in a bird cage . Jiminy tries to pick the lock but is unable to do so . The Blue Fairy arrives and asks Pinocchio what has happen . When Pinocchio starts to tells lies his nose begins to grow . The Blue Fairy explains `` A lie keeps growing and growing until it 's as clear as the nose on your face . '' Pinocchio say he will go straight the Blue Fairy sets him free . On the way home Pinocchio runs into John Worthingthon `` Honest John '' Foulfellow and Gideon again . To Pinocchio credit he does try to talk his way out of Honest John offer to go to Pleasure Island saying he has to go home . Honest John once again tricks Pinocchio and as Jiminy Cricket says here we go again . Jiminy Cricket has a bad feeling about Pleasure Island and Pinocchio along with his new friend Lampwick go off and have a good time . Jiminy finally finds Pinocchio playing pool with Lampwick and Jiminy is furious . Pinocchio is having a good time does not want to leave and Jiminy leaves in a huff . Jiminy finds out the truth about Pleasure Island ; the kids are being turned into donkeys to be sold to salt mines and circuses . Jiminy runs back to inform Pinocchio about what is going . In the meantime Pinocchio is watching Lampwick turn into a donkey and Pinocchio is also taking on donkey features . Pinocchio grows a donkey 's tail and ears . Jiminy arrives and rescues Pinocchio . Once the two are back home they find the home baron and a message from the Blue Fairy saying Geppetto , Figaro and Cleo went looking for him but were swallowed by a whale named Monstro and resides there now . Pinocchio and Jiminy Cricket go in search of Monstro and find him . Pinocchio is swallowed by Monstro and is reunited with Geppetto , Figaro and Cleo . Pinocchio comes up with a plan to escape and Monstro sneeze the gang out of his stomach . This makes Monstro angry and tries to get them back in his stomach again . Pinocchio is able to save his father but at the cost at his own . Back at Geppetto 's home , they are all morning the lost of Pinocchio . Unknown to the mourners the Blue Fairy appears and because Pinocchio has brave , truthful and unselfish , she turns Pinocchio . Pinocchio is one of Disney 's greatest classics and has a mixture of humor , sadness , and song . Pinocchio gets an AAAAA + + + + + . VHS PREVIEWSThe Nightmare Before ChristmasAladdin
 Walt Disney masterpiece at its best !!! This keeps you young at heart !!! Everyone should get a Walt Disney moivie collection from Amazon .
 Pinocchio was a big hit with my 4year old grandson . He refused to watch his nose grow because I think he was worried his might spout some leaves . He has gotten used to seeing it now and it is one of his favorites . The provider reached all my expections of quality and service.Gil
 I love this movie I think its great in fact I do n't own the BD live I own the two disc DVD I love it and its got some great special features and the Picture and the Sound on the movie are superb ! I highly Reccomend this movie , its a great story too , full of action and emotion !
 My granddaughter was simply delighted with this DVD and so was I. It 's wonderful when you see that the same stories that thrilled your children are now having the same effect on your grandchildren !
 Received the product quickly and it arrived in the condition as described . I have purchased from this seller one other time and will purchase from this seller again if the opportunity arises .
 Pinocchio is my absolute favorite of all times . I love the story and the characters.The blu ray quality just brought it back to life ...
 Buying all the classic DISNEY films on BLU RAY ! They look stunning and this is the way they should be preserved !
 I used to watch this growing up and now my kids are watching and enjoying it . The quality is like most new blu-rays and dvd 's . Ill be watching this countless times with my kids . As long as you , the buyer gets a good deal I would get the DVD+B lu-ray combo ; most portable dvd player and the one in your car are n't Blu-Ray yet .
 Found it here at a better price than most every where else . Brand new too . Great addition to our collection before it went into the vault ...
 I was very satisfied and impressed on how fast I received my movie . The first movie I received skipped a little . I contacted the seller and he sent me a new one right away and it 's perfect . 5 stars all the way !
 I recently bought a Blu-ray player and for quite some time had been disappointed with my $ 300 purchase . Every Blu-ray disc I purchased was basically just a high-definition DVD and took little to no advantage of the new Blu-ray technology that was supposed to `` revolutionize the way we watch movies at home '' ... then I picked up Sleeping Beauty and my opinion started to change . But while Sleeping Beauty hinted at the possibilities of what Blu-ray can and will do , Pinocchio has set the standard . Not only does this film look fantastic after -LRB- what had to be a -RRB- spare-no-expense restoration , but the Blu-ray is a completely immersive experience -LRB- packed with fantastic bonus features -RRB- that is just as much of a work of art as the original . This is especially true when you consider the detailed artistry that went into the fantastic `` Disney View '' presentation option , which adds new drawings by Disney artists to the left and right sides of the frame to fill the picture size of today 's HD TVs.And , while I 've never been a fan of Disney adding new `` music videos '' to their classic film releases , if these karaoke cover-versions attract a new generation to discover magical films like this one , then so be it .
 This movie is a classic and should be in everyones DVD collection IMO . Shipping was fast and the product came in excelent condition as promised . This is a great movie for my 3 year old on a rainy day !
 Almost all Disney movies are based on dreams that became a reality in the end . Here in this movie Gepetto -LRB- Wood Carver -RRB- who wished for Pinocchio to become a real boy.You may say this is just a movie but it discusses one very important aspect of life . Its very important for young kids to say the TRUTH or you may end up like Pinocchio.When He kept telling lies his nose grew longer eventhough he 's been warned by Jiminy Cricket -LRB- his conscience -RRB- to tell the truth.It also discusses true friendship and trust . Jiminy Cricket was upset when Pinocchio told him that he 's with his best friend -LRB- other kid -RRB- on Treasure Island , Jiminy thought he is the bestfriend of Pinocchio.Above all , this is one very touching film .
 As a kid , my friends and I never wanted to watch this movie . It was n't until I was in my teens when I decided to give this film another shot . I mean , if the theme song , `` When You Wish Upon A Star , '' is used on Disney 's logo , then a lot of people must like it . I have loved this film from then on . This DVD release is very lacking , because it was one of their first DVD 's released . The picture and sound where restored , but the only special feature is the original trailor . It is out of print and hard to comeby , but it will be part of the `` Platinum Edition '' series , so I 'd wait a couple of years for the 2-disc release .
 I love this movie because it brought back a childhood memory in vivid color . I got mine out of a boxed set released a couple of years ago so I do n't know if ti is as full featured as this one . Watching the original trailer .
 Of course , it 's got a nice theme to it . Kids love the typical Disney songs . Pinnochio , Geppetto , Jiminy Cricket , Good Fairy and others . Even the villains are funny . My three year old and five year old both like it and adults enjoy it too . There are some dark scenes here with drinking and smoking done by some bad influences on Pinnochio . I guess that stuff flew by in 1940 when it was made .
 This is great ! One of my favorites . Excellant music & Jiminy is one of my favorites characters !
 I just bought Pinocchio for my granddaughter . She loves all the Disney movies . I just read a review of a retired professor saying that Eisner wo n't release the Song of the South due to it being NON politically correct . Well , my little Angel sat on my lap and loved the movie . My kids loved it when they were her age . So took NO racial or other implications away from the movie and the word `` Slave '' NEVER occurred in the show ! I firmly believe that any small child would love to see this movie and be able to judge it on what they see and not on what we are afraid of them to see . I ca n't wait to get Pinocchio for my grandchildren to watch ! I hope this lessens the Professors bitterness a bit . And I am a retired Police Sergeant with nearly 30 years on the job in NY !!!
 `` Pinocchio '' is generally considered Disney 's masterpiece . Visually there 's no denying it . It 's nothing if not lavish , in a way that no other animated film has duplicated -LRB- though `` Fantasia '' and `` Bambi '' approach it -RRB- . The underwater scenes inspired the filming of `` The Little Mermaid '' , though it does n't come within light years of its inspiration.I 've been waiting for an opportunity to criticize `` Pinocchio '' , as it epitomizes what was so / wrong / with Disney 's approach to story telling . Disney was n't afraid to show things that frightened - even terrorized -- children , * but he backed away from confronting serious dramatic issues.We see this thoughout `` Pinocchio '' . It starts when Jiminy Cricket starts to explain the difference between good and bad , right and wrong . Instead of a terse , focused explanation , he fumbles and bumbles . -LRB- `` Fumfers '' might be the apt word . -RRB- Why ? Because a `` straight '' explanation would n't be `` entertaining '' . That was one of Disney 's rules -- `` Make it entertaining '' . And entertaining did n't include a serious discussion of moral or social issues.It would n't have been difficult to add weight and meaning to Jiminy 's explanation , without turning him into a film-stopping talking head
 More than 10 years after I last saw it , and it still made me feel like a kind again . The picture in this BD makes Pinocchio look its best ever . Disney seems to have done a wonderful job remastering it frame by frame . My only quibble is the fact that the bd version only includes english sountracks , while the free dvd version included in this set brings along french and spanish -LRB- my first language -RRB- . Even though Disney View is good for plasma TV owners , it is also a bit distracting so I rather watch it with black bars since the movie was originally shot in 4:3 .
 This has got to be at least in the top three of the many animated movies the Disney studios produced . So many great characters are in it - Cleo , Jiminy Crickit , The Good Fairy , Gepetto , Honest John , Monstro and of course Pinocchio himself . So many good hummable songs too including `` An Actor 's Life '' , I 've Got No Strings to Hold Me Down , and the most famous `` When You Wish Upon A Star . '' The story is original and the plot exciting without being too scary for little ones and all ends happily . Do n't miss the ride at Disneyland either !
 Mary Poppins is the greatest Disney film ever made , but if your looking for Uncle Walt 's greatest animated classic , this is the film . Pinnochio is superbly written , animated and designed . It 's an exiting , dark and detailed picture with charming characters and wonderful lessons.It 's a shame that Disney has not decided to make this part of their `` Platnium Edition '' collection . It surely has more merit than The Lion King . It 's a great film !
 The name Disney has always carried the stigma of wholesomeness , which all too often translates into fatuous and insipid `` family entertainment , '' but the Pleasure Island segment of Pinocchio ranks among the supreme moments of horror in all of cinema - the loss of the self is so much more greusome than death . Worth having for that brilliant and ghastly scene alone .
 `` When you wish upon a star , makes no difference who youare , anything you heart desires will come to you . `` You 've heard this song on the Disneyland and Superbowl commercials , but do you remember where it came from?It came from this cartoon , Pinocchio , Walt Disney 's second feature to `` Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs '' in 1940 . I repeat 1940 !! Wow and to this day , Pinocchio still stands out as one of the greatest movies of all time.This opinion is about the 60th anniversay VHS of Pinocchio with THX sound and Remastered visual footage . It even has a bonus at the end about the making of Pinocchio !!! Wow.This was a Christmas gift for my best friend and she loved it , and I can see why.Pinocchio is filled with dazzling animation , music and filled with so much fun and happyness that at the end of the movie , you will feel like wishing upon a star youreself.Pinocchio is about a wooden puppet made by toymaker Geppeto -LRB- Christian Rub -RRB- who wants his own son.Geppeto makes one wish , to have his own son . Geppeto gets his wish when the Blue Fairy brings Pinocchio to life !!! It took nearly 700 animators and technicians to bring Pinocchio to life and the hard work definitely shows !!! People can say whatever they want about Disney current movies , true they lack a certain magic unlike their cherish cartoon like Pinocchio , but Disney is one of a few companies that has a SOLID record of making Cartoon Classics that are loved by everyone.The fairy brings Pinocchio to life and promises to Pinoccho -LRB- voice of Dickie Jones -RRB- that he will remain a real boy if he follows the basic principles that every boy should have.He has to be loyal , truthful and above fair . She assigns Jiminy Cricket -LRB- Cliff Edwards -RRB- to be Pinocchio 's conscience.Well it sounds easy at first , but living up to these values is the real challenge here and Pinocchio tries his best to follow them , but since he has just being turned into a boy he doesnt yet know right from wrong.This is where we meet characters like , J. Worthington Foulfellow , Stromboli and Barker who take advantage of the young boy.Jiminy Cricket and the fairy save Pinocchio from his judgement calls , but yet Pinocchio doesnt learn to tell the truth and when he lies his nose starts to grow like a Christmas tree . : - -RRB- Meanwhile Geppeto is looking for Pinocchio and ends up being captured by a giant whale Monstro !!! Pinocchio saves Geppeto in a brillian animation sequence and Pinocchio by displaying bravery ends up being a real boy permanently.It 's a classic , I can say more but I dont want to spoil it for anyoneIn an age , where moral , brilliant , wholesome cartoons are scarce you look back to the classics and Pinocchio will forever stand out as one of the greatest classics ever made by Walt Disney who has left his print in the world and in children 's hearts.Go out and buy this for youre children
 I saw this movie for the second time last night after a 30-or-so-year gap -- I first saw it when I was a real boy . When you 're a kid you are affected strongly by a movie , and when you 're an adult you see why . `` Pinocchio '' is not only touching and scary but a technical achievement on the order of the development of the A-bomb . Such amazingly detailed draftsmanship , such wit in the character movements ! Like all the great pre-war Disney cartoons it 's impressively -- impossibly -- executed but still looks `` drawn , '' unlike the HAL-generated 3-D roboscopic video games the studio does now . You still get the sense of the magic of moving drawings.Only one bonus feature included though -- the 1940 trailer . Worse , some Pleasure-Island jackass has tried to conceal this by giving it its own page
 The world was still marveling at the astonishing accomplishments the Disney stuido had made with 1937 's `` Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs '' when this second feature film , `` Pinocchio '' -LRB- and the third , `` Fantasia '' -RRB- , came along in 1940 . Quite like most of the other early classics and quite unlike some Disney efforts today , this one never grows old and will continue to endure forever.The enchanting story of a little wooden puppet who wanted to become a real boy is here told with what is still stunning anamation and real , emotion-filled characters that will warm your heart . This will not only provide an enjoyable 88 minutes of entertainment but also some wonderful lessons -- lies grow and grow -LRB- here , literally -RRB- ; bravery and love always will conquer ; do right instead of wrong ; bad things happen to you when you do bad things and make bad choices ; and , most of all , as Jimminy Cricket says , `` Always let your concience be your guide . `` The DVD itself only contains one bonus feature -- the original 1940 theatrical trailer -- and while many people are quite upset about this -LRB- and the fact that the VHS contains a new behind-the-scenes doccumentary whereas neither the rare OOP Limited Issue or current Gold Collection DVD has this -RRB- , I myself think that the truly timeless animated classic that is the disc 's centerpiece is reason enough to want to add this wonderful movie to your collection , regardless of the lack of DVD extras . But act quickly - the majestic Blue Fairy and her coworkers at Disney will work their magic once again on January 31 , 2002 and discontinue any further printings of this timeless movie for approx . another ten years . So now is the time to make sure that you own all the magic and fun of this amazing animated feature for the next ten years -- and forever .
 Forget about The Lion King , Tarzan , Mulan , and all of the above , this is the finest piece of animated movie ever created on earth . Simply , superior , moving , heart-breaking , and emotionally sensational . The best movie ever by Disney , untouchable , and excellent in every way . If you are a critical viewer , Pinocchio is for you .
 `` When you wish upon a star , makes no difference who youare , anything you heart desires will come to you . `` You 've heard this song on the Disneyland and Superbowl commercials , but do you remember where it came from?It came from this cartoon , Pinocchio , Walt Disney 's second feature to `` Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs '' in 1940 . I repeat 1940 !! Wow and to this day , Pinocchio still stands out as one of the greatest movies of all time.This opinion is about the 60th anniversay VHS of Pinocchio with THX sound and Remastered visual footage . It even has a bonus at the end about the making of Pinocchio !!! Wow.This was a Christmas gift for my best friend and she loved it , and I can see why.Pinocchio is filled with dazzling animation , music and filled with so much fun and happyness that at the end of the movie , you will feel like wishing upon a star youreself.Pinocchio is about a wooden puppet made by toymaker Geppeto -LRB- Christian Rub -RRB- who wants his own son.Geppeto makes one wish , to have his own son . Geppeto gets his wish when the Blue Fairy brings Pinocchio to life !!! It took nearly 700 animators and technicians to bring Pinocchio to life and the hard work definitely shows !!! People can say whatever they want about Disney current movies , true they lack a certain magic unlike their cherish cartoon like Pinocchio , but Disney is one of a few companies that has a SOLID record of making Cartoon Classics that are loved by everyone.The fairy brings Pinocchio to life and promises to Pinoccho -LRB- voice of Dickie Jones -RRB- that he will remain a real boy if he follows the basic principles that every boy should have.He has to be loyal , truthful and above fair . She assigns Jiminy Cricket -LRB- Cliff Edwards -RRB- to be Pinocchio 's conscience.Well it sounds easy at first , but living up to these values is the real challenge here and Pinocchio tries his best to follow them , but since he has just being turned into a boy he doesnt yet know right from wrong.This is where we meet characters like , J. Worthington Foulfellow , Stromboli and Barker who take advantage of the young boy.Jiminy Cricket and the fairy save Pinocchio from his judgement calls , but yet Pinocchio doesnt learn to tell the truth and when he lies his nose starts to grow like a Christmas tree . : - -RRB- Meanwhile Geppeto is looking for Pinocchio and ends up being captured by a giant whale Monstro !!! Pinocchio saves Geppeto in a brillian animation sequence and Pinocchio by displaying bravery ends up being a real boy permanently.It 's a classic , I can say more but I dont want to spoil it for anyoneIn an age , where moral , brilliant , wholesome cartoons are scarce you look back to the classics and Pinocchio will forever stand out as one of the greatest classics ever made by Walt Disney who has left his print in the world and in children 's hearts.Go out and buy this for youre children
 In PINOCCHIO , Walt Disney 's first feature-length cartoon since his historicSNOW WHITE AND THE SEVEN DWARFS -LRB- 1937 -RRB- , the artwork amazes , one of its wonderful songs , `` When You Wish Upon a Star , '' won an Oscar , and the story of a marionette come to life who must resist temptations -LRB- with the help of a cricket conscience -RRB- if he 's to become a real boy , positively charms . Artistic highlights are the brief wagon on a rainy night scene and the longer `` Gepetto in the whale '' sequence.Pinocchio is voiced by Dckie Jones , a skilled horseman from age 4 who later appeared in many western films and TV shows . Cliff Edwards , the voice of Jiminy Cricket here , was a popular 1920s recording artist known as ` Ukulele Ike . ' Edwards is credited with inventing a style of jazz singing called ` scat . ' Cliff referred to it as ` effing . ` The original Popeye , gravel-voiced William Costello , is probably heard as a statue , although IMDb assumes it 's his FLEISCHER replacement , Jack Mercer . In his only Disney picture -LRB- not counting `` Roger Rabbit '' -RRB- , Mel Blanc 's sole contribution is a hiccup -LRB- all his dialogue was cut -RRB- . Parenthetical number preceding title is a 1 to 10 IMDb viewer poll rating . -LRB- 7.7 -RRB- Pinocchio -LRB- 1940 -RRB- - uncredited voices of
 wonderful , for children to watch , My grandchildren , received it instead of candy as Easter gift . Hope they will like it .
 This has always been a great kids movie but on blueray the picture is so vivid that it just jumps out at you .
 There is no doubt , in my opinion , Pinocchio is still the best of all of the Disney films . It is ageless . From 3 to 93 , people still love this fable with a moral story . Thanks Disney for releasing it . My grandkids 6 , 5 and almost 3 loved it as did their parents and me too .
 Pinocchio , is a classic film . The film is a great tale of right and wrong.I have read some of the negative reviews . I think they are off target in their critiques of both this DVD edition and of the film itself.This DVD edition has some great extra features . The video and audio are excellent . It is a must buy for any fan , old and new , of any age . `` Let your conscience be your guide . ''
 I think this is one of the best animated films ever made . Considering when it was made it may be one of films greatest achievements . Not even Snow White has the detail , texture and range that this one does . Maybe none of them do . To me this is the one that Disney himself had his fingerprints all over in every way . It comes right after Snow White which changed the game and gave the confidence to go further . And it comes before thing like the war , television projects and the theme park got more and more of his time .
 This movie was sent to me perfectly . We enjoyed the movie and give amazon 5 stars , the original price was 19.99 and when the movie was sent it turned out to be cheaper . Great product .
 Disney has done a masterful job with this animation masterpiece . The video and audio presentation are flawless and the film itself is a timeless , beautifully crafted piece of art . A must have for any video library .
 its a good movie about the pinocchio tale . not my fav disney movie , but its good , good cast , well written , etc. .
 `` Pinocchio '' was Walt Disney 's second animated feature , and it is his greatest triumph . It has memorable characters , timeless animation , and great songs , including the Oscar-winning `` When You Wish Upon A Star . '' Cliff Edwards -LCB- the voice of Jiminy Cricket -RCB- sings that song in the opening credits with such brilliance that it makes you feel alive . Dickie Jones was a magnificent fit for the voice of Pinocchio . He was 12 years old when he did the voice , but , to me , he sounded younger than that . Walt Disney should be proud of himself for making this timeless masterpiece , and he made lots of them , including `` Dumbo '' and `` Bambi . '' They do n't make these kinds of movies anymore , which is both a tragedy and a travesty .
 What a film ! Fabulous animation , good music , an insightful plot that will entertain , as well as educate the children that watch it , make this the best animated feature of all time . Perhaps a little intense for small children , but little else negative can be said about it . Before you send the kids off to watch the brainless garbage Disney loves to turn out today , give them this classic that shows the immortal Walt Disney in his prime . You 'll love it so much , you might just start babbling on and on about it like me ...
 Made back when Disney made truely great animated films . I love the old Disney stuff and Pinocchio is one of the best . Disney was and is the king of this film genre , especially back when this one was made . NO animation done today rivals the Disney cartoons of the era this film was made . Warner Brothers , Dreamworks , Pixar and any of the other animation studios of today will never touch the quality and imagination of early Disney films . I do n't like computer animation , so maybe I 'm biased in that respect . This film is pure art .
 Wow . It 's great to be able to own a Disney movie , a masterpiece at that , on DVD . It comes with the works , astounding picture quality , dolby digital , and THX . The movie is in its original theatrical aspect -LRB- 1.33:1 according to the packaging -RRB- which is in fact , regular TV aspect ratio.The DVD comes with the original 1940 trailer which is fun to watch . This is a plus since most Disney DVDs come with little or no extras . I hope Disney will start putting a little more effort and put in cast & production information with their DVDs .
 I am so excited that this title is finally being released first time Platinum Edition . This movie is one of Disney 's very best . The animation is so beautiful and detailed . The character development is wonderful and the soundtrack is fantastic . It is amazing to think that at the time it was released in the theaters it was a financial failure . Walt wanted to make sure that the quality of the animation and the movie did not suffer , even if it meant losing money on it , which it did . BUT , through the years the obvious magic of this movie captured so many hearts , that eventually it came on top and made movie making history . So here is to all of us that dare to dream and wish upon a star . Pinoke ... . you will forever be in my heart !
 For years , the only available edition of Disney 's classic `` Pinocchio '' has been a bare-bones movie-only version with no extras at all . Practically every other animated film in the Disney vault has been released in special 2-disc editions . Now , this has been fixed with this Platinum Edition on Blu-ray/DVD . Released in 1940 , `` Pinocchio '' was the 2nd animated feature , following the release of `` Snow White . '' It also introduced the Oscar winning song , `` When You Wish Upon a Star , '' which is one of the most memorable Disney songs ever.For those unfamiliar with the story , it involves a wooden puppet , Pinocchio , created by lonely Gepetto the woodcarver . The Blue Fairy grants his wish of making the puppet alive , however , he can only become a real boy if he proves himself `` brave , truthful , and unselfish . '' Assigned the character Jiminy Cricket as his conscience , Pinocchio begins his adventures to become a real boy . Without giving away too much of the plot , one of my favorite sequences is the one involving Pleasure Island . It would not be too difficult today to draw parallels to what happens to people when they get attracted to dangerous short-term pleasures that mask a life of imprisonment . Although the movie dips into some dark territory , obviously Disney brings it back to happier ground , showing the power of true love -LRB- albeit not a romantic one this time -RRB- . Cliff Edwards brings Jiminy Crickett to life with his expressive vocal talents , and few can equal his singing of the classic `` Wish Upon A Star '' song in his trademark falsetto . Little known trivia
 I haved loved this movie since I was a child . So it should be a movie that my grand daughter will be able to grow up with and enjoy as much as I di and still do .
 I had been waiting patiently for this to come out on DVD and it 's one of my favorite Disney movies . The movie itself teaches valuable lessons about honesty , loyalty and courage . As for one reviewer who complained about the extras , I loved the extras ! The commentary was very informative and I liked the special featuring Dickie Jones , the voice of Pinocchio -LRB- all grown up now , of course , but still has a boyish face despite the thinning hair -RRB- and Real Life Geppettos . I did n't notice too much over-enhancing but I respect that one reviewer 's opinion.Since this was Disney 's 2nd film , there was more attention to animation and the songs -LRB- `` When You Wish Upon A Star , '' which won Best Song in 1940 and the movie also won Best Musical Score -RRB- than getting big-ticket celebrities to loan their voices . As a matter of fact , the only names I remembered without looking up was Cliff Edwards , who plays the lovable -LRB- and sometimes feisty -RRB- Jiminy Cricket and Mel Blanc whose only contribution is a `` hiccup '' by Gideon , Foulfellow 's sidekick . Jones plays the cute and lovable Pinocchio and German actor Christian Rub plays the doting Geppetto . I also learned Thurl Ravenscroft provided the sounds of Monstro the killer whale.Now about the movie - some of the scenes may get a little creepy for children but they serve to warn them about the consequences for being dishonest or naughty . Geppetto , a talented toymaker , makes Pinocchio and wishes upon a star that his puppet become a real boy . Thanks to the beautiful Blue Fairy -LRB- Evelyn Venable -RRB- , his wish is granted - on the condition his new `` son '' learns to be `` brave , truthful and unselfish . '' Jiminy Cricket , who 's witnessed the miracle , is appointed as conscience -LRB- and he asks for a gold badge , which the Blue Fairy does n't promise ! -RRB- . When Geppetto discovers his wish came true , he 's delighted . He gets Pinocchio ready for school , yet his son is conned by Foulfellow `` Honest John '' and Gideon . First , they sell him to the volatile and greedy Stromboli -LRB- Charles Judels , who later in the movie plays the evil Coachman -RRB- who pushes the little puppet `` into the public eye '' -LRB- so he can make money , of course ! -RRB- . Jiminy almost gives up as conscience figuring `` What does an actor need with a conscience ? '' Later , the 2 con men get Pinocchio ready for a trip to Pleasure Island , which collects naughty boys and here , Pinocchio meets Lampwick -LRB- Frankie Darro -RRB- . I 'll stop here so as not to ruin too many surprises.All in all , a great story and a great movie . One reason I was glad the extras were included on the DVD is because I got it before I got my own Blu-Ray .
 I received this my movies quicker then the ETA given . I was very pleased with the condition of the movies .
 Since this was a gift , it is hard to review the contents , but it came in good condition with a speedy delivery .
 The quality of this DVD is more than outstanding . I already had this movie on Video and was astounded by the clarity of the movie . I actually put in the video and compared the two . The difference is amazing . The fact that this movie is not in Widescreen is great . Its hard to find movies that are n't in Widescreen , and its wonderful to have a movie that actually fills the whole screen . Why people want a movie that only fills half the screen is something that will always amaze me.The sound on this DVD is in 5.1 , which was a big surprise . I recommend this outstanding DVD to all enthusiasts . The extra features may not be much , but really it is the movie that we are interested in , is n't it ?
 WTF mate ! Pinocchio is one of the best Disney accomplishments so i would presume the Blu ray would bring it justice ... however we civilians are denied the right to view this masterpiece in it 's 1080p full-screen or wide-screen glory we are forced to view Pinocchio with black side bars because some genius wants everyone to view the movie the `` Right '' way -LRB- a 1.33:1 ratio -RRB- rather than the natural 16x9 ratio of our TV -RRB- ... apparently no one told the Disney staff there was plenty of room on the disk to have the full-screen , wide-screen , and this blu ray studio first `` Disney view '' I recommend the movie based on its value as a masterpiece but this new found idea called `` Disney View '' is quite upsetting and will probably ruin the lovely Snow white ! soon to be released btw
 The Two-Disc 70th Anniversary Platinum Edition was a great hit for my 11 year old grandaughter . She has watched it several times in the last week . It 's a great buy and gift . Masterfully reproduced on disc .
 I purchased this for myself . I have seen the tale of Pinocchio many times and always enjoyed it . The colors are so vibrant and sharp a far cry from years ago . I know the grandkids will be loving it too .
 It 's a great improvement over the DVD version . Highly recommend it . Looks great and the sound is in 7.1 , ca n't beat it .
 This new DVD set is wonderful . The second disc contains all kinds of additional fun things . I 'm especially grateful for Amazon 's low price guarantee which saved me an additional $ 1.00 .
 I have never seen Pinocchio before , and I have a 2 year old son . So I bought the movie and popped it in before his bed time , and he sat like an angel and watched the whole movie ! I enjoyed it also . It was very touching , especially since I have a son ! . PLEASE see this movie by yourself or with the children .
 The two disc set arrived on time and as advertised by the company . My grandchildren enjoy the movie very much .
 This is one of my favorite Disney movies , and , even though I had an older copy of this movie on an earlier DVD release , I knew I had to have this one on 2-Disc DVD with all the extras . This movie is a must-have for your Disney Movie Collection .
 How can you not love the classic version of Disney 's Pinocchio . The platinum edition has a bunch of extras and enhanced quality . It felt like I was 8years old again , and watching it in the movie theater . A must buy for any Disney animation fan .
 I was shocked when some of the other reviews said it tampered with the picture and distorted the colors ... . It does nothing in the least ! It is absolutely beautiful !! The sound is amazing ! The picture is detailed and i find it fantastic that they have the technology to take a film the use to be in some senses blurred or distorted and turned it into a Blu-Ray picture unlike any other!The Extras on here are awesome as well including an Alternative Ending that Walt Disney himself proposed ! Definitely a buy if you have children ... OR ... if you plan on having children within the next 10 years I would buy it anyway because it is going back in the Disney Vault in a few weeks and wo n't return for years after !!
 The move was excellent and great I like how they to puzzles on the other DVD I like that it had the puzzles on the DVD
 I first saw this movie when I was a child many , many moons ago and fell in love with it . A true classic that has held up over time . You and your kids will love it , too . If you are a Disney fan -LRB- or even if you 're not -RRB- you HAVE to get this movie .
 This is the film with the classic song `` When you wish upon a star '' . After watching this my 3 year old is now constantly looking out for the wishing star !
 The item was received within days . The corners were a little bent , but it was like described .
 Great Picture and Sound , the extras are great too . A piece of history in the movie industry .
 I was in a hurry to get my order , and it came well ahead of schedule . The movie was sealed and just as it was advertised . I could n't ask for anything better .
 I had bought two DVD on Pinocchio . One for me and the other for my great niece whose birthday is coming up.I enjoy watching the movie . I hope my great niece will too .
 Very fast shipping and the product was exactly as described ! Very happy with this purchase .
 This is a top notch piece of software for anyone 's BD catalog . This movie is quite beautiful and it is a piece of cinematic history being the 2nd Disney film behind Snow White.Picture : Being that the animation standards for the 30s are very different from today 's the animation in this film is superlative . The color palates are great and it really jumps off the screen in 1080p . Just as I was amazed with Sleeping Beauty on BD this is another great movie that they restored beautifully . I always remember this being longer but it was really good to see it again.For the people that complain about the aspect ratio 4:3 , Disney went so far as to get a great artist -LRB- ca n't remember his name off the top of my head -RRB- to fill in the black bars on the sides of the picture with art related to the current scene so it looks very showcase like and does n't take away from the show at all.Sound : There are few companies out there that are using the best codec 's for sound with their BD releases . Lionsgate and Disney are the two that really stand out to me .7.1 DTS-HD MA is beautiful and if you have a decoder -LRB- receiver -RRB- and the speakers to do it I would recommend nothing less than listening to it this way . You can hear everything and it just makes this movie that much better.For the purists the original score and soundtrack are still on the disk and you can watch it that way too.Special Features : There are a ton of features here about how it was made , the restoration , alternate endings -LRB- sketch art -RRB- and a lot of others . If you really want to sit down and learn about how this classic was made they will explain it to you . It even talks about Disney 's editing process and how he analyzed every single aspect of this movie to put out his best product . It probably drove everyone crazy that worked on this but when you are n't the boss what can you really do.Overall : This is a great value here on Amazon because you should pay the -LSB- ... -RSB- bucks at least for this . I am glad I ordered this and I will continue to support Disney if they keep remaking the classics like this one . I ca n't wait for Snow White on BD . That is going to be sweet ! - fin
 This DVD was as enjoyable as it was when I saw it as a small child . My grandson wanted to see it again and again and asked lots of questions . We had some good conversations following the viewing -LRB- at least 8 times in 2 weeks -RRB- .
 Pinocchio is feast for the eyes and the ears . The animation is the most perfect one that I 've seen in any animated movie . The characters are animated in a wonderful way and the backgrounds are just stunning . The story is great and unlike many would think , Pinocchio is a dark movie , a thing that I found even better because is not a `` kid movie '' , is also for adults and that makes it more interesting.Is amazing to think that this one was Disney 's second film . The progress made between Snow White and Pinocchio is very apparent and it shows in the whole movie . The animator 's work is masterful and in every area of production the movie excels . Not many films have stood the test of time but Pinocchio has done it wonderfully and is safe to call it a true classic.Pinocchio was the last Platinum Edition and the second to come to BD and the results are truly breathtaking!Video & AudioPinocchio has been given a lavish restoration and the results are simply amazing . Detail is perfectly delineated , color reproduction is spot on and the overall image is clean , without any annoying artifacting . A truly marvelous job done by Disney.Audio is not as effective but that is mainly because of the soundtrack 's age more than for Disney 's excellet efforts . The 7.1 DTS-HD MA is not very envolving but is clean , clear and gets the job done . There is no fake gimmicky to be found . A restored monaural soundtrack is also offered.Bonus MaterialThis is a 2-BD set that comes jam-packed with bonus material that makes your appreciation and love for this movie even bigger.In disc 1 you have a Cinema-explore option where some animators and critic Leonard Maltin gives their appreciation of the film via a PIP commentary . You can also just hear them as an audio-commentary by disabling the PIP option although I recommend the homer which is more fun and engaging.You also have a sing-along option where you can select the songs from the movie and sing with them.In Disc 2 you have the excellent making-of documentary
 My dearest friend Steven Spielberg , tonight , history was made as Garry Hixon Jr. presented Pinocchio in Mirror Vision for the first time in history . It was the most amazing thing I have ever seen in my life . It was a life changing experience , Ill never be the same . This is your time capsule Steven , he had been wishing this since he was 10 years old . Steven , right now , tonight , your young again , your just breezing through time , choose the things youll be proud of , the things that last . When Steven Spielberg wishes upon a mirror vision star , if you believe , then I believe , when you wish upon a mirror vision star , makes no difference who you are , any mirror vision that you dream , will come to drew , if you heart is in your mirror vision , no request is too extreme , anything you heart desires , will come to drew , like a bolt out of the blue , mirror vision steps in and sees you thru , timeline-Monday , Sept. 6th , 2004 , presented at 8:30 to 10:30 p.m. , Garry and Steven were here , and watched Pinocchio in mirror vision for the first time in history , history was made , and little stevens wish came true , goodnight steven my friend , love garry hixon and hello to drew barrymore
 If you collect disney movies it is a must before they put it back in the `` vault '' story line a little too mature for my three year old , she loves Jinmy the cricket and the fairy , but she may enjoy it more later on
 What can I say , Pinocchio is a classic . I had it on VHS for my kids , now it is time to get the Blu-Ray for my grandkids .
 I saw this movie when I was about six or seven years old and seeing it now as the restored version it is much like I remembered . The difference is , now that I am older , I see the moral of the story and the object lessons it teaches . Too bad a lot of the `` kids '' movies out today do not do the same . This is pure Disney and will remain a classic for as long as there are kids with imaginations .
 Delighted with my purchase . Really love it . Takes me back to my childhood .
 I hav n't enjoyed a kids movie this much since I was a little girl . I could watch it over and over . I love this movie and it actually has something to say to our children . The special features were excellent too . This is a wonderful movie for all ages . I am in my 50 's and I am enjoying it more today than when I was little .
 When I - and I assume , most people - think of Pinocchio , we think of his nose growing longer when he tells a lie . Yet , that is only one scene in this movie - the first one ever done on this famous fictional character , I believe.This is strictly a fantasy-adventure story , not a parable or a full story about lying , although that obviously is one of the messages . There are several moral messages in here , so it 's a worthwhile story for kids to see.Sometimes I think these totally-innocent first few Disney efforts -LRB- Bambi , Fantasia -RRB- are still better than most the stuff they have put out since . It 's nice to see this on a fantastic Blu-Ray disc . It 's amazing what Disney is doing on Blu-Ray with spectacular detail and bold color restoration . First , `` Sleeping Beauty '' and now this.Those colorful scenes are another attraction . particularly in the beginning in the old man 's house with all the fancy clocks and toys . That part is better than much of the adventure story , as it turns out . The story lags a bit in the middle and then picks up with a rousing finish with a big whale.Overall , I enjoyed `` Jiminy Cricket '' the best and also appreciated that they did n't overdo the songs in here
 I bought this for my friend to give to her grandaughter for Easter . She is excited to put this in her Easter basket .
 This movie is a classic and one that I enjoyed as a child growing up . The xtras on this set make it even more endearing for young and old alike .
 `` Pinocchio '' the two-disc 70th anniversary Platinum Edition comes with lots of bonus features that make the purchase of this new DVD release -LSB- especially for the price offered here on Amazon -RSB- value for one 's money.The classic and timeless tale of a puppet , Pinocchio who learns the value of honesty , hard work and courage in his journey towards becoming a real-life boy has been in our collective consciousness for decades , as are the unforgettable strains of `` When You Wish Upon a Star '' . In this latest digital restoration , the colors are vivid and brilliantly restored , bringing the classic tale to vibrant life on screen to be appreciated by old and new fans alike . All I had before this was the old VHS tape , and my 4-year-old was used to the grainy quality of the animation , but now we can both delight in this wonderful film in all its animated glory.The actual feature runs about 88 minutes , and there are many other additional bonus features . There 's : An all-new `` When you wish upon a Star '' music video performed by Meaghan Jette MartinPinocchio 's Puzzles Game - 18 puzzles in a multi-tiered gamePinocchio 's Matter of Facts - TriviaNever before seen deleted scenes and alternate endingAll new `` Making of Pinocchio `` The Sweatbox - Walt Disney 's Artistic review ProcessPinocchio deleted song
 I purchased this movie from Amazon.com for several reasons . This was an easy way to shop , I hate shopping in stores . This was a great price , shipped very quickly , was new , sealed and my granddaughters loved it . I just keep checking amazon for all products before going out of my home . Thanks !!!!
 Although this film is a classic and one of my favorites , I particularly loved the bonus material included in this package . The `` deleted scenes '' the `` alternate ending '' and other material make this a well-worth purchase for any film buff or persons interested in Disney and animation . It 's one of the best from that golden age of classics and still holds up against the newer computer generated disappointments out there these days .
 It has been over 20 years since I saw this movie in a theater and I was anxious to see how the visuals and storyline on DVD compared to my memories of it back then . It did not disappoint.The rich colors and clarity of the movie are impressive . By having the opportunity to watch the movie on a DVD media , I was able to better appreciate the detail and effort contributed by the artists in the creation of the movie.The added feature `` Making of Pinocchio '' gives a look at some of the people who helped contribute to the artwork , character voices , and musical scores.Despite the computer driven technical advancements made in animation features , Pinocchio still retains its high position of excellence .
 The detail that went into restoring this movie is excellent . It is very crisp , clear and clean . I have read other reviews about how some of the colors looking more digital than original version shown in theaters , but this is a digital movie . And unless you 're a purest , you 'll never know or care . It 's a great revision of a classic movie .
 This is one of the most celebrated Disney 's masterpieces . One who collects Disney classics should have this movie .
 This is an absolute gem of a movie . I loved it as a kid and I love having it to show to my kids now as a parent.It 's a timeless story with timeless values . Jiminy Cricket 's `` When you Wish Upon a Star '' is still a great song.Make sure you keep the legacy of this movie alive by showing it to your children or grandchildren . They 'll love it too . And that 's no lie !
 It 's amazing that this animated movie created in 1940 without computers is still one of the best looking movies made . The hand drawn quality adds a beauty that computer animation just ca n't capture because it 's too perfect . The element of the hand , chance , that personal touch is what helps create the magic of these early Disney movies . Plus it helps to have a great story like Pinocchio . Whatever version you have , the movie 's the main thing and is highly recommended .
 It may have been the first film I ever saw in a theater ... Mom took me to see it when I was quite young , and I was totally engrossed and in love with Pinocchio by the end of the film . This video is a wonderful reminder of that viewing nearly 60 years ago . It is a beautiful rendering of the original film , whether it is true in all ways -LRB- color variance or whatever -RRB- to the orginal or not . I love it .
 I would highly recommend this to anyone with a Blu-ray Player . The blu-ray players are cheap now and Disney does it right . You get a Blu-ray version which looks amazing , even on this old movie , thx to restoration efforts from Disney . They include a regular DVD copy -LRB- which ALL blu-ray should !!!! -RRB- and a digital download copy for your ipod or w/e . It 's a great value , 3 versions in one . Just do n't forget they all have expiration dates on digital downloads so use it when you buy the movie , lol .
 Always a classic . You can never go wrong with these kind of movies . Disney is the best .
 It has been so long since I last saw this movie . I distinctly could remeber Pinocchio 's family , the puppet master , pleasure island & the boys turning into donkeys then the whale . But I forgot all the happenings that occured on pleasure island , the smoking & drinking made me laugh when I watched this movie again.Definitely a keepsake & just upset it took them so long to release it on DVD .
 Very well done . Packageing and shipment was beyond expectation . Watch it with my grandkids and they really enjoyed it as myself and my wife .
 1940 could possibly be the best year for animation , for it saw the release of two of the greatest animated films ever made
 Love Pinocchio . I bought this to replace the VHS I own . My grandchildren watch it now and I love to see it again with them
 This is a good movie . The same as it has been but digitally remastered . Very good movie . Would recommend it to anyone and everyone .
 I used to have this movie on vhs when I was a little kid . I bought it the first day it came out on blu-ray . :-RRB- Such a great movie .
 Movie arrived in slip cover and plastic wrapped , quick service , great quality , could check on delivery information . It is for a little older child that my three year old granddaughter .
 `` Pinocchio '' is now out on Blu-ray and it looks gorgeous . This Disney classic has some of the prettiest animation I 've ever seen , plus top notch songs and characters . The story is a little slow , but it picks up speed as it goes . The animation is the best part , because the use of color is wonderful , and there are many creative toys and clocks . The story is a nice change for Disney , in that there is no young woman waiting for her Prince to come . The Blu-ray release has commentary from historians . Most of the extras are on a separate `` Bonus Material '' Blu-ray disc , which is available to rent . Reviewed 3/19/2009 after watching on Blu-ray .
 The family sat around the TV , popped popcorn , everyone snuggled up to one another , wish upon that star and enjoyed a childhood classic .
 `` Does n't matter who you are , if you wish upon a star your dreams come true . `` I saw this movie when I was very small and still to this day LOVE Jiminy Cricket . The Blue Fairy has always stuck in my memory , I just love her . This is such a classic , a must see for everyone . I am personally outraged by the fact that so many parents are up in arms because their children `` SHOULD NOT be exposed to this kind of imagery . '' What a bunch of crap . I saw it and I 'm 15 now , I turned out fine . Anyway , once people get over themselves and their prudish , overprotective ways of thinking they will see how wonderful this movie really is . But enough of my ranting , Pinocchio is a masterpiece .
 A milestone in animated films , but it 's also a timeless movie that appeals to kids as well as adults . It 's remarkable how all Disney films have been such a big part of so many kids ' childhood , and ` Pinocchio ' is usually among the ones that leave a profound impact , name another film that could make you more afraid of lying . The animation is still astonishing , the degree of detail is breathtaking , even more impressive by the fact that it was all done by hand and this was one of the earliest animated films . The story has a timelessness to it and an effortless charm that 's hard to beat , the movie basically puts you under Disney 's spell for 80 rewarding minutes . Out of all the Disney films , ` Pinocchio ' and ` Snow White ' are the only ones that can be considered classics , not just because they have aged so well or because they have played such a big role in all our childhood , but because there 's a certain air of experimentalism to them , animated films were just a new thing and they could take you places you could n't even imagine . This particularly was a labor or love by everyone involved , you can sense that it was made with dedication and care . Filled with many memorable and enchanting moments , who can forget ` When You Wish Upon A Star ' ? or even the characters ; Gepetto , Cleo , Figaro , Monstro the Whale and especially Jiminy Cricket have been deeply rooted into the American culture . An enchanting film that never gets old . From a scale of 1-10 I give this film a 10 !
 It is what it is . Pinocchio is one of Walt Disney 's true classics and inspired by the great man himself . It is a timeless tale and far surpasses some of the tripe coming out of the studios today , come on , Wreck It Ralph ? The Blue Ray version of Pinocchio is fantastic and inspiring .
 I liked the movie and i recommend to see this movie . Good movie to have in your collection of Disney movies
 Excellent service and fast deliveries ***** Best place to do on line purchase anything you possible can imagine get it form here , no questions ask ...
 Bought this for my grandson , I started a collection of Disney Classic films for him , He and his parents LOVE them and thank me all the time each and every time one arrives
 Bought this for my mother . Fast shipping , the DVD was not in the original shrink wrap but the DVD was sealed . No problems with the DVD itself it played well .
 Purchased as a gift for a family member rebuilding his Disney library after it went missing in a household move . Received it on time and in great condition . This is a GREAT way to build a library .
 This movie is a true classic if you would like to purchase a movie that you know the kids will enjoy by all means purchase this one . This movie has a great storyline to it and it is all about this puppet who really more than anything wants to be a real boy so the story starts by the puppett maker Gepetto wants to have a boy of his own so then the blue fairy comes down and brings the puppett Pinocchio to life and then Pinocchio then has someone who is like his conscience to him his name is Jiminy Cricket and the blue fairy makes him his conscience to guide him on the straight and narrow and to help teach him about being a real boy but then Pinocchio has to learn the hard way about right and wrong and Pinocchio and Jiminy cricket have some interesting advntures with the whale Monstro and then Pinocchio and Gepetto his father are swallowed by the whale and then are able to get out and then they get back home safe and sound and then at the end Pinocchio is turned into a real boy after saving his father Gepetto and the rest of the story is great and they of course they all live happily ever after . So I highly recommend this DVD for adults and kids this is a really great one and also this story teaches about lying and telling the truth and what happens to Pinocchio 's nose when he tells a lie . Enjoy this DVD when you get it , This is indeed a true classic .
 Pinicchio is a movie I grew up watching , and is still fun to view with my kids today .
 The whole package is just wonderful . Clear and bright . Much of the commentary is so insightful . But the restoration and the overall look and feel of this dvd is just beyond what I had expected . And it is such a good movie . Of all the Disney movies , I am of the mind that this is , arguably , the most finely detailed animated feature . I have not taken advantage of all the extras but am looking forward to doing so . And Disney 's addition of a regular non-bluray disc -LRB- and Amazon 's discount -RRB- makes the few dollars extra more than worth the price . This is a keeper .
 So happy they brought Pinocchio to blu-ray , beautifully presented in High Definition ! If you 're like me , and need to buy all the Disney blu-ray movies , this one will not disappoint .
 Released in 1940 , PINOCCHIO was the second full-length animated film to be released by Walt Disney Studios . Nearly a decade ago PINOCCHIO was also the first feature that Disney released on DVD . The movie is now be re-released again in this re-mastered Platinum Edition.The plot of the film is rather familiar . An older toy-maker named Gepetto makes a marionette that he names Pinocchio and upon the wishing star wishes that Pinocchio would come to life and be a real boy . The Blue Fairy hears Gepetto 's wish and brings Pinocchio to life . However , he is told he ca n't be a real boy unless he proves himself to be good . The Blue Fairy makes a cricket named Jiminy Pinocchio 's conscience to aid him in his journey to becoming good and a real boy . Pinocchio soon gets into one mess after another and eventually finds Gepetto again in the belly of the giant whale Monstro . The adventure there illustrates to both the boy and his father what each is made of.Next to THE FOX AND THE HOUND , PINOCCHIO was my favorite Disney picture . Years later , it still remains a favorite . The film has some very dark and frightening images , e.g. the Coachmen revealing to Honest John and Gideon how the children who go to Pleasure Island never come back , Lampwick turning into a donkey , the chase from Monstro , etc. . I remember being afraid of these images as a child and until I got to college always assumed the earlier Disney pictures were truer to their source material than their modern counterparts . After first reading the original story , I discovered this really was n't the case . Still , though the film is n't as dark as the original story , it retains much of the spirit and imagination of the original story.Besides that , the movie is a magnificent piece of filmmaking . Even by today 's standards the animation is impressive . Considering the film was made in the late 1930s and was released until 1940 , the film is even more impressive . For example , the water effects in the movie were the standard that all great animated picture attempted to emulate and was n't surpassed until Pixar 's 2007 RATATOUILLE . And despite all the advances in animation , PINOCCHIO still remains as part of the canon that serious animation students study.The movie also has some great characters . There 's of course Pinocchio , his loving father Gepetto , The Blue Fairy , Jiminy Cricket , Figaro the cat , and Cleo theGoldfish , Stromboli , Honest John and his sidekick Gideon . Each of these characters is unique and though they appear somewhat cartoonish , they each have an individual personality that people can recognize and relate to . They capture the imagination and allow for suspension of disbelief , inviting viewers into their vivid , yet harrowing world.Besides the story , animation , and characters , PINOCCHIO is also notable because of the music . PINOCCHIO was the first animated film to win an Oscar in a competitive category ; PINOCCHIO picked up statues for both Best Original Score and Best Song . It was a feat that no Disney picture would repeat until the arrival of MARY POPPINS in 1964 . Besides the awards , `` When You Wish Upon a Star '' became the anthem of the Disney empire . Dreams really can come true.Besides the beautifully re-mastered film , the Platinum Edition of PINOCCHIO includes a nice set of extras . The film is found on disc one along with an audio commentary , Pinocchio 's Matter of Facts , Pinocchio Knows Trivia Challenge , a Disney Song Selection , and a music video of `` When You Wish Upon a Star '' sung by one of the Disney Channel 's latest teen sensations , Meghan Jette Martin.Disc two has the majority of the special features including two games , the `` No Strings Attached
 I forgot the last time I have seen Disney 's PINOCCHIO . I think the last time I saw the classic animated film was when I was still a child . I recently had the opportunity to view Disney 's platinum edition of PINOCCHIO . Because it has been such a long time since I last saw the film , I ca n't really compare the animation with the original version . That said , the story of the puppet coming to life and wanting to become a real boy is timeless . With the assistance of Jiminy Cricket , his conscience so to speak , Pinocchio learns the hard way right from wrong . I 'll be perfectly honest , PINOCCHIO was never one of my favorite Disney films . It never struck a chord with me like BAMBI or SNOW WHITE did but at the same time I do n't think it is a bad film . This just is n't my favorite Disney film . I personally thought Disney did a great job at digital restoration . The second disc consists of behind the scenes footage and deleted footage . I thought the alternative ending was quite fascinating . The younger audiences will definitely appreciate the games and activities more than adults . Overall the two disc 70th anniversary of this Disney classic is certainly one to own for families with young children .
 The first time my Carmen saw this movie she was mesmerized , just like I remember seeing it for the first time . She loves Jimminie Cricket . This was one of my own mother 's favorite movie , and she is named after my mom , and to see her little face light up , that was a real treasure and treat .
 Pinnochio is one of the best animated Disney film . It is thrilling frightening Dark and light hearted . It is beautiful and funny . You probably already know the story . Gepetto makes a puppet that comes alive . He is inquisitive and cute . But he wants to be a real boy . it has great songs not to mention Disney 's most popular song the Disney theme Song , when you wish upon a star . Get this . One of the best films of all time Disney animated or not . A timeless clasic that can withstand the test of time !
 This is the second full length animated feature that Disney released . Right after Snow White . Disney enhanced the film-making technology based on what he learned from in making the first film.This movie , as you know , is great for anyone of any age . What makes this tale special is the magical characters that come to life in color and style.The music is triumphant and the Acadamy Award winning song `` When You WIsh Upon A Star '' will be sticking with you for a long long time . From the Blue Fairy to Jiminy Cricket - everything has a purpose and there is a great moral lession to be lerned.The DVD is great and the qulaity of the transfer supurb .
 The release of Disney 's second full length animated film , `` Pinocchio '' , in 1940 , catipulted both the career of Walt Disney , the man , and Walt Disney , the Corperation . Only World War Two hampered a more world wide success of the film , which did exceeding well in America . `` Pinocchio '' , which is narrated by Jiminy Cricket , making his first , but not last appearance , in a Disney film , tells the story of a lonely , old woodcarver , Geppetto , who longs for a son.After creating a wooden marionette in that of a boy , Geppetto wishes the figure could be brought to life.After Geppetto falls asleep , a blue fairy appears in the shop , and magically transforms Pinocchio the marionette , into Pinocchio the living wooden boy . He is not a real boy at this point , but he can think and act as one , and talk like one as well . The angel tells Pinocchio that for him to become a real little boy he must be brave , good , and to never tell a lie.Geppetto is awakened . Entering his shop he discovers Pinocchio is alive . The very next day Pinocchio is sent off to school . Along the way he meets a fox who persuades him to join a puppet show run by an evil man , Stromboli , much to Jiminy Cricket 's disapproval . Pinocchio is awestruck with the idea and goes on stage for this man . He sings `` I 've Got No Strings '' , while dancing around to the wild enthusiasm of the audience.Stromboli , seeing how popular Pinocchio has become with the audience , becomes greedy , and kidnaps the wooden boy , locking him in a cage . As Jiminy is trying to free him , the angel appears before Pinocchio and asks what has happened . He invents a lie , and as he is telling it , his nose begins to grow . The angel explains that every time Pinocchio tells a lie , this is what is going to happen . After promising never to lie again , the angel restores his nose.But it is not long before Pinocchio is led astray yet again . This time , he joins several other boys who are making their way to Pleasure Island , a place where little boys can endulge in everything that is bad , until their hearts are content . Such bad habits as drinking and smoking are among the `` pleasures '' these boys indulge themselves in . It is truly an evil place , in more ways than one . Pinocchio , and other boys are magically turning into jackasses , growing ears and tails characteristic of the beast.Jiminy Cricket helps save Pinocchio from a fate worse than death , and they make it make to Geppetto 's shop , only to be told by the blue angel that the man went to sea and was swallowed by a whale . She tells Pinocchio he is still alive , and he and Jiminy go in search of him . This bravery by Pinocchio is well acknowledged by the angel , and she decides to grant him a very special wish.In many ways , `` Pinocchio '' is a warning to children that bad things can happen to little boys , and girls , who stray from the path of morality . Indeed , bad things can happen , albeit nothing so dipicted here . `` Pinochio '' has been considered , by critics , to be Disney 's most terrifying animated film of all . In fact , many of the scenes will frighten younger viewers . However , for the older children , `` Pinocchio '' can be a warm and inspiring message to always do good , for the sake of good itself .
 In PINOCCHIO , Walt Disney 's first feature-length cartoon since his historicSNOW WHITE AND THE SEVEN DWARFS -LRB- 1937 -RRB- , the artwork amazes , one of its wonderful songs , `` When You Wish Upon a Star , '' won an Oscar , and the story of a marionette come to life who must resist temptations -LRB- with the help of a cricket conscience -RRB- if he 's to become a real boy , positively charms . Artistic highlights are the brief wagon on a rainy night scene and the longer `` Gepetto in the whale '' sequence.Pinocchio is voiced by Dckie Jones , who starred inOLIVER TWISTin 1933 . Cliff Edwards , the voice of Jiminy Cricket here , was a popular 1920s recording artist known as ` Ukulele Ike . ' Edwards is credited with inventing a style of jazz singing called ` scat . ' Cliff referred to it as ` effing . ` The original Popeye , gravel-voiced William Costello , is probably heard as a statue , although IMDb assumes it 's his FLEISCHER replacement , Jack Mercer . In his only Disney picture -LRB- not counting `` Roger Rabbit '' -RRB- , Mel Blanc 's sole contribution is a hiccough -LRB- all his dialogue was cut -RRB- . Parenthetical number preceding title is a 1 to 10 IMDb viewer poll rating . -LRB- 7.7 -RRB- Pinocchio -LRB- 1940 -RRB- - uncredited voices of
 This tape was issued prior to the 1992 one-year restoration project that has since made Disney 's classic movie sparkle like new.In PINOCCHIO , Walt Disney 's first feature-length cartoon since his historicSNOW WHITE AND THE SEVEN DWARFS -LRB- 1937 -RRB- , the artwork amazes , one of its wonderful songs , `` When You Wish Upon a Star , '' won an Oscar , and the story of a marionette come to life who must resist temptations -LRB- with the help of a cricket conscience -RRB- if he 's to become a real boy , positively charms . Artistic highlights are the brief wagon on a rainy night scene and the longer `` Gepetto in the whale '' sequence.Pinocchio is voiced by Dckie Jones , who starred inOLIVER TWISTin 1933 . Cliff Edwards , the voice of Jiminy Cricket here , was a popular 1920s recording artist known as ` Ukulele Ike . ' Edwards is credited with inventing a style of jazz singing called ` scat . ' Cliff referred to it as ` effing . ` The original Popeye , gravel-voiced William Costello , is probably heard as a statue , although IMDb assumes it 's his FLEISCHER replacement , Jack Mercer . In his only Disney picture -LRB- not counting `` Roger Rabbit '' -RRB- , Mel Blanc 's sole contribution is a hiccough -LRB- all his dialogue was cut -RRB- . Parenthetical number preceding title is a 1 to 10 IMDb viewer poll rating . -LRB- 7.7 -RRB- Pinocchio -LRB- 1940 -RRB- - uncredited voices of
 As a kid , I did n't pay much attention to `` Pinocchio '' . I did appreciate it as great Disney classic but preferred to watch `` The Little Mermaid '' and `` Beauty and the Beast '' for the millionth time instead . Last year , I felt a sudden urge to watch it and experience it as an adult . And indeed , the difference was enormous . So many aspects of the film that I overlooked years earlier have now caught my attention.Story - Pinocchio is one of Disney 's darker films , both visually and story-wise . Like many of Disney 's old classics , it 's not at all about cutesy animals . There are many somber sequences here . Actually , I can think of a handful of moments that would n't shame a horror film
 This movie is quite different in some parts than the original Pinocchio tale - but that was typical of Disney , what with putting in musical numbers and talking animals . For a Disney-ified tale , Pinocchio was actually a pretty decent film , and one of my childhood favorites , and one of the better ones in the Disney library .
 My kids love it , my wife and I still adore and enjoy the film . Now that the movie is on Blu-Ray its better than ever .
 I 'm SO glad Disney is going through their classics and making the transfer to bluray . I love the story , characters , music , among many other things . Everyone should have this classic as part of their collection .
 I always enjoyed Disney 's version of Pinocchio , especially the music . It never looked or sounded better than in this blu-ray version .
 Pinocchio is one hour and twenty-seven minutes long and was released in theaters on February 9 , 1940 . The story begins with Jiminy Cricket introducing the story of Pinocchio and who it all began . Jiminy Cricket hopped into a clock and toy shop where all the clocks and toys are made out of wood . After exploring the place he spots Pinocchio and soon Geppetto , along with his pet cat Figaro , walks into the room to put the finishing touches on the place . At the time Pinocchio had no name and it was Geppetto who gave Pinocchio his name . Figaro and Cleo , Geppetto 's pet goldfish , do not like the name . Later on that night , Geppetto makes a wish on the Wishing Star and he wishes that Pinocchio was a real boy . After Geppetto , Figaro and Cleo are sound asleep ; the Blue Fairy appears and turns Pinocchio into a living puppet . She tells Pinocchio if he wants to become a real boy then he must prove to be brave , truthful and unselfish . Pinocchio must also be able to tell right from wrong and to listen to his conscience . The Blue Fairy appoints Jiminy Cricket to be Pinocchio 's and help him to teach right from wrong . While Jiminy Cricket and Pinocchio are singing Give A Little Whistle , Pinocchio falls onto some pots and wakes up Geppetto , Figaro and Cleo . Geppetto finds to his surprise that Pinocchio has come to life . Geppetto realizes that his wish has come true and is overcome with joy . The next day Geppetto sends Pinocchio to school . On his way to school Pinocchio runs into John Worthingthon `` Honest John '' Foulfellow and Gideon . Honest John tricks him into actor 's life . Jiminy Cricket , who is running late , tries to talk Pinocchio out of it . Pinocchio instead goes with Honest John and Gideon . Honest John real intent is to sell Pinocchio to Stromboli who is a puppet master . Stromboli uses Pinocchio in his act and in his stage debut Pinocchio sings I 've Got No Strings . Jiminy Cricket finally catches up to Pinocchio and sees Pinocchio enjoying himself . At first Jiminy was just going to leave Pinocchio , but instead decides to say good-bye to him and wish him luck . When he arrives he finds that Stromboli has locked Pinocchio in a bird cage . Jiminy tries to pick the lock but is unable to do so . The Blue Fairy arrives and asks Pinocchio what has happen . When Pinocchio starts to tells lies his nose begins to grow . The Blue Fairy explains `` A lie keeps growing and growing until it 's as clear as the nose on your face . '' Pinocchio say he will go straight the Blue Fairy sets him free . On the way home Pinocchio runs into John Worthingthon `` Honest John '' Foulfellow and Gideon again . To Pinocchio credit he does try to talk his way out of Honest John offer to go to Pleasure Island saying he has to go home . Honest John once again tricks Pinocchio and as Jiminy Cricket says here we go again . Jiminy Cricket has a bad feeling about Pleasure Island and Pinocchio along with his new friend Lampwick go off and have a good time . Jiminy finally finds Pinocchio playing pool with Lampwick and Jiminy is furious . Pinocchio is having a good time does not want to leave and Jiminy leaves in a huff . Jiminy finds out the truth about Pleasure Island ; the kids are being turned into donkeys to be sold to salt mines and circuses . Jiminy runs back to inform Pinocchio about what is going . In the meantime Pinocchio is watching Lampwick turn into a donkey and Pinocchio is also taking on donkey features . Pinocchio grows a donkey 's tail and ears . Jiminy arrives and rescues Pinocchio . Once the two are back home they find the home baron and a message from the Blue Fairy saying Geppetto , Figaro and Cleo went looking for him but were swallowed by a whale named Monstro and resides there now . Pinocchio and Jiminy Cricket go in search of Monstro and find him . Pinocchio is swallowed by Monstro and is reunited with Geppetto , Figaro and Cleo . Pinocchio comes up with a plan to escape and Monstro sneeze the gang out of his stomach . This makes Monstro angry and tries to get them back in his stomach again . Pinocchio is able to save his father but at the cost at his own . Back at Geppetto 's home , they are all morning the lost of Pinocchio . Unknown to the mourners the Blue Fairy appears and because Pinocchio has brave , truthful and unselfish , she turns Pinocchio . Pinocchio is one of Disney 's greatest classics and has a mixture of humor , sadness , and song . Pinocchio gets an AAAAA + + + + + . DVD FEATURESChapter SelectionBonus MaterialA -RRB- Original Theatrical Trailer -LRB- 1940 -RRB- B -RRB- Film RecommendationsSet UpPlay
 I explored the BD-live feature for the first time last night , and most of the functions require registration on Disney 's site . On Disney 's site an FAQ asserts that those features are being discontinued , and account creation is no longer possible . WTH ? This disc was only released 8 months ago , and the much-heralded BD-Live features that personalize your disc and experience are already outdated.For what it 's worth , I just bought UP -LRB- released last week -RRB- , and the BD-Live features from Disney appear to be nothing but downloading trailers for other films ... four of them . My verdict on Disney BD-Live = > total waste of time .
 A brilliant film for the time it was made . A milestone film for its time .
 Pinocchio is the cutest Disney film of all-time . This delighful tale was a childhood favorite of mine and still is ! Glad to see Disney is re-releasing this beloved classic . I highly recommend it , enjoy .
 Okay people ... the first widescreen disney animated movie was Lady and the Tramp in 1955 . So do n't complain about how its not widescreen because a widescreen version does nto exist . This movie was made in 1940 . Anywayz , it is a shame that they did n't include more extra features but the colors are superb and the movie is the most enjoyable it has ever been .
 Actually , I have n't viewed it yet . I only watch PINOCCHIO on new years eve , but I expect the dvd to be perfect ... if not , tune in in 2014
 Seller was nice enough to explain the conditions thoroughly in the ad . WTG great seller!Nice stuff , and the little girls loved it , unfortunately it was a HUGE DISTRACTION , when they were prompted to do their homework , and otherwise , participating parents while watching video.Other than getting scolded & my friend catching the &#34; Raw end of the deal &#34; , I felt guilty for getting them something so distracting from their usual or normal routine of doing school work.Otherwise , I thoroughly enjoyed it ! :-RRB- Timothy ...
 Got this CD collection for my son who loved Pinocchio as a child , and now he can share it with his little one .
 i would have given five stars but it did n't come with outer sleeve ... did n't say it did n't or anythingotherwise fantastic and very happy with purchase
 This was a gift to my grandson who loves it and his father , my son , loves it just as much . Keeping up the Disney legacy .
 This is one I know I have not seen since I was a child . For example , I completely missed the pederasty implications of `` Pleasure Island , '' where the bad boys are taken and do not come back -- at least as boys . OK , they are turned into donkeys and sold to the mines , but I suspect the Disney studios were able to recognize that a synonym for `` donkey '' is `` ass . '' That 's right ; their asses were sold into slavery!Once again , I had forgotten most of the details , including the wonderful clocks and mechanical toys in Geppetto 's shop . Or the way he set up housekeeping in Monstero 's belly . He and his cat are fishing while his goldfish looks on placidly in her fish bowl.This is yet another Disney classic that is worth sharing with your children and/or grandchildren , but you may have to explain some of the more arcane aspects . 1940 was a long , long time ago .
 The one-two whammy of audience and critical indifference to `` Pinocchio '' and `` Fantasia '' killed Walt Disney 's desire to experiment with the limits of animation in the 1940s . From then on , play it safe was his motto . This may be one of the greatest tragedies to beset popular American culture in the 20th century ; despite the depths of pretension and kitch in `` Fantasia , '' it was at least evidence of a spirited mind in pursuit of the unattained -- but `` Pinocchio '' must have broken old Walt 's heart . There are visual effects in this movie that remained unchallenged until the digital age , and it 's worth recalling that every single one of them was drawn by hand . It has one of the most beautiful and exciting musical scores in the history of the movies -LRB- I ca n't hear Cliff Edwards ' high , pure falsetto holding that final note of `` When You Wish Upon a Star '' without chills -RRB- , a deeply plangent sense of emotion that never tips over into bathos , and a wealth of detail that is still staggering after 65 years . But it may be too dark a movie to attain the popularity of more cheerful Disney cartoons like `` Snow White '' -- although even that one can frighten the tots . Now
 First the movie
 Disney has restored this all-time classic to its original brilliance . The universal themes of love , family , friendship and good vs. evil make this educational and enjoyable . Yes , there are some quite scary scenes and evil is shown for what it is . However , just as in most fairy tales , good triumphs over evil in the end.The story is told by Jiminy Cricket and the start of the movie is peaceful . He arrives at Geppetto 's home where there are music boxes , toys , amazing clocks and a puppet who is just `` all strings and joints . '' Geppetto is just painting on the finishing touches before he heads off to bed . The `` cutest '' black and white cat named Figaro adds warmth and amusement to the story . The sassy fish Cleo is a visual delight.As the woodcarver drifts off to sleep , he says
 I am 70 yrs . old , and saw all of the great Disney movies on their original release as a child . Lest my qualifications are questioned , I have TWO PhD 's , and am a retired professor who at the moment am building computers and reading at least 2 books a week . I 've travelled all of the `` lower '' 48 , and visited over 20 -LRB- again -RRB- in the last 3 years.We have become a nation so frightened and split into groups that teach children fear and hatred . I 'm afraid of what the children will become . I have a dozen grand children -LRB- at the moment -RRB- and have bought them all copies of the my fovorite Disney movies , with Snow White , Pinnocchio and -LRB- original -RRB- Fantasia at the top . Neither I , nor any of my friends my age , thought of those early movies as anything but what they were -- wonderful stories . An example of the worst of our society is Eisner -- a monster who takes movies off the market for years , and has stated he wo n't release the great folk tale `` The Song of the South '' because it MIGHT be `` politically incorrect , '' an ugly concept that divides our country into `` clans '' walking on eggs in fear of `` offending '' some other group . I have watched most of the movies with each of my grand children , and SURPRISE , they loved them and are growing up to be intellegent and open minded , without fear or hate or whining . They learn their values from parents , grand parents and friends , not from movies and not from the twisted ideas of people they are pushed to associate with .
 A timeless classic that has been entertaining audiences for 70 years , Walt Disney 's `` Pinocchio '' gets the High-Definition treatment and with Disney 's classics on Blu-ray known as `` reference '' disc 's among high-definition fans , `` Pinocchio '' is the second animated film from Walt Disney to hit theaters -LRB- back in 1940 -RRB- and the oldest Walt Disney animated film to be released on Blu-ray . This Blu-ray disc comes with two Blu-ray discs plus a DVD disc of the film.VIDEO & AUDIO : So , far the Walt Disney Blu-ray disc animated -LRB- as well as theatrical -RRB- releases are among the best in picture and audio quality.With the 2008 Blu-ray disc release of `` Sleeping Beauty '' -LRB- 1958 -RRB- which definitely benefited from the High-Definition remastering and many videophiles putting it among their top 10 of `` reference '' Blu-ray discs for picture quality , `` Pinocchio '' -LRB- 1940 -RRB- is a much older release , this film presented in multiplane Technicolor just looks absolutely fabulous on Blu-ray . For nearly a year , an expert restoration team digitally scanned 380,334 frames of four and half miles of 71 year-old film negative , cleaning 126,778 frames , realigning each scene , removing dirt , scratches and dust and matching colors to the original cels and backgrounds . The clarity of `` Pinocchio '' is just amazing and I was just impressed how clean the animation was.From the details of the backgrounds to the vibrant colors used , picture quality was just spectacular.And the audio is no slouch either as the audio is featured in English 7.1 DTS-HD Master Audio -LRB- 48 kHz , 24-bit -RRB- or a restored original theatrical soundtrack . Of course , the film is primarily a dialogue based film but also a classic known for its music.So , for those who have been enchanted with songs such as `` When You Wish Upon A Star '' to `` I 've Got No Strings '' , fans of Disney composer Leigh Harline , Ned Washington and Paul J. Smith are going to enjoy how beautiful the music sounds on their home theater setup . The music from `` Pinocchio '' earned the film two Oscars in 1941 for `` Best Music , Original Score '' and `` Best Music , Original Song '' for `` When You Wish Upon a Star '' which would become Disney 's anthem.For those wondering if there are any audio tracks in any other languages , unfortunately there is not . Although the bonus features do include English , French and Spanish 2.0 . The same can be said for subtitles featured in English SDH -LRB- for the film -RRB- and the bonus features in English SDH , French and Spanish.SPECIAL FEATURES : `` Pinocchio '' is just loaded with special features . Here is what is included : Blu-ray Disc 1 : * `` When You Wish Upon a Star '' - An all-new music video starring Meaghan Jette Martin -LRB- Camp Rock -RRB- performing an all-new version of `` When You Wish Upon A Star ! '' Obviously a version to bring any the younger listeners but really , nothing can beat the original version sung by Cliff Edwards . * Pinocchio 's Matter of Facts - Learn fun facts about Pinocchio and other related subjects as you watch the movie . * Optional Video/Audio Commentary - An all-new audio commentary with Leonard Maltin , Eric Goldberg and J.B. Kaufman . A very informative and also enthusiastic commentary in which the three discuss their feelings of the film , what scenes touched them and also some informative facts about the film . The optional video commentary allows people to have a picture-in-picture display in which you can watch the three discuss the film and then also some interviews with the original crew involved with the film . * Disney Song Selection - This section allows the viewer to listen to the music portions from the film.Blu-ray Disc 2 : * No Strings Attached
 Pinocchio is planned to be re-released on a platinum/special edition -LRB- the time has not been announced yet -RRB- . The first limited issue release of this DVD was weak . Disney then re-released Pinocchio on `` Gold Collection '' , but many of the disk inside were still limited issue disk . The limited edition DVD contains no bonus features and has a modest transfer -LRB- The sound is excellent , but the picture is sometimes grainy and color is in need of restoration -RRB- . Basically , Disney gave this film and viewers the shaft -LRB- on the first DVD release -RRB- . It 's now rumored that Pinnochio platinum wo n't appear till 2008 , but I doubt we will see it till at least 2009 . It 's obvious that they are trying to avoid releasing it at all . I wish they would just put Pinnochio and Songs of the South on Disney treasures , and Leonard Maltin could apologize for them before we watch it . That would be better then possibly censoring it , as they have with other titles such as melody time . -LRB- NOTE
 A timeless classic which can be apreciated over and over again by people of all ages . `` Pinocchio '' , Disney 's second full-length animated feature , is one of the best ever . `` Pinocchio '' is the tale of a wooden puppet who comes to life only to be tempted by good and evil . The moral dilemnas which tempt young Pinocchio seem relevant even by today 's standards . The characters -- Jiminy Cricket , Geppetto , the evil Honest John and of course , Pinocchio -- are amongst Disney 's most memorable . The title song `` When You Wish Upon a Star '' is one of the all-time classics . Although `` Pinocchio '' is geared toward a younger audience , some children may be frightened by Monstro the Whale and/or the the terrifying Pleasure Island Sequence . The only downside to `` Pinocchio '' is the DVD presentation itself . While the film transfer is great -- crisp , clear , vibrant colors -- my main gripe is the lack of extras . Apparently , Disney will be loading up the extras for its upcoming `` Snow White '' release . I just wish they 'd do the same for not only `` Pinocchio '' , but all of their animated classics . For the high price that Disney asks , you 'd think we 'd get a little more . However , this is just a minor gripe and overall , I 'm pleased to own this animated classic . Highly recommended to anyone and everyone !
 I am giving this DVD a 4 for just coming out . Disney DVD is the reason I am going DVD . -LRB- It was either that or Star Wars ! -RRB- Anyway , for those of you complaining about the lack of `` Widescreen '' on this and other Disney DVDs , read the packaging . `` Pinocchio is presented in its original theatrical aspect ratio , approximately 1:33:1 . '' Peter Pan and 101 Dalmations also say this . It is not a `` full screen/pan and scan ! '' What they saw in the movies then just happens to almost fill your TV screen now . Just enjoy !
 I remember getting this movie at age 4 -LRB- back when there were VHS tapes and when Nightmare Before Christmas was going to be in theaters -RRB- and watching it constantly . But the only two things I did n't like about it was the Coachman -LRB- who still scares me btw -RRB- and Monstro the whale -LRB- this started my phobia of whales -RRB- . Now in my early 20s , I decided to watch it to see if I 've gotten over my fear . I had mixed feelings on getting a copy of this movie on dvd because of the Politically Correct Parents in the world might ruin it -LRB- no smoking , no drinking , no Jiminy Cricket saying his jack + + + line -RRB- . But I heard from people saying that everything was kept the way it was -LRB- thank god -RRB- . I bought a copy of the movie and it was more beautiful than I remembered . As soon as you hear Jiminy sing When you wish upon a star , I felt I was 4 years old all over again . The art was magnificant and the storyline was wonderful.Anyone wanting to show their child a classic Disney film , go for this . This classic film is much better than the newer stuff like the over-rated Madagascar , the very bad Space Chimps , or anything by Pixar -LRB- to me , CGI has no beauty in it , I call it the lazy way of animating -RRB- . Trust me , this movie has no toilet humor.Enjoy !
 A couple of years ago the American Film Institute named the Top Ten American Animated Films . The top three were SNOW WHITE AND THE SEVEN DWARFS , PINOCCHIO , and BAMBI , in that order . But I thought then and I believe now that this was simply wrong . I understand why SNOW WHITE was placed first . It was the first feature length animated film and as such created an entire genre of films . And in recently rewatching the film I was struck at the very many things that are still very interesting in it . But to watch SNOW WHITE you get a strong sense that it was from a different period in time . It feels extremely dated and , frankly , many parts of it has not held up very well . And while it was brilliantly animated , it is vastly less impressive than either PINOCCHIO or BAMBI . If you take away its historical importance as the first of a new genre , it simply is not anywhere near the movie that these other two films are . I strongly believe that PINOCCHIO and BAMBI should have headed the list . Moreover , in assessing the greatness of these two films , you do n't even need to qualify them as `` animated films . '' They are simply great movies , period.Some critics have taken issue with some plot alterations in PINOCCHIO , but apart from that it is close to impossible to quibble with any other aspect of the film . The animation set the standard for anything else in the genre that came after . The music is arguably the finest not merely of any Disney film , but any animated film ever done . The voice acting -- especially that of Cliff Edwards as Jiminy Cricket -- is beyond reproach . Unless one favors alternative story directions , this is a movie that is pretty close beyond criticism . And unlike SNOW WHITE , it is as fresh today as the week it came out . There is a timelessness to the music and the great Academy Award winning song `` When You Wish Upon a Star '' is easily the greatest Disney song ever , to the point that it has become the offcial Disney theme.As a child I was as moved by PINOCCHIO as any film that I saw . Jiminy Cricket was among all my favorite childhood movie characters , matched perhaps only by the Scarecrow in THE WIZARD OF OZ . And two of the scariest moments of my childhood -LRB- scary in a good way -RRB- came from the film , the first being the horrific moment when Lampwick , after spouting ears and tail , turns back to look at Pinocchio with the face of a donkey . The second was Monstro . Everything about Monstro terrified me . As a very small child I had seen a bit of the fairly mediocre movie version of MOBY DICK starring Gregory Peck as Ahab . The image of Moby Dick destroying the ship at the end was branded into my memory and as a result all movies featuring large fish were for me the apex of horror , something brought home as an adult when I saw JAWS for the first time . -LRB- I experienced a series of nightmares as a 4 or 5 year old of the shadow of Moby Dick haunting the walls of our house . -RRB- For me , Monstro was Moby Dick on steroids.Personally , I think the changes made in the Pinocchio story were both warranted and desirable . If you have read the Collodi stories , Pinocchio is a completely unlikable brat . As they point out in the `` making of '' documentary , the original stories were serialized and were essentially a string of tales of the trouble Pinocchio would get himself into . As a reader , much of the enjoyment you are supposed to derive -LRB- though I have to confess I did not -RRB- is from seeing the messes he got himself into through his wrongdoing and foibles . In the Disney version , the title character is made a tad less central to the story , made much sweeter and more likable , and the cricket is elevated to a vastly more important role , to the point where he becomes the film 's main character . The result is that we actually care about what happens in the film to Pinocchio , whereas in Collodi 's stories we pretty much feel that Pinocchio deserves any grief that comes his way.One of the featured reviews criticizes this release for tampering with the color palette . If true -LRB- and I 've no reason to doubt his statement to this effect -RRB- this is disturbing . But even if true , does this in any way impede one 's enjoyment of the film ? I have to be honest and say that it does not . The film looks so bright and vibrant on an Up-Conversion DVD player -LRB- I have the DVD version , not the Blu-ray -RRB- that I was enchanted every second . On a psychological level it is mildy bothersome to know that the palette has apparently been changed , but on an experential level it makes no difference . Unless one has a spectacularly gifted eye -LRB- as a professional animator presumably has -RRB- one will certainly not notice differences in colors . This version looked better to me than any I 'd seen in the past , though I will confess that the most recent previous version I saw was the reissued VHS tape from the early nineties . The experience of seeing this version is not in any way to be compared , say , to the colorized versions of classic Hollywood films from the thirties or forties that were originally made in black and white . Those to me were always monstrosities , since they were intended to be seen in shades of gray.Issues of palette aside , I 've been extremely impressed with the last several Disney reissues of classic films . The feature films themselves have been a delight , but I 've gotten just as much enjoyment from the many special features that have been added . The bonus features try to be all things to all potential viewers , with games for small children that I simply skip , but also a number of documentary and archival features that adults will love but that kids will want to miss . If you have read any books on the Disney studios -LRB- such as Neal Gabler 's recent exceptionally fine biography WALT DISNEY -RRB- , it is a delight to see behind the scenes footage of all the legendary Disney animators and artists . The commentary , which includes film critic Leonard Maltin , who has made no secret of how much he is a fan of the Disney studio products , is both informative and entertaining.It is easy to overlook just how influential this film has been . Compared to SNOW WHITE and BAMBI , it has had a far greater impact on the larger culture . Most people know of Pinocchio not through Collodi 's stories , but through the Disney film . And in the larger culture Pinocchio figures in countless stories and characters . For instance , novelist Robert Coover wrote PINOCCHIO IN VENICE , in which he goes to Venice as an old man -LRB- btw , a thoroughly unlikable novel -RRB- . In STAR TREK
 Pinocchio is largely hailed as one of Walt Disney 's most masterly creations , and one of the all time great movies , period . The animation is astonishingly fluid , evocative and filled with true character . The music has set standards that are still used today , including the use of an electronic instrument for a magical effect . The story is unforgettable -- and pretty scary in spots.As the generous bonus material explains , it was not a huge success in its initial release and several reasons are speculated upon . I would venture that it is also more of a `` boy '' story than a `` girl '' one , and Disney has always had better luck with the more romantic animated features . But who knows . It 's certainly earned its keep by now , many times over , and comes to DVD and Blu-Ray disc in a new multi-disc edition.A friend of mine with a Blu-Ray player highly recommends this version -LRB- you mean YOU do n't have a Blu-Ray Player ?? '' -RRB- The image is spectacular , as it was in the Sleeping Beauty Blu-Ray , so much so that you can even make out the painter 's brush strokes!If you get the Blu-Ray version , you still get a standard DVD with the Audio Commentary by Leonard Maltin and master animator Eric Goldberg . It 's as knowledgable and interesting as you might expect , though I do wonder whehter the claim that Mel Blanc 's only Disney work was the omitted voice of Gideon -- is n't he Cousin Orville in the Carousel of Progress , or is that J. Pat O'Malley ? Anyway , you do not get the second disc in standard DVD format unless you buy the standard DVD package , so the choice is up to you depending on your need for extras and if you are looking to transition to Blu-Ray . One little piece of trivia not found anywhere on the discs
 Note
 Every frame of this classic looks great . A must have for anyone who loves the Disney animated classics . You can pause this movie almost anywhere and be impressed with the Disney artists ' fine work . Great restoration . This movie has never looked or sounded better .
 This film is such an amazing example of an animated film.This is Disneys 2nd film , and it still holds up well nearly 70 years after its release!The story is great , the animation is beautiful , and a work of art in itself ... and the DVD does NOT disappoint!After 2 really lame releases of ` Pinocchio ' , Disney gives it the Platinum treatment and it really is a must have!I dont have a Blu-Ray player , but Ive heard if you have a Blu Ray player , that the Blu version of this movie is a MUST BUY!This is a great film , with great morals that anybody from ages 1-100 can watch and enjoy!Get this for your kids if they dont have it ! Its a must have in any DVD collection and Im glad that Disney have finally put out a decent edition of this film ! Im surprised it didnt come out sooner ! But the wait was worth it !
 I can not elaborate on all of the incredible reviews here about this timeless classic . Kids love it . I just wonder if Disney will pull a `` Peter Pan '' on us and release a BETTER version of the DVD in the future . There is basically no bonus material except for the trailer here . Peter Pan 's first DVD release was similar until they re-released it with much more bonus material in conjuntion with `` Return to Neverland . ''
 This film is simply magnificent ! The definitive animated film . DVD -LRB- and laserdisc before it -RRB- is the only way to truly see all the detail put into this film -LRB- check out the wavery effect above the fire in Geppetto 's fireplace -RRB- . The story has a perfect blend of charm/cuteness and action/scariness wich takes you through some very dark places to arrive at the happy ending . The result is not only an ending that feels well deserved , but one that trancends time to become like a classic tale of old . It might scare the younger ones , but they 'll love it anyway . Just like they love tales of the Brothers Grimm.The only problem is that the transfer for this DVD is n't that great . Although the image quality is better than VHS , I own a laserdisc version of Pinocchio that displays a picture with much less grain that this DVD . Still , I would n't pass up on owning this treasure because who knows how long it will be before Disney releases the definitive version on DVD . And besides , why deprive yourself of all the fun and excitement of Pinocchio ? Buy it .
 Pinocchio is a Disney classic in that is from the Golden Era of the studio and beautifully animated . The backgrounds are extraordinary , the detail astonishing . The clocks in Gepetto 's workshop were drawn from models the studio actually made to aid the animators . The opening shot demonstrates the first use of the multi-plane camera ; layering background and shooting from several different levels . The underwater scenes and especially Monstro the Whale are spectacular . Having said all that I do not like Pinocchio . The Collodi story , considerably domesticated here , is too dark . It is disturbing , unrelentingly so , and it is one of the few Disney animated features I do not own for that reason .
 I 'll leave the technical debates to the other reviewers , and just say that I 'm perfectly happy with the DVD version I purchased.I 'd rather discuss the film itself . The title of this review speaks for itself . Sure , the technology available to the artists then does n't stack up to the technical quality in modern films , such as Tarzan or Mulan , but the charming storytelling techniques more than allow you to forget this shortcoming.Frankly , IMHO , this is the richest and most stirring Disney tale ever . Pinocchio is a superb story of growth and morality . The protagonist is plagued by the most human of foibles
 I 'm personally only buying the Disney DVD 's of the movies I love.I have all of them on VHS but want the best ones on DVD.This one is certainly at the top of the list.The picture is better than ever and the sound is THX.Once again the movie should come first features second.It could have a making of . . but would you really watch that more than once .
 I have been wating for this movie to be released again . I love it !! I ca n't wait for my kids to see it with me .
 Pinocchio is my favorite Disney movie of all time !!!!!!! I 'm glad they decided to come out with a 60th anniversary release . It is up there with such movies as Lady and the Tramp and Bambi . It is a classic a must have !!!!!!!!
 simply if you really want to be touched at the heart watch this movi
 Pinocchio is a movie with good morals and great animation . The songs are delightful and it 's a must for any Disney fan !
 Pinocchio , a timeless masterpiece , of daily standards that instill the young mind , that honesty , truthfulness , and bravery , along with love , brings happiness .
 Just got my 3-disc Blu Ray set today and I love it , beautifully restored and full of great extras , heck it even has a standard DVD of the movie so you can lets the kids watch it in the car !!! Actually I compared the two -LRB- Blu-Ray and DVD -RRB- they BOTH look incredible , of coure the Blu Ray does look a bit better of course !!! So if you like Pinocchio or want to get to know this timeless classic for the first time , get this spectacular 3-Disc Blu Ray package or if you dont have a Blu Ray player , there is alao a wonderful 2-DVD set as well !!! A TRUE DISNEY CLASSIC !!! Very Recommended !!! Two thumbs up !!! Way up !!! A +
 Disney 's charming animated film called Pinnochio is a beautifully animated and entertainingly told piece of movie history . This is definitely a classic , in all scopes of the imagination .
 I 'm so glad that they are doing the Disney movies on DVD now . The quality of the picture and sound are excellent . We 've added this to our DVD collection along with all of the other Disney DVD 's . I have almost all of the Disney movies on video ... and hope to continue to add to our DVD collection
 Other reviewers are correct , this is not for beginners . It is intermediate to advanced instruction for Chord Solo guitar , and worth every penny.I have both of these volumes -LRB- 1 & 2 -RRB- and I review them every few months as a reminder and touch up to my playing . John uses industry standard musical language to describe what he 's doing.I think John is a fine teacher , and if people have not yet learned the description language of music , they may find his explanations confusing . Not his fault , he does n't talk down.I found his discussions straight forward , plain , simple to understand and challenging to put to the fingers .
 Whoopie Goldberg , LL Cool J , Loretta Devine and Jada Pinkett - Smith star in this overlooked little comic gem of a movie . The supporting cast , including Cedric the Entertainer , are also on hand to bring to life a funny farce on death and dying , dysfunction and survival . Admittedly , perhaps a few of the plot devices may be trite , but it 's very rare for a movie not to have a few over used plots or farcial moments . This movie is all about family surviving family and life and trying to rise above whatever life has in store - be it fate or human blunder . Goldberg plays Mama Rae , a stoic and strong woman , who does know her own mind . When her husband drops dead at the breakfast table , she continues on - with an assortment of family members and friends who are coming home to '' help '' her . The always amazing Loretta Devine , the bombastic , morally and religiously effusive , bounds onto the screen and does n't stop chewing the scenery throughout her turn as Aunt Marguerite - the long suffering sister of the recently departed Bud and the mother of two lowdown sons , who try her patience at every turn . LL Cool J is the eldest son of Mama Rae and Bud , who battles his own demons , but seems to bring stability to a very fractured family . Pinkett - Smith is the one person that every family seems to have - The Drama Queen and the Eternal Victim . The rest of the cast deserves to be singled out , but time and space is limited . The bottomline is - this is a movie that can make you laugh - even if you stop laughing and think - '' this reminds me of someone in MY family . '' It ai n't brain surgery , folks and not all movies have to be or even should be . A nice clue , watch the credit roll - the photos seem to tie up the stories in the movie .
 I really was n't expect much from this film . I expected it to be your typical cookie cutter fare . I ended up being pleasantly surprised . The cast was likable , the storyline was interesting , and the film 's comedy was VERY funny and VERY down to Earth.In a way , the family in the film reminded me of my family . I 'm sure it will remind you of your folks , too . I do n't care if you 're white , black , or whatever . This movie has UNIVERSAL APPEAL . I recommend it to EVERYONE who loves to laugh ! Buy or rent this film today !
 When this movie was released in theaters , it received bad reviews and I wondered out loud
 I 'm majoring in child and family development and stumbled across this movie at 2 in the morning . I had never heard of the movie , but laughed myself silly . I could write an 8 page paper over the dysfunctions and strengths of this family ! This cast consists of many well known individuals . My favorite part had to have been when the Rev. coped with the after effects of his dinner from the previous evening while performing the funeral . Much of the this movie reminded me of Nutty Professor with so much chaos in that family . For our family , this is one that we 'll purchase on DVD and watch time and time again !
 I liked Kingdom Come . Especially , when it had my favorite singer , Toni Braxton in it . She did a very good job for her first movie . I thought the movie was heartwarming . A family type movie . It was full of life . A down to earth movie . Just like real life situations . The movie really meant something to me . Sometimes it has to take someone to die to bring the family together . I highly reccommend this movie to all ages . Full of laughs . Cedric the Entertainer will have you cracking up all through the movie . He 's so hilarious . This is a got ta see movie .
 This movie is another that I think you may love or hate . But it 's one that is SO funny to me . One I 'll watch over and over . I know full well that funerals are n't supposed to be funny , but the family and the people around them-crap you ca n't help but laugh ! I 've never seen Jada Pinkett Smith in a part quite like this , it was really quite hillarious . The cast is full of people everyone knows !
 The movie begins with `` death '' -LSB- of actress Whoopi Goldberg 's husband -RSB- , and is its entire theme : and is about all types of situations that can happen `` when chaotic clan reunite '' or are confined in close spaces with one another for more time than just a `` do drop by '' ; it softens for the fiction at least the reason they 're there `` to pay their last repects '' . . Its fine cast lead by actor/comedian Anthony Anderson make it believable , and even in its taudy way -LRB- poignant -RRB- & a little humorous and the decision of actress Loretta Devine 's son to quit being a `` prodical son '' and to have verses from the prophet `` Isaiah '' be replaced with verses from `` Psalms '' adds to the `` subdued scenes '' near the end of the movie `` Kingdom Come '' , which concludes with an epilogue of `` still life '' photos with comments just before the movie credits are shown .
 Almost did n't watch this movie ... was n't in the mood for musicians trying to be actors ... but decided what the hey , might be lighthearted and worth the video rental price ... ended up really enjoying it , even coming to amazon.com to buy it . This film has many southernisms and dysfunctional-but-you-gotta-love-them familyisms . We adopted several lines in our own family `` You know yo Daddy love us ! '' ... a certain sign that we enjoyed it ! It had excellent situational comedy and Whoopi plays the most understated part of her career , and it really works !
 I must admit that I only wanted to see this movie because my favorite singer in the whole world Toni Braxton was in it . But then again some of my most favorite actresses were in it too like Vivika , Tamala -LRB- always funny -RRB- and Jada . When I got to the movies I almost choked at how funny this movie was ... It reminded me of my family . However I was kind of disapointed that there were only really 3 main scenes and that Toni Braxton was only in a few and did not sing . I do agree that they should not have had Jada acting like she could sing when Toni was in the mivie . But all toghther the best characters were Loretta , Jada , and Anthony . This is a great movie with no curses under the exception of maybe 1 little word , but I would recommend this movie to anyone who likes to laugh and my little brother 4 years old enjoyed it so maybe other kid mught as well .
 Weddings and funerals always seem to bring out the worst in some families . The Slocum family is no exception , all together in this small Southern town named Lula all these half-cocked personalities involved , and you know you 're in for a major twister . I have seen this movie numerous times and it still gets me . Director Doug McHenry -LRB- Jason 's Lyric -RRB- gets up close on these people and even though does n't break any ground in filmmaking ; it is darkly funny and simple.It starts off with Whoopi Goldberg who plays Mamma Ray , a woman whose `` mean and surly '' husband , Bud , drops dead at the dinner table . Her large and dysfunctional family gathers for his funeral and brings all their personal baggage with them . Eldest Son Ray Bud -LRB- LL Cool J -RRB- never liked his dad and is angry at his brother Junior -LRB- Anthony Anderson -RRB- for being a dreaming bum . Ray Bud 's wife Lucille hides her unhappiness behind pills and soothing words . Junior 's marriage to his childhood sweetheart , Charise -LRB- Jada Pinkett -RRB- , is falling apart due to poverty , infidelity , and general unpleasantness . Bud 's sister Marguerite , a bible-thumping Baptist , comes to comfort Mamma Ray -LRB- Loretta Devine -RRB- but instead fights with her own `` demon '' son , Royce -LRB- Darius McCrary -RRB- . All problems may be predictably solved in the end but watching the destruction and salvation of the all these relationships endlessly entertained me.What lifted this movie above the level of sitcom was the performances , particularly Whoopi Goldberg 's . She is divine in this film , portraying a strong woman of few words but great strength and dignity . Anthony Anderson is also delightful and shows a greater range than he has in `` Exit Wounds '' or `` Romeo Must Die . '' His scene where he explains why he cheated on his wife is a wonderful moment of understated sadness . It is such moments balanced with his usual high-energy comedy that makes his performance so strong . Loretta Devine and Darius McCrary work together extremely well as bickering mother and son and provide the biggest laughs of the film . McCrary also has some nice serious moments and manages to flush out a pretty standard bad-boy-with-a-heart role.All the performances were strong and never flinched from honestly showing the character or situation . There are some really ugly people and circumstances in the film and they are not sugar-coated which makes them all the more funny or frightening to watch .
 This is the film you want , if you want a good laugh .
 LL , Jada , Fox and Goldberg are good , not great , but good in this family reunion ` Dramedy ' -LRB- Drama + Comedy -RRB- , when a family member dies , the whole family reunite , each with a story to unfold and unfinished business to be taken care of . This movie is ok in my book , had no bad parts and the cast is great , so if you like poignient dramas , it do n't get any better than Kingdom Come .
 This is a great movie . It 's one of my all time favorites . It is so wonderful . After you are done watching it , it leaves you with an awesome feeling ! This movie 's about three generations of family that come together for a family members death . This movie is very funny and the music is FANTASTIC . I definately recomend this movie to you !
 MAN U CANT HELP BUT TO LOVE THIS MOVIE . ITS FUNNY AS I DONT KNOW WHAT.ITS NOT ONE PART THAT U DONT LAUGH OFF OF . THEY WHOLE FAMILY IS A HOT A MESS AND THEIR ALWAYS TRIPPING . IF U HAVENT SEEN IT THEN U SHOULD , U DONT KNOW WHAT UR MISSING .
 I received the movie in a timely manner and it was in perfect condition . The prices was affordable and there was not a long waiting period before I received my product . Thank you !
 If you need a break from day to day seriousness and stress , this is the movie for you . It is over the top , but hilarious nonetheless . Enjoy !
 The DVDKingdom Come -LSB- VHS -RSB- arrived sooner than I expected and was in perfect condition . The packaging was good and there were no scratches . A good choice in selection . I will look for this Company Name again when re-ordering .
 I rented the Movie and later purchased it from Ebay . Great Movie to watch as a Family .
 This is a wonderful movie -LRB- quality and all -RRB- that has a beautiful message attached not to spoil the movie but once you have seen this it will become very clear what life is all about . Given that this story is one that is very near and dear to me , I must say that this is a powerful movie and the information that is presented is one that will not be forgotten .
 I received my DVD within 2 days of ordering . The only thing I did n't like was it was virtually impossible to get in touch with someone from the company to check on the status . I had to call Amazon to get the information . Other than that , the DVD arrived on time and in excellent condition ! I would recommend you buy from them .
 Movie Kingdom Come 's great surprise actor was LL Cool J , whose acting was superb . He is the star of the movie , named Ray Bud , becoming the patriarch in his family at the death of his father . And , he pulls it off with a class act . Of course , actress Vivica Fox does an exellently superb acting as his perfect wife , Lucille , who is trying to keep her own problems to herself , namely issues trying to have children . Loretta Devine is another great actress in every movie she takes on . In this one , she brings out the comedy of a religious sister-in-law , Aunt Marguerite , burdened with being a widow with two delinguent sons who she tries to whip into action with her religious tongue . Jada Pinkett plays a comedy part in this movie as the wild & crazy Sharese , a low-class wife of Junior , Ray 's brother . She wanted a singing career before her marriage and kids . Junior is played by Anthony Anderson , who is great with comedy anyway . He stars as the penniless brother with wild ideas , no common sense and he and Sharese are saddled with three bratty children . Darius McCrary does an excellent acting job as Ray 's delinquent cousin , Royce , son of Marguerite , who finally matures at the end . The actor that plays the part of the auto repair shop owner , Clyde , Ray 's boss , is so thoroughly hilarious with his scenes from start to finish . Toni Braxton is the beautiful rich in-law married to a lawyer cousin who shows up to the funeral alone and reveals to Sharese that she should appreciate her husband and her poor life because riches do n't always equal happiness . The movie also stars Cedric-the-Entertainer who plays off his part so well as the lisp-speaking minister , over-burdened but sincere . It 's revealed from the beginning of the movie that Ray Bud 's father lived the last years of his life as a grouch with Mrs. Bud , starred by Whoopie Goldberg , choosing not to hide her dislike of her husband 's ways . Whoopie Goldberg shows her excellent acting skills to the hilt with such a beautiful low-key portrayal of a patient quietly intelligent newly-widowed mother of two men , Ray and Junior . Junior is so caught up in his own crazy hopscotch life , trying to make up to Sharese for his promiscuious affair that he does n't contemplate overmuch seeing his father 's coffin . Cousin Royce already lost his father to death and shows Ray that its alright to feel hurt over the death of his father . It 's up to Ray to show and reveal how he felt about his father . Beautifully revealing and also an entertainingly funny movie .
 Delightful treatment of a dark subject . Evokes both laughs and tears . Cleverly filmed and acted .
 My mom loves this film . She watches every night and cracks up everytime . It 's the dead fathers shoes .
 I absolutely loved this movie . It is extremely funny -LRB- and this is comming from someone who does n't have a sense of humor , according to my family -RRB- . It is a great movie that you can enjoy with the family . The story line is very simple but the commedy is superve and you will certainly laugh throughout the entire movie . Do not let other reviewers discourage you . Buy this movie , you will love it .
 This was a very funny movie . Not too many movies make me really laugh , but this one did . And it has a good moral ending , which you do n't see very often .
 This is one of my 13-year-old daughter 's favorite movies . I found it entertaining , albeit a little over the top -LRB- Jada Pinkett Smith 's character -RRB- .
 It is a simple , fairly clean comedy . I enjoy movies that I can let all of my children watch without hoping that the language and sexual content is accurately rated .
 We all have families composed of a great many differentpersonalities . Some are crazier than others but deep down if we considerthem family we love them . Kingdom Come shows up what happens when they areall forced to get back together for a tragedy.Whoopi Goldberg plays the long-suffering matriarch of the family whowatches her mean and nasty husband drop dead at breakfast one morning . Nowher sister and all of their children , except for ... well you know ... he ` sstill in jail , are all coming home for the funeral . The rest of the moviedetails how they all come together as a bunch of crazy , fighting individualsand end together as a family.The story was a little weak . A lot of it was stereotypical but theacting more than saved it throughout . In fact the performances carried themovie well over the top in quality . Whoopi played the quiet matriarchdispensing wisdom as needed . LL Cool J played her oldest son , therecovering alcoholic , who is struggling with his own fear of death and theinfertility problems he and his wife seem to be having . Anthony Andersonplayed the younger son as a dreamer stuck with a hot-headed wife andmultiple kids . Cedric the Entertainer portrays the town preacher as a manfull of advice ... and other more shallow problems near the end.I really enjoyed this one . It mixed drama with comedy from start tofinish and will be a part of my collection .
 There are quite a few good laughs in this dvd . LL COOL J has proven himself to be versatile ranging from hardcore rapper to gentle giant husband and big brother in this flick . Not much I could say about others in the cast . Wait ! Anthony Anderson , funny as always -LCB- get some di sum -RCB- , remember with Jet Lee ? Well back to the rest . Jada Pinkett Smith - slap-stick was she pregnant ? Vivica Fox was Vivica fox , is she acting ? Loretta was funny and Whoopi was ok . Cedric , now how many preachers has he been to date ? Toni braxton why ! what for ! ca n't act . It 's good to rent maybe buy used but nothing to build a collection around . Peace people no comparsion to SoulFood .
 This movie was extremely funny . Fantastic cast , everyone having their own issues . If you 're not in the mood for laughter , buy a horror flick , cuz this one will make the hardest of critics laugh at some point .
 A family patriarch dies unexpectedly ... and the only way his widow -LRB- Whoopi Goldberg in a perfectly executed performance -RRB- can describe him is `` mean and surly . '' No one in this extended family can really find anything much better to say for him , and yet they 're forced to come together for the man 's funeral . Some of them , apparently , have n't spoken in years . But invariably , as they combine to plan the funeral , they find themselves re-examining their feelings , not only about the departed , but for each other and even about themselves.Pretty heavy-sounding stuff for a comedy , is n't it?Trust me on this , it works as a comedy here . In fact , it works as a wildly -- and at times , wickedly -- funny comedy . It works for two reasons , primarily
 I love this movie . It 's funny how it 's usaully the movies you almost do n't buy that you like the best.I heard so many bad things about this movie I almost just rented it it , It was also a few dollars more then what i like to pay for a single dvd , But i bought it and was very happy I did . This is the kind of movie you can watch with your whole family unlike the eqaully good Soul Food that had some raunch that was not for the small kids.This is a realsitic family dram that is also very funny , I loved Cedric the Entertainer as the preacher with gas . The Dvd had a few features a Kirk Franklin Mary , Mary music video for Thank you and the trailer and tv spots as well as a four minute featurette that was too short too be enlighting . There is also A commentery by the Doug Mchenry the filmaker who directed the film that havent watched yet . Although I would have liked a few more features this is a great movie with a great transfer and sound . There is one other thing if you are planning to watch this on a small tv it 's a very wide transfer not 1.85 as the box states , It 2.35 35mm aspact ratio so it will be vey small and hard to see .
 Wow what a great cast . Movie had some very funny moments and some parts that were very touching and endearing . Great performance from Anthony Anderson , he is on his way to superstardom . Anthony and Jada have real chemistry and I hope they do another film together . Another standout performance from Vivica Fox . Clyde was my favorite character , he had me on the floor with laughter . The only negative thing is sometimes the script kinda made some of the characters look like caricatures instead of real people . Very funny performance from Jada .
 I really enjoyed this movie . It truly warmed my heart to see the values and struggles of the black family brought to the big-screen in such an endearing way . In fact , I think you 'll see how much the actors and actresses enjoyed their roles . What marvellous performances ! What an excellent story line ! I really wish that they had put more money into this film though . The cinematography seems a little low-budget , some close-up scenes are blurred . Nevertheless , the story line still shines true . I will definitely add this to my DVD collection ... somewhere between `` Gladiator '' and `` The Best Man . '' Well done !
 I love this move !!! I just gets funnier every time I watch it ! One for the entire family !
 The best and the worst of the Slocumb family is on display when Woodrow `` Bud '' Slocumb keels over from a stroke . As the town swelters in the summer heat , family tensions reach a comedic boil as the Slocumb clan comes together to remember their dearly departed . The long-suffering Charisse is sick of her bumbling , unfaithful husband Junior . The scripture-spouting Marguerite prays to save her hard-living son Royce whose chief ambition is a life on welfare . Family peacekeeper Lucille has her hands full with a money hungry funeral director , and her husband , Ray Bud , who would rather bury his family than his father . This is a good movie . Believe it or not , this is a movie that could be viewed by all family members . Little profanity , drug use , or sexual references this movie had everything a family movie could have . Great performances by Whoopi Goldberg , Darius McCrary and Anthony Anderson and stellar visuals , This movie has a place in my collection .
 This movie is shown pretty often on cable . But it 's a movie that does n't get too tiring to see . LL 's character is trying to keep the family together as the head of the household has died . Dealing with his own personal demons , he wants his father to be remembered . The mother , played by Whoopi Goldberg , has managed to remain calm throughout the whole entire movie . The overweight sister , never has anything to say . She is rather eating and admiring a man from afar . The younger brother has an affair outside of the marriage which has his wife , played by Jada Pinkett Smith in an uproar , causing her to break down and cry . Loretta Devine 's performance as the spiritual aunt stole the movie . She did a good job playing a bible-toting woman who kept her head up high through the bad times and good . This is an enjoyable movie to watch and strongly recommended .
 ... about a family , the Slocumbs , that gathers for the funeral of its patriarch , Bud , about whom his widow -LRB- Whoopi Goldberg -RRB- , asked by a minister to share happy memories , can only muster the words `` He was mean , and right surly . '' Whoopi 's character is as cool as the Buddha , except for one outburst of wrath at her bickering children.LL Cool J plays the son of the deceased , Ray Bud , a hard-working auto mechanic ; he contends manfully against alcoholism and a short fuse , while his wife Lucille -LRB- Vivica A. Fox -RRB- is a supremely sweet-tempered woman , unable to conceive a child.Another son of the deceased is Junior -LRB- played by Anthony Anderson -RRB- , who has lost all his money on an unwise business venture , and whose perpetually carping and combative wife Charisse -LRB- Jada Pinkett Smith -RRB- has just discovered another woman 's earring in the family car . She is ... not pleased . They have , in addition to their financial and marital woes , a trio of untamable children.There is a daughter named Delightful -LRB- played by an actress named Masasa -RRB- . She does not speak a single word from opening frame to closing credit , but steals just about every scene that she 's in.The American treasure Loretta Devine -LRB- Dreamgirls , Waiting to Exhale , Boston Public , Funny Valentines -RRB- plays Aunt Marguerite , a born-again Christian widow , whose son Royce -LRB- Darius McCrary of Family Matters -RRB- is a feckless party-animal collecting an unemployment check . Aunt Marguerite gives new meaning to the word `` Bible-thumper , '' as she is often seen whacking her son on the head with a copy of the Good Book , and calling him a demon.And then there is the minister , a good-hearted soul -LRB- Cedric the Entertainer -RRB- , prone to platitudes delivered lispingly , ample of appetite , and sometimes dyspeptic . As Whoopi describes her late husband in unflattering terms , we hear the minister huskily sigh and see him reach for his antacid.I found this to be an enjoyable and ultimately uplifting film . Not always subtle , no deep message -LRB- unless it 's the minister 's `` What is yesterday but the tomorrow we thought we could not face the day before ? '' -RRB- , but heartwarming , and an ode in praise of the cohesion of family with all its flaws and follies and foibles . Also , a message of trust in God , highlighted by some hip-hop gospel on the soundtrack by Kirk Franklin and company.But mostly , I found it funny . And find it funny , after having seen it several times .
 This movie was extremely enjoyable . Very funny and silly . I 'm sure there a lot of families just like this one . My husband and I thoroughly enjoyed this movie . LL Cool J was the best and most down-to-earth character -LRB- closest to normal -RRB- . If you like to laugh , you have to see this movie .
 Well , ladies and gentleman , I too have read the reviews , which give it the aura of movies like the Omega Code -LRB- if anyone ever will remember that mess -RRB- . But I watched at our inadequate AAFES theatre , and it was great ! Although the big fogiveness thing in the end was a little corny , the movie really showed a disfunctional African American family that had both the Godly side of their culture , and also the ` other ' side . ...
 This is a terrific movie . It was so heartwarming !!! Very Funny !!! Just a all around great movie !!!!
 I 'm in the play Dearly Departed which is pretty much the same as this movie , so I watched it to do some research on my character -LRB- Suzanne/Sharice -RRB- . It helped a lot and this is a really good movie .
 Saw this movie and could not wait to buy it . The whole cast is funny as hell and it is all based around a funeral . Cedric as the preacher was crazy and one of my favorite line &#34; When I die tell everyone I left you and bury me in the backyard - LL Cool J &#34;
 A rare opportunity to laugh til you cry with no foul language . Who knew LL Cool J was so funny ? A treat for everyone !
 This is not your typical Stephen King nightmare flicks . It is more thought provoking and Christopher Walken does an outstanding job of a man revived from a prolonged coma with a special ability . Even if you do n't like Stephen King movies you will like this one .
 What a movie ! What a cast ! David Cronenberg took King 's classic tale of precognition and predestination and gave it his own personal bleak touch ! Christopher Walken -LRB- Sleepy Hollow -RRB- is the perfect Johnny Smith , taken out of normality and plunged into a psychic nightmare world . His gift / curse enables him to see both past and future events , leading him ever closer to his final destiny . Martin Sheen -LRB- The Little Girl Who Lives Down The Lane -RRB- is excellent as the lizard-like senate candidate , Greg Stillson . Horror mistress , Brooke Adams -LRB- Invasion Of The Body Snatchers , Shock Waves , Sometimes They Come Back -RRB- is Johnny 's could / should-have-been `` wife '' , unable to shake Johnny from her mind . Tom Skerritt -LRB- Alien -RRB- is the sheriff of Castlerock who seeks out Johnny in order to catch the infamous Castlerock killer . Herbert Lom -LRB- Asylum -RRB- is Johnny 's doctor . Even Anthony Zerbe -LRB- The Omega Man -RRB- and Colleen Dewhurst -LRB- When A Stranger Calls -RRB- are along for this wild ride ! Highly recommended ...
 Outstanding movie ! The absolute best of all Stephen King storys put to film . Christopher Walken takes you through a wide range of emotions as a reluctant psychic . The key to this film is the wonderful acting by all the players . Brooke Adams as the ex-girlfriend exudes the emotion of a woman with a confused heart in a way rarely seen on screen . The scene at the gazebo where Johnny Smith -LRB- Walken -RRB- might see the killer with his psychic abilities is astounding . The movie flows smoothly and gives you a clear understanding of how this type of psychic power affects moods , emotions and lives . Although not a big role , Martin Sheen as the sociopathic political wannabe is hands down his finest charactor . The saviour-like ending that precipitates world history is brilliant and mind blowing . Movies combining sci-fi and heart felt drama are hard to come by . This one has it all . Keep it in your DVD library . The dvd picture is decent but the sound could use improvement . A special edition containing the original movie poster artwork and many extras is greatly needed . You will enjoy it .
 This is a great movie , and one of the best film adaptions of a book I 've ever seen -LRB- and I 've seen and read a lot -RRB- . I wo n't give you the plot , you can read that above or in virtually every other review.This is not a `` horror '' movie . It is more like the `` Twilight Zone '' series from the 50 's -LRB- I think it was the 50 's -RRB- . A `` what if '' where the `` what if '' is something is impossible.That is the set up . Then the story and character development take over . The bounds of the `` what if '' expand . But there is a cost , and as the protagonist learns as the story develops , that cost keeps getting higher.Very susepnseful . Execellent acting . And I guarantee you 'll be more careful around scissors ... Full disclosure
 This is far and away the best movie based upon a Stephen King novel -LRB- although Kubrick 's `` The Shining '' is also very good -RRB- and a bravo performance by Christopher Walken really adds to this film 's punch . The storyline is simple . John Smith is in a terrible traffic accident which puts him in a comatose state for five years . When he awakens his girl has married someone else , and the world has moved on without him . He also awakens with the power of limited second sight . As John tries to put his life back together , the psychic ability and the notoriety it brings stand in the way , making for a fascinating story . The film moves at a very brisk clip and continually holds the viewer 's interest . This is an emotional and somewhat haunting movie that will strike an emotional chord in most viewers.Christopher Walken 's performance is superb . He really understood the role , and this is the best performance that I have seen him in . Tom Skerrit and Martin Sheen play supporting roles and do well . By the way , this film has an excellent musical score that captures the mood of the story just right , and really adds to the wistful tone of the movie.In my opinion some of the Stephen King novels have not translated well to the big screen . This one does . This is a superb adaptation of King 's novel and is very faithful to the novel , rarely departing from it.This is a fine film that most film viewers and all Stephen King fans will enjoy and appreciate more than once .
 Of all the films in my collection , I keep coming back to ` The Dead Zone ' time and time again , for times when you want a romantic story , want to be shocked/scared or want a good cry - The Dead Zone does it all ! Christopher Walken plays a teacher , who along with his girlfriend , played by Brooke Adams -LRB- also a teacher -RRB- is involved in a bad car crash . Walken ends up in a coma - for five years , when he eventually wakes up Brooke Adams has moved on with her life , got married and had a baby . Understandably Walken is devestated , but soon has other things on his mind when he realises , as a result of his traumatic experience , he has been given the ` gift ' of second sight.I 'll say no more about the plot except to say my favourite bit of the film is when Brooke Adams says to Christopher Walken `` I think we 've waited long enough . '' And if you are an incurable romantic like me you 'll see what I mean.The Dead Zone is an excellently acted , well written and directed film that can also scare the pants off you - I 'm not really a Stephen King fan but I absolutely love this film . The music by Michael Kamen also makes this film very atmospheric.Ten out of Ten .
 Without a doubt , this is the closest that it gets to transforming a Stephen King book from the pages of a book to celluloid . The book traces a young school teacher -LRB- Walken -RRB- that is involved in a tragid car accident , who remains in a coma , and awakens five years later to find a nightmarish ability to see the future . The book was one of King 's best ... . the movie is the best King adaptation .
 It 's hard to convey the sheer atmosphere of this movie , helped enormously by the wintry photography and a haunting score . At its heart is a very atypical performance by Christopher Walken - not in terms of his talent , which is always considerable , but because here his performance is not so much creepy as tragic , and even romantically tragic , and complex enough that I still think it should have been rewarded with that year 's Oscar . My test , often , is whether I can imagine another actor in the same role delivering the same mundane lines and making them unforgettable -LRB- case in point
 I did n't read the Stephen King story , so I can only comment on the film itself . Maybe that 's an advantage , since I did n't have any preconceptions . Many years after seeing `` The Dead Zone , '' my impressions of it still linger . This alone distinguishes it from the hundreds of other movies I 've seen.My most vivid recollection is of Christopher Walken as Johnny Smith . Other reviewers have called Walken weird and creepy , but I remember his Johnny Smith as a sensitive and likeable mentor -- the kind of man I would want as a teacher and friend . Walken 's portrayal of Smith 's warmth and caring was inspirational , and Cronenberg uses this portrayal to convey the idea that goodness and nobility are themselves the aberrations , while pettiness , neglect , and indifference are all too often the norms . Hence , Walken 's good guy is the outsider who chooses to battle evil.I say that this film reverberates today because it has parallels in current events . When trying to unmask evil , it is often the good guy who is villified . -LSB- spoiler alert -- do n't read further if you want to be surprised by the movie 's ending -RSB- In `` The Dead Zone , '' Johnny Smith attempts to assassinate the evil Martin Sheen character -LRB- a senator running for president -RRB- . The senator , to protect himself from Smith snatches a child from the audience to use as a shield , revealing his true nature -LRB- i.e. , evildoers are by nature cowards -RRB- . In the movie , the incident is captured on film and plays prominently in headlines that ostensibly destroy the senator 's political aspirations.But this is only a movie . Here in reality , we find parallels in the `` Pet Goat '' incident , where the president was informed -- while attending a classroom photo op -- that the country was under attack . Instead of excusing himself to take command , he reflexively froze and continued the photo op for 20 plus more minutes , not knowing whether there was a missile or aircraft targeted at him -LRB- and the classroom full of kids -RRB- . All this happened while video cameras recorded every agonizing minute.The incident sparked my recollection of `` The Dead Zone , '' making me appreciate it even more . It 's a piece of art that obviously encapsulates timeless revelations about human nature . For that , I consider `` The Dead Zone '' a memorable experience .
 David Cromemberg did an excellent job with the adaptation of Stephen King 's novel , and Christopher Walken was superb in his portrayal of Johnny Smith -LRB- no middle initial -RRB- . The supporting cast added to the film
 You do n't have to appreciate Stephen King 's works to like this great movie based on one of King 's better stories . Not only the outstanding performances of the main and supporting cast makes The Dead Zone a standout on it 's own , the fine direction , camerawork , editing and atmosphere makes it all worth the while , also.From the first few minutes after the beautiful opening sequence in which the title becomes visible piece by piece , you could be amazed by the honest and close to real life acting qualities of Christopher Walken . Further on in the movie , the other performances are as believable as his and I think this makes TDZ again , a great movie.Still , you will have to see yourself it to make your own observations and get to your own opinion on that.If you did see TDZ years ago when it came out , liked it , and want to buy a copy on DVD -LRB- again , maybe -RRB- , than this is the version you 'd want . The extra 's are fine and nice to have , but
 A novel as powerful as `` The Dead Zone '' requires a powerful cast to make it on the screen . And with the clever combination of Christopher Walken , Martin Sheen , Tom Skerrit and several other notables , this movie proves to be perhaps the best film adaptation of a Stephen King work.It begins with a spellbinding story . When Stephen King has a great idea , he does not squander it . Many writers have tackled the concept of precognition , but few have done is so masterfully . `` The Dead Zone '' is full of thrills , mayhem and wow moments while King is still getting warmed up.When Johnny Smith wakes up from a five year coma , he is endowed with the gift of second sight . By touching another person or a simple item , he is treated to the vision of a future event . The sky is the limit with such a concept , and King does not leave any piece of that sky unexplored.The John Smith character is supremely likeable and sympathetic . Walken is not the first person to come to mind . But he handles the role beautifully , and he immediately becomes the sad and ponderous character King invented in the novel.Before the midway point of the movie , Johnny is saving people from house fires , reuniting a mother and son , and steering youngsters away from a horrible skating accident that has not happened yet . The movie goer has his money 's worth before this flick is half done . Each character is vivid and dynamic , particularly those of Smith and a certain politician named Greg Stinson , played to precise evil by Sheen.The second half of the movie is no less exciting but profoundly more significant as the story unfolds . Tampering with the future is an endeavor fraught with peril , as any fan of physics can tell you . Johnny is confronted by such a challenge , forced to choose between accepting the fate of the world or embracing his gift and using it to change the future . There is a serial killer to sniff out , and even that is not as vital as his next step , which involves a truly demented man who will one day be president.The finally act can be summarized by the question
 David Cronenberg took a definite twist from his usual shock-laden films when he helmed THE DEAD ZONE . One of King 's best books , this is also one of the best adaptations of his books . Beautifully filmed with an expert talented cast , THE DEAD ZONE is a heartbreaking look at Johnny Smith , a young man who loses five years of his life lying in a coma . When he awakens , the girl he planned to marry has already wed , and has a young son . He is physically handicapped and sentenced to a world he does n't know or understand . Christopher Walken gives one of his finest performances as Johnny . Beautifully understated and poignantly touching , Walken creates a Johnny you will never forget . And what a fine cast he has to support him
 As a fan of S. King , I feel I often must defend myself to people who do n't like `` THOSE '' kinds of stories . I always delight in the reaction people give who adore `` Shawshank Redemption '' or `` Stand by Me '' and are stunned by the identity of their author . `` The Dead Zone '' is definitely in this same category . There are enough goosebump-inducing scenes to justify the dark title . However , it is truly a story of profound loss and sacrifice . No parent can completely erase the look of the wealthy father following the incident on the ice . No woman can imagine the emotions of Sarah when her love who has been , for all intents and purposes , dead to her for five years , is alive and has picked up just where he was the day she lost him . This is a beautiful story and while Christopher Walken can be the scariest man on a movie screen , you just want to take him and hug him for all the pain he expresses throughout this film . Of course , you might be a little afraid of what he might see ...
 For those who are not aware - not only of how great but how canny Sheen is , here 's the scoop on how he got the role of sleazy megalomaniac Greg Stillson
 Christopher Walken has never been better , and for those of you who might have only seen him playing his now stock-in-trade creepy weirdoes , check this out . He should have won an academy award for this brilliant performance -LRB- all the performances are good , including Martin Sheen who plays blustery and phony because the character he 's playing is a deeply-disturbed , dishonest man -RRB- . Michael Kamen also should have won an Oscar for his brilliant score . In contrast to many of today 's horror films -LRB- and films in general -RRB- in which emotion is replaced with aloof irony , this film -- in addition to making the hairs stand up on the back of your neck -- bravely explores emotional and moral dilemmas encountered by decent people . The story takes you by surprise despite a premise you 've seen before -LRB- a psychic debating whether or not to alter the future -RRB- . One of the best things about this movie is the filmmakers ' courage in sticking to the book 's tough , heart-wrenching ending . Here , David Cronenberg is in his prime as a director , and Jeffrey Boam deserves kudos for his fantastic screenplay . A must-own DVD for people who like eerie and sophisticated thrillers .
 Johnny Smith -LRB- Christopher Walken -RRB- , a young teacher , has been in a coma for the last five years as a result of a car accident . When he suddenly awakens , he finds that the world around him has completely changed . The love of his life , Sarah Bracknell -LRB- Brooke Adams -RRB- has married another and he has received the dubious gift of second sight . Johnny finds that when he touches another person , he can see their future . Distraught and unable to bear the ramifications of his gift , Johnny retreats into himself and lives alone in a small town in the country . He tutors children in his home to make ends meet and tries to avoid physical contact when at all possible . However , as opportunities to use his gift come up , Johnny finds that he can not resist . First there is the rapist/murderer , then there is the young boys ' hockey team falling through thin ice , and finally there is an obsessed politician -LRB- Martin Sheen -RRB- . In the end , Johnny must make the choice between doing what is right or continuing to endure his bleak , loveless life ... Director David Cronenberg did a wonderful job adapting this Stephen King novel . It is not a horror story like many of King 's books are , but a wonderful story about a man 's inner landscape . Christopher Walken was fabulous as the self-tortured lead character and I felt that I knew exactly what he was going through , even though he never said anything . He was also ably supported by other actors , including a conflicted Brooke Adams as his love interest and Martin Sheen as a characteture of a smarmy politician who takes kissing babies to a whole new level . Shot almost entirely in a bleak , gray , cold winter , the settings were perfect for this film and really let you focus on the characters . A wonderful movie to curl up at night with .
 Christopher Walken is excellent as a man who awakens from a coma to discover he has the ability to see somebody 's future just by touching them . His character is sympathetic and well-thought-out and the film is a wealth of thought-provoking , interesting ideas and truly haunting images . The darker side of the human mind and the worrying prospect of what might be just around the corner for everybody are explored wonderfully in a film which faultlessly brings the atmosphere of the unputdownable book to the screen .
 Many movies have been made from Stephen King 's books . Most of them have been bad . The exceptions are `` Christine , '' `` Misery , '' and the best , `` The Dead Zone . '' David Cronenberg , a master director of horror , quirky and sometimes over the top , directs `` The Dead Zone '' with a sure hand . Christopher Walken , playing mostly villains the last few years , wonderfully plays an awkward , compassionate school teacher , crippled and put in a coma by an auto wreck , then wakes , having lost his love but gaining insight into the future . This kind of thing has , frankly , been overdone in the movies , but here the story 's line is so clear , the acting so good , that we forget that it is a supernatural thriller and we become involved with these all too human characters . There are some baroque touches , such as the Frank Dodd suicide , somewhat gratuitus compared to the rest of the film 's images . Cronenberg 's best work , I feel , is when he is not trying to be too far out , which means most of his films after this one . `` The Fly '' was another masterpiece and again Cronenberg was reined in a little . Cronenberg directs and gives this `` quiet '' horror film a savage beauty , so when the climaxes and surpizes come , they are all the more powerful . This is a great film of any genre and I think Cronenberg 's best work . `` The Dead Zone , '' will last longer than his more recent , `` controversial '' films such as `` Crash . '' He has this obsession with the body and the machine and still makes movies exploring his own demons . Some of these explorations are interesting but ultimately boring for such a wonderfully talented director , one of the best in the horror or any genre . But stay with `` The Dead Zone , '' a movie worth buying and merits repeated watchings .
 Here 's a quick review of the latest `` Dead Zone '' DVD rerelease : PICTURE : Pretty good actually but a little shoddy in select spots . Not crystal clear but the movie is over twenty years old , so it 's probably as good as it 's gon na get . An acceptable transfer.AUDIO : Nice usage of the surround speakers in several scenes . I had no problems understanding any dialogue and in my opinion , a better than average sound mix . I think the music definitely benefits from this new audio remastering.EXTRAS : Cronenberg appears here in several featurettes and I always enjoy listening to whatever this man has to say about anything . He is one of the most engaging speakers I have ever had the pleasure of listening to and he hides nothing really , providing interesting insight into the film and how he approached adapting King 's book . Several other members of the crew are present and pop up to chime in on their memories of shooting the film . Most notably absent is Walken himself and I would have loved to hear his recollections on playing Johnny Smith.OVERALL : This is a very nice reissue of the Dead Zone which for the price it 's going for , is a steal . I think the extras are worth the cost alone and the film still manages to choke me up even after all this time . If you ask me , they should 've gone with a different cover because quite frankly , it 's just plain ugly .
 This is an impressive king adaption . Walkin is mezmerising as the man who can not only see the future , but he can change it . The rest of the cast is excellent in this first rate production of one of my favorite thrillers ! This film deserves a completely remastered DVD treatment .
 The Dead Zone directed by David Cronenberg is brilliant . Terse and well adapted with a superb cast , it is worth your time . Christopher Walken is compelling as Johnny Smith , a doomed man whose talent is that he not only predicts the future but also has the ability to change it . Put this in the rare category of excellent films based on King novels . The Dead Zone stands with Carrie as exciting and expertly adapted .
 School teacher Johnny Smith is involved in a horrible accident . When he awakens from a five year coma , he finds out that he can see a person 's future just by making physical contact with them . When the local cops find out about Johnny 's new powers , they ask him to volunteer in helping in a murder case . This leads Johnny into more trouble than he wanted .
 Stephen King that is ! This is one of my favorite King novels!It 's so cool the way Chris Walken sees the future when heholds somebodys arm ! It 's not Kings scariest movie , but it isone of his best ! If you 're a fan of this legend , you must seethis fantastic movie !
 This is a good , quietly somber adaptation of a good , quietly somber STEPHEN KING novel . CHRISTOPHER WALKEN is perfect as the tortured JOHNNY SMITH , a man who , after a five year coma , awakens with second sight . The television series with ANTHONY MICHAEL HALL is decent but lacks the dreary despairation that this film carries and WALKEN 's performance blows away HALL 's . Not much of a horror film , but a supernatural drama with some tight pacing and a moody sense of dread that puts the viewer in JOHNNY 's shoes as he explores THE DEAD ZONE .
 This is one of my all-time favorite Stephen King stories . Not only does the video stay true to the book , it is well-made . Christopher Walken and Brooke Adams are a formidable team . This story answers the question , `` if you knew , when Adolph Hitler was a young boy , what he would turn into , what would you do when no one believed you ? '' This story answers that question without a cut-and-dry `` let him live '' or `` kill him . '' A brilliant piece of work in the tradition of Stephen King .
 Christopher Walken 's quiet John Smith is the heart of the story . Smith is a man who wants to teach his students , marry his sweetheart and be good to his parents - a small and normal life.Instead , he 's involved in a horrific crash , is an a coma for five years and finally wakes to the loss of most of what he had and the acquisition of psychic ability . His doctor -LRB- Herbert Lom -RRB- , once convinced of John 's `` gift '' , tells him this knowledge is not meant to be used.The other reviews do a good job of describing the plot . What absolutely makes this movie , though , is Walken 's performance as John . Considered by many reviewers to be his career 's best performance , Walken portrays Smith as a physically frail man motivated by his own decency to change what he can , no matter the cost .
 The film adaptation of THE DEAD ZONE strays quite a bit from Stephen King 's original novel . The movie version is an excellent film that actually expands on some timeless themes King introduced while trimming some of the book 's less important characters and plot points . Both book and film are basically about nice guy Johnny Smith . At the beginning of the story Johnny is a straight laced young English teacher in love with a pretty girl and looking forward to a happy ordinary life . A tragic accident -LRB- car crash in both movie and film but quite different details -RRB- puts him in a coma for five years and when he miraculously recovers he finds his sweet girlfriend is now married and a mother and he has been `` gifted '' with a strange psychic ability that lets him see the most traumatic scenes of people 's pasts and futures.Christopher Walken is close to perfect in creating the character of Johnny . We sympathize with him as he encounters the problems that come with recovering from years in a hospital bed and with being burdened with such a scary and important psychic `` gift '' . Early in the film Johnny , saves a girl from death by fire , identifies a serial killer , prevents a young boy from drowning and is able to tell his own doctor that the doctor 's mother who was presumably killed in World War II is alive and well all thanks to his special abilities . Late in the film he has a vision that leads him to ask others `` What would you do if you could go back in time and kill Hitler before the Holocaust and World War II happened ? '' It is his answer to this question of the ability to stop evil that leads to the unforgettable climax and resolution of the plot.The movie though presumably set in Maine was filmed in Canada mostly during the winter season and the frozen landscapes perfectly match the movie 's often dark mood . The soundtrack is also noteworthy as it expertly captures the film 's nightmarish qualities . There are several bloody scenes and the serial killer material is particularly disturbing so a caution to the very squeamish . Still this is so much better than most films of the horror genre and actually raises some interesting questions in the audience 's minds .
 Love Christopher Walken . I also love this movie . John Smith has the ability to see disasters that are going to happen in the future . I ca n't help but compare Martin Sheen 's character to that of Mitt Romney . Good luck to us all on election day .
 The Dead Zone MOVIE by Stephen KingThe Dead Zone opens by Jonny Smith whom is a teacher had a girlfriend , Sarah . Johnny takes Sarah on a surprise date at a carnival and as they are riding the roller coaster , Johnny all of the sudden has an odd headache . Johnny then takes Sarah home and they claim their love for one another as he drives off in a horrible rainstorm . As he travels , while a truck jack-knives and as the truck and trailer separate leaving no injuries to the truck driver , Johnny hits the end of the tank . Johnny lands himself in the E.R and then into a coma for several years and when we wakes up , Sarah has married and his parents break the news to him about Sarah about his accident too . Johnny has an assigned doctor in order to heal properly . His doctor is a sort of therapist whom is also interested in Johnny 's visions . Since Johnny can see things as they happened to warn people of danger before it happens , his doctor takes detailed notes.And he has to undergo a series of painful operations in order to regain use of his body . Meanwhile , he has started getting visions . He tells a nurse that her house is burning down . The media get a hold of the story , essentially ruining Johnny 's life . And a Sheriff Bannerman from neighboring Castle Rock is getting desperate to solve the case of the `` Castle Rock Strangler . '' After that , Johnny becomes obsessed with a local politician by the name of Greg Stillson . Johnny has a certain vision of Stillson 's future , and he then goes around asking his friends and family if they would kill Hitler -LRB- given a time machine or similar device to go back to the 1930s with full knowledge of the future -RRB- . In the last scene Johnny shows up at the big Political Outing to shoot Greg Stillson only to be shot and killed himself . Greg is the one married to Sarah . They also have a son whom is held by Sarah as the political outing is being filmed by media .
 I have always found it interesting that the movie versions of both `` The Dead Zone '' and `` The Shining '' have habitually been attacked due to their supposedly understated natures as compared to the books upon which they are based . I can only surmise , and therefore theorize , that such judgements are based less on the interpretations as set forth by their respective film staffs , but more aptly reflective of the societal tendency toward decreased attention spans.There are two primary types of horror
 I had n't seen this film in about 20 years . It was rougher and had more moments of horror and gore than I had remembered but Walken 's and Sheen 's performances were excellent and it 's a good story .
 Viewed
 I recieved my DVD The Dead Zone by Stephen King very fast in GREAT condition . THANK YOU
 The Dead Zone is a masterpiece David Cronenberg can be proud of . This movie mixes so much emotions into one story ; when it 's over you are confused on how you feel , but you are undeniably hooked . This movie has one of the best endings in cinematic history , with some of the most powerful dialogue I 've ever heard . Cristopher Walken puts on a very powerful performance . Brooke Adams plays the love interest of Walken who has moved on with her life after the accident . These two set off firecrackers wheneve they are on-screen together . Martin Sheen plays a backwards politician who is running for president . Sheen 's character has a line that says `` I will be president someday ! '' And when he said that i burst out laughing because i remembered that he plays THE PRESIDENT on `` The West Wing '' . But aside from that you have to see this movie . Please indulge your-self in solid cinema .
 As always , the book is better , but this film does a fairly decent job of getting the point across . All the essential plot elements remain
 Excellent movie , although not everyone 's style . Not that it is overly scary or gross , just that it tells the story in an `` old fashioned '' way -- which is good ! The acting is superb -- in such a way that you do n't realize it is acting at all -LRB- not like the overly dramatic types we see too often -RRB- . It is just believable enough that it might be true .
 I love this film . David Cronenberg was a genius to have Christopher Walkin as the star for he was perfect for the role . Stephen King was a genius , because he sold his novel to the right guy and got this terrific and classical movie . Get a copy for yourself to watch . This movie really does justice to the good book . You will be suprised.P.S . The TV . pilot remake and series , sucked so do not watch it !
 One of my wierd little pet peeves is people who instantly associate Stephen King 's name with gory schlock . And I just know that these people have probably never read any of his books . King is way more than just a horror writer -LRB- and when he writes horror , it is far from schlock -RRB- , but can also write touching dramas , and his Dead Zone novel is a testament to this . Cronenberg 's movie also stands -LRB- alongside Carrie -RRB- as perhaps the best King adaption ever . This is due in big part to the ingenious casting of Christopher Walken as the sympathetic hero . We watch what he goes through , losing his girl and his mother and now having this new psychic talent , and we sympathize for him . You 'd be surprised to discover how sweet the movie is , and we get to see Johnny Smith help a lot of people out . The movie also has a slam-bang ending which manages to tie everything together in about two minutes without seeming rushed.Overall , you got ta love Walken and Cronenberg equals brilliance , and when they 're hard at work to adapt something from master Stephen King , you get
 Stephen King is a household name in America . However , some of his finer work gets lost in the shuffle of films like `` The Shining , '' `` Pet Sematary , '' and `` Carrie . '' `` The Dead Zone '' is just such a case.This movie is absolutely incredible . Christopher Walken stars as Johnny Smith , who wakes up one day to discover he has been in a car accident-induced coma for five years . His fiancee is married to another man and has a child and his job is gone . However , he soon discovers that he has been blessed -- and cursed -- with second sight as a result of the accident.Walken gives an amazing performance as a man torn apart by this strange phenomenon , and Martin Sheen is chilling as the sinister politican with his sights set on the presidency . With the surprise ending and the interesting concept behind it , this movie is definitely one of the best I have ever seen .
 Stephen King is a really good writer , even though he has become known as the king of horror . However , the best Stephen King stories are the one 's that really are n't horror stories , such as `` Rita Hayworth and the Shawshank Redemption '' and THE GREEN MILE . Not surprisingly , these are the same stories that when adapted have been turned into the best movies . THE DEAD ZONE is another one of these films.THE DEAD ZONE is about a teacher named Johnny Smith -LRB- brilliantly played by Christopher Walken -RRB- . After a mysterious night at a carnival , Johnny gets in a car accident after dropping off his girlfriend . He survives the accident but enters a coma and awakens to find himself several years in the future . His entire life has changed seemingly overnight . However , not only that , but Johnny now posesses a psychic gift that allows him to see possible events in the future and events that have occurred in the past . The `` gift '' seems like a curse and separates Johnny from the rest of the world . The movie builds up to the point when Johnny meets a man running for the US Senate . He sees the evil in the man and the destruction of the world if he is elected . So the question is raised , if you could go back in time and kill Hitler , would you?THE DEAD ZONE stays fairly close to the King novel it is based upon . There really is n't any horror here , just a tasty morsel of the supernatural . Walken , who so often finds trouble finding good work because of his peculiar physical appearance and voice , fits the part of Johnny Smith perfectly . Also memorable is Tom Skerrit in the role of a local sheriff and Martin Sheen as the shady politician . The movie is worth watching and serves as a good introduction to some of the non-horror writings of Stephen King .
 Christopher Walken plays John Smith , a teacher in a small town who wakes up from a five-year coma to discover his life has passed him by . He also finds that he has somehow aquired the power to see horrifying events in the past or future of people 's lives through simply a touch . For John , and us , the effect of his discovery of both his new life and his new power -LRB- blessing or curse ? -RRB- is soul-shattering . There 's lots of good acting here . Brooke Adams , Tom Skerrit , Colleen Dewhurst , Herbert Lom , Anthony Zerbe and Martin Sheen is a maniacal presidential candidate -LRB- Greg Stillson -RRB- . Ok , so maybe Sheen 's performance seems a bit over the top , but I kinda see what they were going for . Stillson 's in complete command of his abillity to manipulate events , to gain recognition for his own accomplishments -LRB- to be believed -RRB- , and by doing so , garners more votes , to gain the highest office of the most powerful country in the world ... unlike ego - and soul-crushed Smith who must wrestle with his moral dilemma . I do n't want to give away too much , but the ending is well done and even makes you think.Some people , in these pages , have said they 've been a little reluctant to use words like `` haunting '' to discribe this movie , since the words are so over-used . I agree . All the superlatives I can think of , fail to underline how unusually affecting this film is . I hope more people will see it .
 This is one of the best adaptations of a Stephen King novel . Christopher Walken brings just the right amount of strangeness to this role without going over the top . The premise is well-conceived and believable . One of my favorite sci-fi movies .
 I used to watch the TV series . I read the book then watched the movie . Great story line and mostly true to the novel .
 Many movies have been made from Stephen King 's books . Most of them have been bad . The exceptions are `` Christine , '' `` Misery , '' and the best , `` The Dead Zone . '' David Cronenberg , a master director of horror , quirky and sometimes over the top , directs `` The Dead Zone '' with a sure hand . Christopher Walken , playing mostly villains the last few years , wonderfully plays an awkward , compassionate school teacher , crippled and put in a coma by an auto wreck , then wakes , having lost his love but gaining insight into the future . This kind of thing has , frankly , been overdone in the movies , but here the story 's line is so clear , the acting so good , that we forget that it is a supernatural thriller and we become involved with these all too human characters . There are some baroque touches , such as the Frank Dodd suicide , somewhat gratuitus compared to the rest of the film 's images . Cronenberg 's best work , I feel , is when he is not trying to be too far out , which means most of his films after this one . `` The Fly '' was another masterpiece and again Cronenberg was reined in a little . Cronenberg directs and gives this `` quiet '' horror film a savage beauty , so when the climaxes and surpizes come , they are all the more powerful . This is a great film of any genre and I think Cronenberg 's best work . `` The Dead Zone , '' will last longer than his more recent , `` controversial '' films such as `` Crash . '' He has this obsession with the body and the machine and still makes movies exploring his own demons . Some of these explorations are interesting but ultimately boring for such a wonderfully talented director , one of the best in the horror or any genre . But stay with `` The Dead Zone , '' a movie worth buying and merits repeated watchings .
 Stephen King has always been an enigma to me . Once in a while there 's some pretty good adaptations of his novels -LRB- `` Carrie , `` The Shining '' , `` Misery '' -RRB- though it 's his short works that seem to have produced the better films -LRB- `` Stand by Me '' , `` The Shawshank Redemption '' , `` The Green Mile '' -RRB- . `` The Dead Zone '' falls in the category of slightly above average thanks to the stellar direction of horror-meister David Cronenberg and a top-notch cast led by Christopher Walken . There were moments of deja vu here where I felt the film was derivative of a `` Twilight Zone '' or `` Outer Limits '' episode but there 's also some genuine inspired moments as well . King has some interesting things to say about telepathy and the responsiblities of those imbued with it . Walken has a sympathetic turn here as the telepath whose psychic abilities are foisted on him . Good supporting work by vets Herbert Lom as Walken 's physical therapist , Tom Skeritt as a local sheriff , cult fave Anthony Zerbe -LRB- `` The Omega Man '' , TV 's `` Harry-O '' -RRB- as a father who hires Walken to tutor his son . Martin Sheen 's work here kind of anticipates `` The West Wing '' . Think of Josiah Bartlett 's evil twin . Not bad but could have used more cowbell .
 Possibly the best big screen adaptation of a Stephen King novel -LRB- even better than Brian De Palma 's Carrie -RRB- , the Dead Zone is the culmination of producer Debra Hill -LRB- a longtime partner of John Carpenter -RRB- and horror maestro David Cronenberg . Like the above Amazon review states , with a lineup like this you 'd expect a horror movie chock full of all the blood and gore you can handle , but instead the Dead Zone is an amazingly creepy and heart wrenching tale , starring Christopher Walken in one of his finest performances as Johnny Smith ; who awakens from a coma to find that he has acquired an ability that allows him to see horrible past and possible future events just by touching someone . Most of the film deals with Smith 's inner struggle at his dilemma , before concluding with a face off against a shady politician -LRB- Martin Sheen -RRB- . Not really a horror movie , but it supplies the right amount of dread and suspense that you would expect from this crew , and this film not only ranks as one of the best King adaptations , but one of the best films to come from the visionary Cronenberg .
 Thsi is w = one of my favorite movies and Christopher Walken struck me as both eerie and sad in this film long before I knew who he even was . Whats handled nicely here is the responsibility of precognitive dreams . It could 've simply been about him seeing things and doing something but this makes them more complex than that as it works to deal with the ramifications of all of this ability . In someways this is about the web that permeates from our lives to that of others and how we 're only a few people away from destruction , how we 're linked to darkness in ways we do n't even suspect . I think that this and the Shining take the best look into someone having an odd ability an dthe personal price that wroughts . Whats nice about Stephen King 's concept is that it pretty much came off here . Perhaps what works best in his films is the lack of special effects . To try and produce them with tends to disrupt the flow of the movie . Here Walken 's acting and Brooke Adams make a tragic couple who 's lives were interrupted for a number of years by his coma but ultimately their love is the sacrifice to save the world from Martin Sheen . Perhaps the message , intended or not is to look at our lives as part of a bigger landscape than just what we want .
 `` When it happens , when the spells come ... I feel like -- I 'm dyin ' ... inside . '' Do I have to say more about this masterpiece from David Cronenberg ? This moody , thought-provoking , tragic love story will leave you chilled , hollow , and starngely fulfilled ... Somewhere between the best and worst of humanity lies a place where one can change the world -- the dead zone .
 `` God 's been a real sport to me '' . A classic line from one of Cronenberg 's finest films . Walken 's acting skills come of age as Johnny Smith , a school teacher who awakens from a five year coma to find that life has passed him by , now blessed -LRB- or cursed -RRB- with a rare power to see the future and perhaps change it . Superb supporting roles portrayed by Tom Skeritt , Anthony Zerbe , Herbert Lom and of course , Martin Sheen . The finest adaptation of a King story until recently surpassed by the Green Mile .
 I had n't seen this in some time and I use to own the DVD . Just watched it via Netflix sreaming and it confirmed what I thought the first time I saw it years ago . This is an excellently made movie . Croenberg did an great job of conveying the lonliness and sadness of Walken 's character Johnny . The extended scenes showing his visions are all powerful as were the performances of everyone . No dull scenes at all and a nice musical score . I checked Amazon to see if somehow the blu ray version might have slipped by me but could n't find it . Paramount , what are you waiting for .
 those of us who enjoy this exceptional filmaking have many people to thank . i 'll settle for DAVID and CHRIS and the chance to vote . love KING 's books and many of their big and small screen adaptations . perhaps only STANLEY KUBRICK 's `` THE SHINING '' is on the same plane though .
 I saw this unintentionally as I went to the cinema to see the other film of a double feature . This was the most amazing surprise of my life . Unlike other King films , this is n't really horror - no goblins , unless you count the evil Stillson.Others have written well about this film . I 'd just like to say that if you like psychological thrillers with a twist , you 'll love this film .
 This movie was thought provoking as well as emotionally provoking . There were two characters that I absolutely hated , and only at the end did I salvage any respect for either of them . The first was the girlfriend of John Smith who got married while he was comatose . I could deal with that part since most people in real life would have probably done likewise under the circumstances , but she came across in a smug , arrogant , rub-it-in sort of way when she comes face to face with John after 5 years in the coma . He wakes up to find he had basically lost everything , including her , but unlike Sarah , who has obviously turned the page , his feelings are unchanged . In an extremely awkward first meeting , her first words to Johnny were `` you lost weight '' to which he replies `` its called a coma diet , lose weight while you sleep '' He should have said , `` Oh , how nice of you to to point that out Sarah , I feel better already '' and then kicked her out of the house . I never liked her after that , and hoped she would go off and get bulldozed by an 18-wheeler herself . The second character was the mentally void jerk `` bodyguard '' of Stillson , who weighed every bit of 150 pounds soaking wet , and only seemed to pick on disadvantaged people . I was hoping he would meet up with someone his own size and get what he deserved , but I did gain some respect for his character when he blew off Stillson at the end , after the pictures were taken of Stillson 's cowardly attempt to protect himself by using the child as a human shield , which destroyed his political career and exposed him publicly for the true clod he really was . All in all , a great story , well thought out and written , with great actor selection to fit the characters involved . Christopher Walken was a natural for the part of John Smith , and turns in his best performance ever . Another Stephen King masterpiece .
 I have to concede some agreement with a below-poster who states that there was `` no atmosphere '' to this filming of `` THE DEAD ZONE '' . Well , no , there was SOME , but for a film from the Reagan-era-80s , where mood -- and properly paced editing -- seemed culturally anathema , this is about as good as it gets . -LRB- Seriously ... I bitched like a banshee during most of that decade for precisely this reason . -RRB- Nevertheless , ` TDZ ' almost gets it right . And , of course , Mr. Walken is flawless .
 then you know whats comming about years before it happens , or he can see your past like a firework in the dark skies . This along with the shining are one of the few good Stephen king Novels to come to life in a great way.Johnny Smith -LRB- Christopher Walken -RRB- woke up out of a five year sleep . He has his friends and a good doctor , Dr. Sam Weizak -LRB- Herbert Lom -RRB- in his corner . But when he grips the hand of a nurse , he sees what she needs to know , that her daughter is stuck in a burning house . It all ends well , but Johnny has just woke up from a five year nightmare right into one , where he wishes he was rght back in that coma . With his girl , and job gone , his legs nearly rendered usless , headaches getting worse , body getting weaker , and his only positive is to see horryfying truths , it seems as tho his life is going into a downward spiral.This movie does a excellent job of keeping in suspence and mystery to keep your eyes glued to the very end . Since the suspence is over with after a first viewing , I find it hard to watch a suspence movie over again , unless it 's like total recall where action is blazing , so I wo n't get board . But I watch it sometimes every now and then.The Dead Zone is an excellent movie that provides great entertainment as a suspence movie . Anyone who is a fan of Stephen King , suspence movies , or Christopher walken should definitly check this movie out.peace
 During the time when filmmakers were completely embarassing King by making utterly low-quality films out of his stories -LRB- Children of the Corn , etc. -RRB- , David Cronenberg and Jeffrey Boam teamed together to write and direct a solid , engrossing adaptation of king 's 1979 novel . Christopher Walken is just fine here as a school teacher who gets thrown into a terrible car accident , by some unlucky fate , and falls into a coma for 5 years . When he wakes up , he has lost everything he once had , but has gained something . The power of second sight is what he gains , ultimately leading to a fatal conclusion . THE DEAD ZONE is the sort of movie that will keep you glued to the screen , one of the many reasons being for Walken 's outstanding performance .
 The Dead Zone is one of my favourite shows . I 'm surprised that no one else has reviewed it before , although that may be because it can speak for itself . The Dead Zone is one of those rare occurances where the show is not only based on a book , it also follows the plot line of the novel rather than just stealing the characters . It 's based on a Stephen King novel and ends up with an amazing mix of horror and humour to stop it from having an atmosphere that is too heavy all the time . The show itself is one of the most visually stunning I 've ever seen . The cinematography pulls the viewer along and the special effects are used so skillfully that sometimes you do n't even notice that they 're there . The acting is really good and the show often tackles current and/or controversial topics , from school shootings , to politics , to witchcraft . I highly recommend this show to anyone who is interested in current events and the unusual or paranormal . Anyone who likes modern SciFi and continueing stories will love this .
 The Dead Zone , I believe , is one of the most passed over Stephen King movies . I do n't know why it has n't become a classic . Now , especially , it is being put behind as the new `` Dead Zone '' series has come out . I really want more people to see this movie . I do n't want The Dead Zone to be remembered for the tv version.The Dead Zone 's power comes from a performance by Christopher Walken that squeezes the empathy out of a viewer . We watch as he comes out of a coma only to find his fiance taken by another man and he is bestowed with strange powers that he must take responsibility for . Johnny Smith , who was a once personable school teacher , has become an outcast . A freak . He has lost everything he loved . All he has left is to use his powers for good , but even then he is reluctant to do so . He sacrifices himself , in love , and ultimately in his life ; doing what he has to do for the sake of humanity.This movie was masterfully directed by David Cronenberg and with his mix of gore and barren landscapes he leaves a chilling reminder in our hearts of what we sometimes must do for the benifit of others.Coincidence is quite strange being how Walken tells his class about the headless horseman of Sleepy Hollow then went on to play the headless horseman -LRB- with head -RRB- in Tim Burton 's Sleepy Hollow . And also how Martin Sheen went on to play the president on The West Wing.If you see this movie for one reason , watch it for Walken 's classic outburst of `` The ice , is gon na BREAK ! ''
 In my opinion , Christopher Walken is one of the most interesting american actors of the last 25 years , right besides Al Pacino and Robert De Niro . But unfortunately his filmography can not be compared with theirs . With the exception of Abel Ferrara and Michael Cimino , few leading american directors have used his talent . Too bad.So we must enjoy again and again his terrific performance in THE DEAD ZONE , a movie directed by canadian director David Cronenberg in 1983 . If we still remember this picture , it 's essentially due to Walken 's character , a teacher who awakens from a 5 years coma with a psychic ability . Well , let 's be objective , the technical skill of Cronenberg is also to be praised . The scenes showing Walken going into a trance deserve to stay in the movie annals . The picture is also giving us the opportunity to admire Brooke Adams , an actress who had the same kind of career than Walken 's
 I started out with the TV series , which I enjoyed . That led me to buy the book , which I liked better . -LRB- For me , the book is the reference here . -RRB- I did appreciate that the TV series presented many of the key episodes of the book . When I saw the movie advertised by Amazon , I picked it up immediately.I enjoyed this movie . It presented enough of the book 's content to keep me happy . I realize that a movie which presents the entire book will be much too long , and it 's impossible to translate media anyway without doing violence to SOMEONE 's reading of the original -- `` Traduttore , traditore . '' The screenplay also gave me a different , interesting perspective on the story.I like their moral quandry `` If you could go back in time and kill Hitler , would you ? '' , and then the miraculous saving event -LRB- did n't that happen to some saint or other ? -RRB- . I also thought it was neat that the `` teenage boy with the camera '' -LRB- actor Ramon Estevez -RRB- is , I believe , Martin Sheehan 's grandson .
 Terrific film from the 1980 's , this has the excitement of Stephen King 's typical work , but far less of the violence or mystique . An upbeat , happy teacher -LRB- Christopher Walken -RRB- in love with another at the same school -LRB- Brooke Adams -RRB- is put into a coma after a horrific car accident . The two of them had been close to marriage , making this all the more tragic . The next scene shows him waking up miraculously . But he soon learns that 5 years have passed , and that his fiancee has married another man , believing his coma would be permanent . Somehow , the result of the coma leaves him with a new and upsetting power -- he can sense the past , the present , and the future of others merely by touching them . While he sees this as a curse , he begins to learn that it can be helpful , even to the point of saving lives . Starting as a subplot , the story moves forward with a ruthlessly ambitious American politician -LRB- Martin Sheen -RRB- who has his eyes on the White House . For those who know their history , he is the USA 's Hitler , intending to start a nuclear war after capturing the devotion of the populace by appealing to the jobless and a law and order theme -LRB- just as AH did -RRB- . Walken goes out of his way to shake his hand , and that is when he has the horrific vision that would come true if this dangerous man would be elected . He therefore has a moral dilemna involving what to do . The two stories meld when we discover that his former fiancee is now high up in the politician 's campaign entourage . This all leads to a very satisfying conclusion . Riveting and well done , not at all dated .
 This is just a great movie . Christopher Walken is wonderful as a psychic who can sense the past and the future . He 's enlisted by the police to solve a murder spree . Soon Walken regrets his power and using starts to drain him of his very life . I ` ts just a great suspenseful story . Charlie Sheen , Tom Skerritt , Herbert Lom , and Brooke Adams are all excellent in their roles in addition to Walken 's super performance .
 I just watched it again after * years * and it 's such a great movie ! All the actors -- Watch for Herbert Lom -LRB- Chief Inspector Dreyfus from the Pink Panther movies -RRB- in a straight role . Colleen Dewhurst in a tiny cameo . Christopher Walken is perfect -- he does weird so well . And Martin Sheen as a glad-handing politician . Great story and neat twist at the end . Could n't recommend it more , tho too scary for little ones . One of my favorites .
 I really enjoy this movie , and what a treat to get it delivered in such a timely manner . I was surprised at the swiftness , and the DVD is in perfect condition . I know there are re-runs of this movie , out there , but this particular movie is such a classic . Thanks to Amazon , and all others involved . It was a pleasure !
 Johnny Smith -LRB- Christopher Walken -RRB- has it all , a good job , his youth and a beautiful girlfriend . He loses it one night when he meets a semi-truck in a horrific accident . He is thrown into a coma for five years and miraculously he awakens . The medical staff at the nursing home he is in is stunned as no one expected him to ever recover . He soon finds that he has lost his former life and he is struggling to recover from the injuries and physical deterioration he experienced while in the coma.He discovers that he has a new and unexpected gift , a physic power that allows him to see visions of the past , present and future . While his power can be helpful it is also a burden and a drain on his life force to use it . He often has horrific visions obtained by simply touching someone and must live through them and try to help those that he can . He seeks isolation from others but he is put into a strange situation . What if you could change the future and save the world from destruction ... This is one of the best movie renditions of a Stephen King book . It features an all-star cast that performs with some great acting in playing their roles in this movie . This is one of the movies that is released that is as good as or better than the book that it is based on . This is just a spooky tale of a man trapped into making a decision to save the world . It is a great movie and if you like Stephen King stories it is a must see movie . I strongly recommend this to you !
 This is one of my favorite Stephen King books , which I have read several times and watched the film every chance possible . It was exciting to learn that I could watch the film at my computer with quailty and convenience
 Never read Stephen King 's story but must now I think . I liked this film more now than I did back the first time I watched it . Basically a young high schoolteacher -LRB- Christopher Walken -RRB- falls in love with a fellow teacher -LRB- Brooke Adams -RRB- and plans their wedding . Until a tragic accident rips his life away from him placing him in a coma for five years but is miraculously brought back by the efforts of a specialist . Coming back is not quite as happy as one might expect , as he has something extra now . He can see things past , present and future . Brooke Adams also was in Stephan King 's Sometimes They Come Back .
 This movie in my opinion jumpstarted Christopher Walken 's acting career . I think he made a serious and crucial decision to take this part of Johnny Smith in Stephen King 's novel The Dead Zone . And it paid off very well for him . Christopher Walken in my opinion is a Class AAA actor . I like just about anything Stephen King has wrote and was glad to see this one turned into a movie . And what a great supporting cast to boot . Definitely worth a watch .
 Although Stephen King is a truly great author , there are occasions when his stuff is n't quite magic . This film has two excellent scenes , which raise it above other films , but otherwise it is sadly dated and not as classic as some might suggest.Basically the plot is that Christopher Walken has an accident , goes into a coma , then gains the ability of second sight -LRB- or scrying - the ability to see the future -RRB- . There are interesting elements to the story , such as the eerie inclusion of the book ` Sleepy Hollow ' - which Walken later played theheadless horsemanin , and lots of Edgar Allan Poe poetry -LRB- which is excellent stuff for creating creepy atmospherics -RRB- . Unfortunately though , much of the film does not have much to underpin it or compel repeat viewings and Walken is n't as spell-binding as he later turned out to be inPulp Fiction.That is , until he meets a future candidate for the presidency . This clip has been regularly cited in other media as it is probably the most definitive clip of the ` nutter with his finger on the nuclear button ' . It also shows Martin Sheen in one of his best performances outside ofApocalypse Now.The second clip that is excellent is the ending . Not quite as classic as the Martin Sheen bit , it still has an excellent plot twist which makes it worth sitting through an otherwise run-of-the-mill thriller.All in all then this film is worth watching , but is far from being an outright classic . Still , it has some interesting themes -LRB- which are similar in many ways to those ofTaxi Driver -LSB- 1976 -RSB- -RRB- and it is also well worth watching to see one of Martin Sheen 's best performances.As a final note , if you 're looking for 80 's films in a similar vein to this that are still classics -LRB- in my opinion -RRB- , then I recommend the following two films : First , there isThe Evil Dead -LSB- 1982 -RSB- -LRB- if you have n't seen it , then you should definitely watch it before this -RRB- . Second , there isRe-Animator -LSB- 1985 -RSB- - proof that Stephen King is n't the only author who wrote forgotten masterpieces ...
 I was nervous about ordering the movie online because I had never done so . But once I did , I was pleasantly surprised . I got the order very quickly and without incident . I will order from Amazon again .
 Truly a classic , keeps you on the edge of your seat.Beautifully filmed , I ca n't say enough about this film.Well worth the few dollars and something you 'll want to watch time and again.Comes with behind the scenes details , recent interviews if you 're an enthusiast .
 This is one of Stephen King 's really good movies . Christopher Walken is great . You really do n't know what 's going to happen next . And a great ending .
 One would think that the combination of Stephen King and director David Cronenberg would create a bloody horror film but the result is far from that . They along with the masterful talent of Christopher Walken and a superb cast which includes Martin Sheen , Tom Skerritt , Colleen Dewhurst , Herbert Lom & Brooke Adams have created an eerie tale of premonition and death , not to mention an unforgettable love story . In many ways , this film and `` The Fly '' are probably the most accessible of David Cronenberg 's filmography . I have tried to watch the TV series based on this great movie but for some reason I can not see Anthony Michael Hall as Johnny Smith since Walken made this role his own -LRB- who can forget his monologue to Adams when he returns from his coma ? -RRB- . A superb film that should be released in Blu-ray like `` The Fly '' -- how about it , Paramount ?
 I love everything about this film . The music ... the story ... the setting and environment ... it 's just superb . I do n't know what it is about this movie , but whenever I watch it I find myself both enraptured , and teary-eyed at the same time . I can only imagine what it would be like to be in the same kind of situation . To lose so much in your life due to a freak accident , but in return gain the power of second sight , and then later after you wake up from your coma , trying to get back the life you lost . This film is absolutely masterful . The moment it came out on DVD , you can bet I was one of the first to buy it . Get it , watch it , and see what I mean .
 A special collector 's edition , The Dead Zone is well worth purchasing . Based on one of Stephen King 's earlier novels , it is excitingly fast-paced and entertaining . Christopher Walken is outstanding in the starring role of the psychic who has a gift he would not have asked for , one that in the end proves life-saving on a grand scale . Buy the movie ! You wo n't be sorry .
 Christopher Walken , in one of his finest performances , really made this film great . His acting is superb and the story goes along nicely and always manages to be entralling . I 've loved David Cronenberg 's films ever since I first saw `` the fly '' as a teenager , and this one did not dissapoint . I 'll have to hunt down the rest of his on DVD.One of the best Stephen King based horrors out there . Excellent .
 The Dead Zone is one of the better adaptations of a Stephen King novel . Johnny , a personable school teacher , played by Christopher Walken , is sent into a coma after a horrific car accident . After coming out of the coma he discovers he has psychic `` visions and impressions '' of powerful events in the future , past , or present . The movie deals with the ways he uses his new `` powers '' in a number of vignettes -LRB- solving a murder , preventing an accident , etc. -RRB- . The movie is surprisingly restrained in its depiction of violence considering it was directed by David Cronenberg . The film was produced by Dino de Laurentis , so although Cronenberg has always stayed on the periphery of Hollywood , this movie has more of a `` mainstream '' feel than his previous work . No matter how much his detractors want to throw him in the horror genre gutter , this notorious gore-meister -LRB- Depraved Dave , the Baron of Blood -RRB- proves he is a highly skilled film maker . The movie contains a gruesome suicide , though we only briefly see the after effects , but the movie barely qualifies for its `` R '' rating.The movie may seem a departure for Cronenberg , but it shares an important theme -LRB- as does King 's novel -RRB- with his own film that he wrote and directed
 This was a good movie that could have been longer in that I would have liked to see more of build to Johnny 's decision to kill Stillson . Wilken made you believe in Johnny 's ability and pain . Viewing the movie put into perspective the USA Series that I have come to love .
 This movie is one of a handful of Stephen King stories which translates well on the screen thanks mainly to a wonderful performace by Christopher Walken who is one of my favourite actors . Mr. Walken plays Johnny Smith , a teacher who has a bad car accident while driving home after a date with his girlfriend . Johhny then spends the next 5 years in a coma and awakes to fimnd a new world and his girlfriend hs moved on with her life and has marrid somebody else . However Johnny now finds himself Blessed -LRB- or Cursed depending on how you look at it -RRB- with the gift of Premonition.Johnny soon becomes a celebrity but all he wants to do is be left alone and pick up the pieces of his lost life.This movis does not contain the standrad Stephen King Horor but is wonderful to watch as Johnnny tries to rebuild his life . Bravo Mr. Walken !!!
 When it was released in 1983 , many people thought ` The Dead Zone ' was a sell-out for director David Cronenberg . Up until that point Cronenberg had stayed faithful to his auteur vision , writing and directing all his own films in Canada , each one with a strong concentration on original and spectacular special effects -LRB- usually based around the body -RRB- . ` The Dead Zone ' proved to be unusual for Cronenberg in that he did n't write the script , it was made in the U.S. with mostly American money and it does n't feature his trademark gorey effects . In fact this film is the inverse of the usual Cronenbergian theme of the body rebelling against the mind . As Christopher Walken 's visions become more and more intense , his body ages faster and he moves closer and closer to death.Instead of spine-chilling special effects , most of the terror here is realized through the stength of the actors ' performances . Compared to previous Cronenberg movies the acting here is more interior , more emotional and a deep sense of melancholia prevades throughout.This may have been a conscious choice on behalf of the director whose previous movie ` Videodrome ' was n't such a success at the box office . He wanted to stay within the horror genre he knew but wished to reach a wider audience . What better way to do that than to adapt a story by the self-styled ` Big Mac of literature ' , Stephen King . Many regard ` The Dead Zone ' as the finest cinematic adaption of a Stephen King story.Oh and by the way , did anyone notice that at the beginning of the movie when Walken is teaching his English class he asks them to read ` The Legend Of Sleepy Hollow ' ? He would eventually play the headless horseman in Tim Burton 's version of the tale .
 Dead Zone was an excellent book by Stephen King , but it is just as good on film.The best part of it was Martin Sheen . A far cry from his saintly President in the West Wing , Sheen plays a maniac politician running for US Senate who believes it is his destiny to one day be President . His eerie and frightening Greg Stillson is one of my favorite movie villains of all time , and arguably Sheen 's best character . He alone makes this movie worth watching .
 This film , which I saw when it came out , I have seen countless times since . Having read the glowing reviews below , I really ca n't add much other than to emphasize the haunting beauty of the music by Michael Kamen which adds so much to the emotive power of the film . Like many of the great films in movie history which when released did n't recieve the acclaim they now do , this film will surely go down in movie history as one of the greats.It is a journey of the quiet loner with a gift , a soul who sees truth , suffers repeatedly and pays the ultimate price to benefit others -- beautiful .
 For some reason , The Dead Zone has always been one of my least favorite Stephen King novels , but I have to say this movie adaptation of the novel is first-rate indeed , one of the most underappreciated of all the movies based on the work of the king of horror . The film 's success is due in large part to Christopher Walken ; with a less capable actor filling the role of Johnny Smith , this movie could have turned out as flat as a pancake . Walken , the consummate actor , is mesmerizing here . It 's a complex role to play , as Johnny Smith has not exactly been blessed by the kind hands of fate . When we first meet him , he is a happy English teacher preparing to marry the woman he loves ; a stormy night and a runaway milk tanker later , he wakes up to find that five years have passed , his girl has married someone else , and he is all but incapable of even walking . If you think this is a film about eliminating a politician of great and destructive evil , you 're not even half-right . While that is of course the focus of the concluding minutes , the movie itself is all about Johnny 's struggles to come to terms with his new life , a new life which includes a frightening power to see into the past and future of those whom he physically touches . The first manifestation comes in handy , as he helps save a nurse 's little girl from dying in a fire , but traumatic , soul-draining visions of horror take a lot out of a guy as time moves on.Johnny first comes to terms with his power when he agrees to help the police discover the identity of an elusive serial killer walking the streets of Castle Rock -LRB- which , for some strange reason , is supposedly located in New Hampshire rather than Maine -RRB- . This experience only makes him retreat farther into himself , compelling him to move to another town and try to begin a new life within the comfort of his own protective walls . A traumatic vision concerning one of the students he is tutoring leads him to discover a new aspect of his power , and this discovery comes just in time for him to make a difficult decision as to whether or not to sacrifice his own life in order to prevent a truly cataclysmic event from taking place in the future.David Cronenberg directs this bleak but absorbing film , but do n't expect the kind of gore Cronenberg is famous for , as this is not a gore-mired film by any means -LRB- although the deaths we do witness are pretty satisfyingly presented -RRB- . The Dead Zone is a psychological study of human nature and a suspenseful thriller , not a horror movie per se . Martin Sheen leaves an unforgettable mark on the film with his portrayal of as slimy and dangerous a politician as you would ever want to meet -LRB- and , as a side note , impersonating Elvis Presley 's voice apparently goes over big among New England voters for some reason -RRB- . A lot of care and detail went into the making of The Dead Zone , and it shows . The atmosphere is dark and palpable from start to finish , and Christopher Walken commands the viewer 's rapt attention at all times . There are a number of very moving scenes , particularly in relation to Johnny 's new relationship with his former fianc&eacute;e , so do n't be surprised if Walken coaxes a tear or two out of the corners of your eyes . Many of the early movies based on King novels did not translate to the big screen very effectively , but The Dead Zone is an often overlooked and very impressive exception .
 The Dead Zone is the finest movie adaptation of a Stephen King novel because it captures perfectly the essence of true terror
 In my opinion , this is the best film made from a Stephen King work , but it may be too understated for its own good . I 've visited many Stephen King discussion websites , and `` The Dead Zone '' appears surprisingly rarely in the threads about movies made from King works.One would expect that in a film featuring Christopher Walken and Martin Sheen , Walken would play the villain and Sheen the hero . This film turns that assumption neatly on its head , and it 's a wise choice , too ; for all his talent and oddball appeal , Walken does not have the type of oily charisma needed for Greg Stillson , the character Sheen plays . Sheen , however , does a terrific -LRB- though at times over-the-top -RRB- job of playing a wolf-in-sheep 's - clothing politician , a far cry from the saintly President Bartlett he currently plays on TV 's `` The West Wing . `` Walken 's performance as Johnny Smith -LRB- great name -RRB- is more muted -- although that scene where he smashes the vase and yells `` THE ICE IS GON NA BREAK ! '' never fails to startle me -- and he hits all of the right notes playing a protagonist who is atypically complex for movies , and certainly for `` horror '' movies -LRB- the genre this movie is generally relegated to -RRB- . Smith starts out righteously wounded , then becomes withdrawn and self-pitying , and finally is faced with a Cassandra-like dilemma -LRB- he knows the dreadful future , and also that no one will believe him -RRB- , but unlike Cassandra , he can do something to prevent it , even though it will mean sacrificing himself . With this knowledge , he realizes that what he 'd thought was a curse was really a gift , as he himself says.This film is also atypical for the `` horror '' genre in that it has more than its share of heartbreaking scenes . The scene that is most so , for me anyway , is when Smith tells Sarah -LRB- Brooke Adams , who gives another of the film 's roundly excellent performances -RRB- that he wishes to be like Irving 's Ichabod Crane
 I do not like most Stephen King movies -- but I will have to say this movie is in every way superior to the book . I first viewed this film about fifteen years ago -- I have watched it endless times and always have tears left for the ending . It is one of my favorite movies and I 'm a littlle surprised at that because I tend to like `` larger than life '' films like Schindler 's List , The Godfather , Ben Hur , etc. . It is a subtle masterpiece -- about an extraordinary man with an ordinary name -LRB- John Smith -RRB- . I have loved Christopher Walken since I first saw this film -- he IS John Smith and he makes you feel every emotion of his character . Please , give this gem a chance . It WILL haunt you all your days ...
 First the important stuff out of the way . If you 've seen this movie you know what it 's about and already have probably owned it on DVD . So what 's different here ? Well the transfer is a marked improvement with a sharp looking anamorphic higher definition transfer of the film . It 'll look extremely good on 16x9 widescreen TV 's and even on more conventional -LRB- although not quite with as much a difference -RRB- TV 's . The previous edition of the film was practically bare bones . This edition lacks a commentary from David Cronenberg -LRB- which is a pity as he 's always entertaining in his commentary tracks -RRB- but comes with four terrific featurettes . The first `` Memories from The Dead Zone '' features new interviews with Cronenberg , King expert Douglas Winter , film editor Ronald Sanders and actress Brooke Adams . discussing how they got involved in the film and when they realized what a terrific film they were truly making . `` The Look of The Dead Zone '' focuses on the cinematographer by Mark Irwin and features an interview with him . `` Visions and Horror From The Dead Zone '' again has many participants from the original production and `` The Politics of The Dead Zone '' also features a vintage interview with Sheen discussing the film . Unfortunately Christopher Walken is curiously MIA but everyone else does make up for the actor 's absence with insightful comments on the film and why it continues to resonate . I do n't think the TV series would have taken off as well as it did if Cronenberg and Boam had n't made such a terrific movie in the first place.The film looks good and while there are some mild digital artifacts that occasionally mar the picture the film has n't ever looked this good on home video . Definitely worth the upgrade for that by itself.What follows are two paragraphs about the making of the film and the plot but if you 've seen it you probably know this stuff and can skip the rest.After doing `` Videodrome '' David Cronenberg was looking for a film where he did n't have to write the project . He was exhausted from the involvement of that cult classic . When he met the late Debra Hill -LRB- via their mutual friend and Hill 's long time collaborator John Carpenter -RRB- the late Jeffrey Boam -LRB- `` Indiana Jones and The Last Crusade '' , co-creator/writer/producer of `` The Adventures of Brisco County Jr. '' -RRB- had penned a terrific script that perfectly captured the feeling of King 's book -LRB- Cronenberg comments in one of the extras that the best way to `` remain faithful to the book is to betray it ... because you 're dealing with two completely different mediums '' and one can see his point -RRB- . The late Michael Kamen 's wonderful score sounds terrific here -LRB- I would have loved an isolated score to appreciate the music that much more but perhaps in the next incarnation of the film -RRB- . The cold , icy look of the film is nicely realized in this sharp looking transfer . The film does show its age but looks quite good overall.Highly recommended . ** Spoilers ahead ** Johnny Smith -LRB- Walken -RRB- seems to have it all -- he loves teaching the kids at his school and is engaged to be married to another teacher -LRB- Adams -RRB- . The future dims for Smith when he 's in a horrible car accident and a subsequent coma for 5 years . The world has moved on but Johnny has n't . When he awakens from his coma he finds he has the ability of `` second sight '' , i.e. , he can see the possible future and past just by touching people or items they 've handled . The police pull him into an investigation of a serial killer and he gains a bit of fame from it but that second sight shows him a potential disaster -- Greg Stillson -LRB- Martin Sheen in a terrific polar opposite performance to his later one as the President in `` The West Wing '' -RRB- . Stillson is n't just dangerous but evil . Smith sees that Stillson will initiate a nuclear holocaust . Johnny knows he 's the only one that can stop him .
 I loved this movie for a lot of reasons : One , Christopher Walken gets to play a very sympathetic character and really makes it work . Even when Walken is playing a total maniac , you still like the guy.Two , this is probably the best adaption of a Stephen King book to hit the screen . ` SALEM 'S LOT was a TV movie that looked like a TV movie , and THE SHINING was the best-looking but least-scariest horror film ever . The rest are just a mess . Ironically , the worst screenplay adaption was , in my opinion , done by Mr. King himself
 This has to be one of the most over-looked adaptations of any Stephen King book -LRB- And there have been a few stinkers ! -RRB- Told at a leisurely pace initially , the film allows the tension to build , and features one of the best performances of Christopher Walken 's career . He plays the central character in the story , with a haunted and understated performance that allows you to empathise with , and pity the agonies his character has to endure . There are strong performances all round , with director Cronenberg keeping a close rein on all his performers , with the exception of Martin Sheen who has to play his character as ` barking ' in a few key scenes . The film is shot with a minimalist style right through , and even the music beautifully evokes the impending sense of tragedy that we can all feel coming . I remember seeing the film for the first time nearly fifteen years ago , and I had n't read the book . Today , shock endings are almost expected , with ` The Sixth Sense ' being one of the most notable examples . The ending to this film still leaves me tingling , as it did when I first saw it all those years ago . I just did n't see it coming , and it remains to me one of the most poignant bittersweet endings in cinema . I was delighted when this film was released onto DVD , as my old VHS copy was getting a tad grainy . Now I can watch one of my favourite all-time movies over and over with no deterioration in picture or sound quality . This film is one of those little gems that tend to lie undiscovered in the video store , with most patrons passing it over as ` just another Stephen King movie . ' It is n't . This is probably cleverer than ` The Sixth Sense ' -LRB- Where I always felt the ending owed more to the ending in James Herbert 's ` The Survivor ' than anything else - I actually guessed the ending before seeing the film ! -RRB- and definitely more heart-breaking . If the climax of this film does n't leave you moved , then you have no soul ! Rent it , buy it or borrow it , but see it you must !
 John Smith -LRB- Walken -RRB- leads a humble , but fulfilling life as a teacher , has a sweet girlfriend and an all around normal life until , in his words
 David Cronenberg directs the Stephen King novel about a man who awakes from a coma with a life draining ability to see future tragedies when making contact with people . He also finds he can change these morbid outcomes . The screenplay -LRB- not written by Cronenberg or King -RRB- remains the films only real flaw besides some questionable supporting cast members . The novel is not a book that would make a perfect story to tell on film so the screenplay sort of stays in the shallow end and spits forth each episode that our hero Johnny Smith expereinces one at a time and without the level of understanding and depth King 's book has . That is not to say The Dead Zone is n't a good movie . It 's actually a very good movie.The film remains a semi-classic in the suspense genre . Cronenberg has a way of handling scenes that is very European despite lacking the technical skills of his peers . He can give the actors very specific emotional direction and tell so much with using little or no dialogue . This helps the screenplay because it only offers some flashes of great dialogue . Cronenberg loves taking on films that lack certain aspects and giving them depth in places you never thought could have it . He is a unique force in independant films and earns his stars among the mainstream fans with this film . Martin Sheen surprisingly gives a solid performance here as well . He plays a crooked politician bent on gaining the presidency and earns our hatred quickly . He is actually quite remarkable here.O.K. , now it 's time to play favorites . Johnny Smith is played by one of the most identifiable actors of all time . The greatest character and supporting acting of all time in my eyes and here we see him in a rare feature role . He is Christopher Walken and with all the imitations of his wild talk and bizarre off-screen shenanigans aside , he is quite simply an amazing actor . He takes his role very seriously here and turns the film from mediocrity into a very good movie . He takes the character for what readers may have loved about him and that is that he is your every day guy who happened upon some very usual and at times deeply sad circumstances ... it just was n't in the cards or it was n't meant to be like Smith 's Doctor felt . For those who read the novel you 'll see subtle references to some of the more robust thinking in the story but never quite enough . There is an underlying message in the film that I really wish was n't somewhat lost among the communication of the screenplay and the direction . King 's novel touches on these things tremendously well and makes us question fate and wonder if time and death is really just so one-dimensional . The film makes you think if you want it to , but not like the novel which is truly one of King 's greatest . I honestly believe Walken may have been the only guy on the set who understood this about the story.If you are looking for a film full of suspense and several exciting climaxes and you like Christopher Walken , then I highly recommend The Dead Zone ... but keep in mind that so few King novels have been done real justice with a film and where this is probably not one of them it remains a very good movie . It is n't quite Carrie or The Shining but it is still very good .
 I 've never been a fan of Stephen King 's books or movies adapted from his stories , but I have to admit I really enjoyed this film . Almost 20 years after it was released , it 's still very powerful , and the reasons are multifold.I 'm a big Christopher Walken fan , and in this film , he hits every emotion available right on the nose -- sympathy for his character , fear of human contact -LRB- and the lack of it -RRB- , disability , weariness ... he does it all splendidly , and straighter than most of his other film roles.If that was n't enough , check out Martin Sheen -LRB- now ironically playing the president in `` The West Wing '' -RRB- thoroughly enjoying himself as a complete lunatic presidential candidate.The pace of the film is it 's greatest strength ; it never sacrifices believeability for garishness , and ends on a fitting note , remaining as true to the book as is possible for a movie . It 's suspenseful , entertaining , and most of all , fresh . Many movies since then have used elements of it , and for good reason ; it 's solid filmmaking .
 Exciting adaptation of the Stephen King novel . It turns around a man who uses physic powers to solve multiple murderers and perhaps avoiding the end of the world . Christopher Walken as always , perfect for the role . Cronenberg once more in one of his most challenging works , but he wins all the way . Notice this is a little crossroad of The Green Mile fifteen years after .
 `` The Dead Zone '' is that rare creature , a Stephen King adaptation that gets everything right . It 's not `` scary '' per se , but then again , most of King 's best work focuses on the human aspects of a story rather than the supernatural.Walken gives a strong , controlled performance as Johnny Smith , an everyman who wakes up from a 5-year coma blessed with the gift of second sight , a gift he sees as more of a curse . While he struggles with the question of how to handle this gift , he pines away for the love of his life , a woman who married another man in his absence . But when he catches a glimpse of the frightening ambitions of a local senatorial candidate , he ca n't just sit around anymore ; he knows what he must do ... This movie rides a strong wave of emotion throughout Johnny 's journey . In fact , it 's fair to say that the movie winds up being downright depressing . But it 's also impossible to turn away from . Once you 're hooked on Johnny 's dilemmas , you will follow him anywhere -LRB- which is probably why someone thought it would make a good TV show -RRB- . He takes a fascinating , disturbing trip full of questions regarding personal responsibility , the pros and cons of being a one-man freak show , and , most poignantly , a love that just was n't meant to be.You will enjoy this movie . Just keep the hankies handy .
 A truely scary film . Christopher Walkin plays the main character ` Johny ' with panache . This film was a good adaption of The Stephen King book and manages to keep the audience spell bound through out . Martin Sheen plays the potential future president chillingly and overall worthy of a 5 star rating .
 This movie is one of our favorite movies . We thought the acting was excellent . The plot kept us involved . The mood created by the director is dark without being depressing . Every time we watch it , we see nuances that we missed before . We do n't typically enjoy R-rated movies , because the violence and sex are usually a cover-up for lack of plot . -LRB- There is definitely both violence and sex in this movie , it is not for children . -RRB- It is one of the few movies my husband has enjoyed seeing more than once .
 Although not my favorite Stephen King story , it is my favorite movie adaptation of a Stephen King story . Quite a few changes to the original book were made , but they appear to be changes for the better.What makes this movie adaptation work so well is actor Christopher Walken as Johnny Smith . His portrayal of Johnny Smith is excellent . The visions of past , present and future that Johnny Smith is able to see after being in a coma for 5 years are so convincing , mainly because Christopher Walken acts with such intensity that while watching the movie , you really believe that he is indeed a tormented soul . When searching for the town mass murderer with the local sherriff , after having a riveting extra sensory vision of who the killer was and what happened to the latest murder victim , he tells the sherriff `` I was there , I saw his face , I did nothing ! `` Unfortunately , the DVD packaging is n't much . Only a movie preview is included with the DVD , and that 's all . It would be interesting if this movie had behind the scenes commentary of some kind .
 The Dead Zone is the first time I have viewed a motion picture that was better then the novel-far better . The music and the photograpy built a haunting atmosphere with a touch of sadness.All the characters in the film were outstanding , but the key to the story was Chris Walken 's performance . Until he played this role , I had never visualized how a magical gift that helps others could become a curse.Two visuals in the film made me appreciate the creativity of Chrononbergs work and demonstrated the power of film over words .1 . The moment Walken touches someone hand and the impact of the vision becomes viseral and physical .2 . The scene where Walken views the crime on the gazebo . The fact that he can see the crime unfold but can not stop it is almost painful but exhilerating to watch for it 's mastery.Last , but not least , the scene where Walken confronts Colleen Duhurst with the word `` You Knew '' is stunning.I never get tired this masterpiece and Walken 's performance .
 I have seen The Dead Zone countless times , and each time is does n't cease to move me . It 's truly a great story converted beautifully to the screen by David Cronenberg . Christopher Walkens performance is amazing , and undoubtedly he would have picked up numerous awards had it been made today . I 've been checking for quite some time for it 's DVD release , and at last it 's here . For once I 'm not really concerned with the extras the disc contains , surely that is the sign of a great film ?
 This is Christopher Walken at his best ! Both he and Brook Adams are captivating . The only real love story Stephen King has written.If you liked Deloris Clairborne you 'll probably like this .
 The Dead Zone is a film that is nearly flawless . Based on a Stephen King novel , this film stands out with Delores Claiborne and The Shining as my three personal favorites . It contains solid , convincing acting from all the main characters , a plot that keeps the viewer involved from start to finish , and a number of individual scenes that are remarkable , if not heartbreaking.The movie is about a teacher , Johnny Smith -LRB- played by Christopher Walken -RRB- who is involved in a near-fatal car wreck that leaves him in a coma for five years . After he wakes up , he learns that his fiancee left him for another man , he 's lost his job , and most importantly , he 's gained the power of second sight
 Christopher Walken 's excellent portrayal of the troubled Johnny Smith , who develops psychic abilities after recovering from a five year coma . He 's able to see the future -LRB- as well as trace back to the past of a crime scene -RRB- of certain events , and takes measures into his own hands to stop the tragic circumstances before they occur . Martin Sheen plays the ruthless and unscrupulous politician , Greg Stillson ; with his future sights on The White House in mind . This does n't escape Johnny , who must stop Stillson from leading the World into an Apocalyptic future event.There are some heart-breaking scenes -LRB- one hint
 Not much to say . Good story , Christopher Walken is awesome , great ending , not too much gore.Four more words are required ...
 Christopher Walken in a Stephen King tale , can it get any better ?!! I 'm a fan of both and I ordered it because of that .
 One great movie from Stephen King . This is the original.Even Netflix considers it a hot movie & is still replayed on the cable channels.Later a second movie & a hit TV series .
 Christopher Walken at his best or close to it . Stephen King at close to his best . Well done solid performance , really good screen play . Rivals Here 's Johnny ????
 This story is Stephen King at his best . Performances by then unknown Christopher Walken and Tom Skerritt make this a winner . Scary as hell .
 I love this movie I remember seeing this years ago and it took me some time to find a copy I like Christopher Walken & love Stephen King movies
 I had seen the movie when I was a teenager in the 80 's with my family , but for some reason , had a strong craving to see the movie again , present day.I guess I had an interest in seeing this again because I have a renewed interest in psychic phenomena . I have had some experiences lately , that have been brought to me by someone close to me , and so I believe that these sorts of things can indeed happen.But getting back to the movie . This movie is absolutely amazing , and is a great performance by Christopher Walken , Brooke Adams -LRB- who plays Walken 's love interest in the film -RRB- , and Tom Skeritt , just to name a few of the major characters in the film.In case some of you are n't familiar with the story , Christopher Walken 's character -- Johnny Smith , is a schoolteacher in a tiny town in New England . One rainy Friday night , he is driving home from his friend , and fellow schoolteacher 's house -LRB- Sarah Bracknell , played by Brooke Adams -RRB- He is involved in a terrible car accident with an 18-wheeler truck , and the accident puts him into a coma for &#34; 5 long years &#34; , to use his mother 's words.When he awakens from the coma , he is shortly startled to find out that he has the amazing ability to know what is going on in a person 's life just by having physical contact with the person -LRB- holding their hand , hugging them , etc. -RRB- He can tell the past , present , and the future of the person -- just by doing that.The first time he does this , he reaches up and touches the hand of a nurse tending to him in the hospital -LRB- the one he was in during , and after awakening from the coma -RRB- . He has a very like-like vision of her daughter being in trouble because there is a fire in the nurse 's home.Johnny tells the nurse to run and take care of her daughter , that there is still time to save her from the fire . The nurse runs home and finds that Johnny 's vision was spot-on accurate.His psychic abilities continue and intensify as the story develops . While he was in the coma , a serial killer in Johnny 's town is murdering numerous women , in very grisly sorts of ways . The town sheriff -LRB- played by Tom Skeritt -RRB- is frustrated and baffled by these occurrences , especially since he does n't have a clue as to who is doing the murders.The sheriff eventually pays a visit to Johnny 's home , to try to use his psychic ability to help him solve the murders . Johnny is very reluctant to help him at first , thinking his power is more of a &#34; curse &#34; than a blessing , but eventually decides to help him.Johnny is eventually taken to one of the scenes where a woman was recently murdered , and he holds a piece of her clothing or something and can visualize exactly what happened during the crime , as well as who murdered her!Turns out it is the sheriff 's deputy that had been committing the murders , all along!Anyway , I guess I wo n't continue to spoil it for those that maybe have n't seen it.But I thought it was an excellent , excellent film , and I would pay again to see it , I liked it so much.My favorite line in the whole movie -LRB- which I still remember clearly from nearly 30 years ago -RRB- is when Christopher Walken says , &#34; The ICE is gon na BREAK ! &#34; You 'll have to see the film if you have n't already , to know what I 'm talking about there ! Extremely powerful scene!Great , great film , and had I given any thought to rating it when I was a kid , I would have given it 5 stars , and I will do the same for today , as well.As far as the technical aspects go of viewing it through Amazon 's &#34; instant video &#34; program , it was just fine . Picture came through my computer clearly , and the volume was just fine . You can also rewind to a certain scene , or fast forward to it , as well . That takes a little bit of time . But it still works.Thanks for reading , folks . I have bought quite a few things from Amazon.com over the years , but I do n't always get around to reviewing them.Watch the film . I 'm sure you 'll like it . : - -RRB-
 I just watched this film again for the first time since it was new . I had forgotten how well and easily this film fits into the Cronenberg canon . Both Stephen King and viewers of the film are in very good hands with Cronenberg .
 Love this movie . True adaptation of the book . Characters are well played by Christopher Walken and Brook Adams . Martin Sheen is downright scary . Was thrilled to find it on Amazon at a very affordable price and Super Saver eligible .
 OK , so this is a VERY dated movie ! But it 's a great Stephen King story , and you just ca n't go wrong with the excellent cast of Christopher Walken , Tom Skerritt , and Martin Sheen -LRB- who does `` over the top '' so well -RRB- . If you can look past the older technology and just keep your eye on the cast and story , you 'll have a grand old time !
 This is William E. O'Bryant once again . I wanted to add some other comments about this film , but Amazon only allows one comment per customer . Anyway , this is what I wanted to add : I also wanted to say that this movie is in essence , about God . It 's about Him seeing all , and knowing all . The past , present , and future . It 's about Him choosing a man in the right position and then giving him the power of second sight , to not only save the world , but to also help those around him in the process . In the end , this story is about the Love of God , and the hand that He Himself must put in , in order to save humanity from itself . As far as I 'm concerned , this film is my favorite out of the 900 odd DVD 's that I currently own . My only wish is to go back in time and to be on the crew of this film . I would have loved to help in any way that I could in its creation . Thank you Stephen , for this vision . It is much appreciated .
 This movie is a great story of tragedy . A man with foresight helps people , many of whom do not appreciate it and often to his own detriment both physicaly and mentaly . In the end he is faced with a grave vision of the future , a hard choice of what to do and how much will he sacrifice.This part was made for Christopher Walken.This is not a horror movie it is more sci-fi drama .
 Christopher Walken has made a career out of taking those oddball , quirky , edgy roles . Never satisfied with the easy path , he , like Harvey Keitel , takes the tricky , adventurous over the safe and sometimes more profitable parts . He often plays the role of a strange , eerie , kind of nutcase character . Always he seems to be stretching his acting muscles and evolving as an actor.The book is part of the prolific Stephen King 's franchise . In `` The Dead Zone , '' The lead character , Walken as Johnny , spends five years in a coma , and comes out of it with psychic powers . Because he can see into the past and future , and see events taking place elsewhere in the present , he is able to save lives , snare a serial killer , smoke our evildoers , and prevent catastrophes . He learns that he can not only foretell the future but change it . Almost like a comic book super hero.Herbert Lom is very good as Johnny 's doctor . Walken gives an intense performance . Somehow the movie has a low budget feel to it , or could it be downscale production values ? The movie is not from one of King 's horror books and benefits from this fact . It deals not so much with the supernatural but the paranormal powers of a sad , believable , realistic person . It 's a movie to while away some time with . There is nothing brain-wrenching here .
 I saw the Dead Zone many years ago and was a movie I wanted in my collection . The movie , an early David Cronenberg venture , is one of those that makes you think , what would I do if I was in the same situation ? A moderately strong story with good acting especially by Christopher Walken in the lead role . Throughly enjoyable and one you should see at least once if not twice .
 Even though this is an older movie , it is a good one . This is just one of Stephen Kings better movies . Sometimes the movie does not do the book justice however this one is pretty close .
 The Dead Zone -LRB- Special Collector 's Edition -RRB- This movie is going out of print and the only place that I could find it is on Amazon.com . This is the best version and is not the series on TV , which was based on this movie.Christopher Walken plays the heck out of this movie . After a near death accident , and 5 years in a coma , he is given powers to see things that has happened in the past and that which may happen in the future.His visions saves a girl from burning in a fire , is able to help his doctor contact his mother who he thought was dead in WW II , help the police find a serial killer , and is able to prevent a boy he is tutoring from going ice skating which would have led to his death by falling through the ice.The age old question is can a person with these kind of powers intervene into history to change it ? The big test comes when Walken decides to use his powers to stop a candidate for the Presidency who is seen as one day going to push the nuclear button . Walken gets these visions by holding a person 's hand or from some other bodily contact . Each time he uses his powers , life drains from his ever weakening body.Walken plays the heck out the scenes in which he goes into his visions . A collector 's must for I never really see this movie ever being played on TV .
 Teacher Johnny Smith -LRB- Christopher Walken -RRB- had a good life until he gets into a car accident , luckily he survives and wakes up from a coma after 5 years . He discovers that he now has a special power to see people 's futures.A fascinating and well acted sci-fi horror thriller based on a novel by Stephen King and directed by David Cronenberg -LRB- `` Scanners '' , `` Videodrome '' , `` The Fly '' , `` A History of Violence '' -RRB- with producer Debra Hill -LRB- `` Halloween '' , `` Escape from New York '' -RRB- . This cerebral and stylish thriller also co-stars Martin Sheen as a future senator and Tom Skerritt , the film is one of the better Stephen King adaptations if not one of the best.This Collector 's Edition DVD has good picture and sound with extras like four featurettes and a theatrical trailer , it 's one of Cronenberg 's finest movies and worth owning if your into sci-fi and horror.Also recommended
 I am used to Stephen King 's work being horror stories . It was surprising for me to discover that this was not a horror story , but a thriller . I will not describe the story for the fear of revealing the plot . One thing I will say is that the description on the reverse of the package concentrates too much on the particulars of what happens to an individual and totally neglects the bigger implication - that this is Stephen King 's thought experiment of what would happen if a person possessed a power that most other people do not possess - of the particular power of seeing the future , the past or the present - but elsewhere . What kinds of possibilities are opened for such a person ? How would the society and individuals interpret his actions ? This is , indeed , a thought experiment in sociology of ESP . I enjoyed this movie and was surprised .
 The Dead Zone , in my estimation , represents Stephen King at his best.It is an absolutely chilling story of psychic phemomena centeringaround a man , Christopher Walken , who can not only see the futurebut in some instances can change it . It is Walken 's best work andalmost on par with his performance in the Deerhunter.Martin Sheen is also quite excellent as a meglomaniac senatorwho would become President and literally end the world by placinghis finger on the button and enabling nuclear holocaust to ensue.Many similarities may be drawn to our current leader Mr. Bush.The film was shot in 1983 . It is now 2007 . Stephen Kingsurely had tremendous insight into the future .
 Probably the best King adaptation -LRB- in terms of accuracy , though John Carpenter 's `` Christine '' is my favorite king film overall -RRB- . -LRB- I do n't really like King much overall , but this book , his -LSB- to me -RSB- least typical , caught and held me from the beginning , and the film the same . -RRB- Some minor changes are perfectly acceptable , given that film and books are two different mediums , and what works in one might look silly in the other , or what plays well might read ludicrously , but the spirit and narrative drive of King 's thriller are perfectly maintained . -LRB- The scenes showing his vision of the fire , with melting crayons and a boiling fish bowl , are appropriately apocalyptic . -RRB- One change i do regret , though i can understand why it was probably done , results in the elimination of the book 's two page cameo appearance by Tom Fury , the lightning-rod salesman from Bradbury 's `` Something Wicked This Way Comes '' . -LRB- Wonder how many people i just sent back to the book to look for that , heh . -RRB- And the dilemma Johnny faces , unable to explain to anyone else what he has seen , wondering whether to take direct action to prevent the ultimate disaster he has seen that follows Greg Stillson 's election as President , knowing that he may be hallucinating , makes for admirable tension and suspense .
 This film is a good adaption of King 's `` Deadzone . '' It is a good film but not great . It is about Johnny emerging from a 5-year-long coma with extraordinary psychic powers allowing him to see visions in the past , present and future . With these powers Johnny gets an opportunity to save the world from a nuclear exchange and takes that opportunity at the cost of his own life . Martin Sheen is convincing as a psychotic Senate hopeful aspiring to be the President of the USA .
 A unforgettable film next to CARRIE & SALEM ` S LOT this is another of Stephen King ` s mesmerizing novels adapted to the screen thanks mostley to the landmark performance of Christopher Walken . His chracter Johnny Smith , a school teacher who after survivng a fatal car crash inherits the ability to foresee the future . Outstanding performence from Walken Along with THE DEER HUNTER & THE DOGS OF WAR this is another classic from Christopher Walken . A horror film with this magnitude and the abillty to place a chill in your soul is something of a lost art nowadays with today ` s unappealing and unoriginal Horror films .
 Great film , of course , but who are they kidding with this cover art ? Could it look any worse ? Hopefully the extras will make up for it .
 The 1983 theatrical version of `` The Dead Zone '' directed by David Cronenberg is probably the most disappointing film adaptation of a Stephen King novel that I have seen , mainly because I had such heightened expectations . The novel was one of my favorite King novels and the only one that I have taught in class a couple of times -LRB- for quite different reasons -RRB- and when I first saw this film I knew exactly what went wrong . This will surprise a lot of you , but I thought casting Christopher Walken as Johnny Smith was a big mistake . I seem to remember somebody calling Walken the King of Weird -LRB- or maybe it was Prince -RRB- and when you take a weird guy like Walken and give him a weird power , such as psychic ability , it is just too weird . One of the reasons the character has the name that he has is because it was important to the story that the person that this happens to is basically an ordinary guy . Casting Walken , who is a remarkable actor , simply throws this idea away.Beyond the lead we are talking about a pretty good supporting cast , with Martin Sheen doing dark side political candidate Greg Stillson , and `` Ice Castle '' stars Tom Skerritt and Colleen Dewhurst reunited as Sheriff Bannerman and Henrietta Dodd . But I think a lot of the other casting is a bit off too , with Herbert Lom as Sam Weizak and Anthony Zerbe as Roger Stuart , so I get the feeling Cronenberg was trying to do something on purpose here . Certainly you can argue it provides a sense of uneasy because so many people are trying to play against type.Believe me , I know this is the minority opinion on this film , but this film just falls short for me . Jeffrey Boam 's script comes up with some cinematic ways of presenting Johnny 's visions that works well -LRB- and which has been exploited to great visual effects in the USA television series version of `` The Dead Zone '' -RRB- . The film does not emphasize the logic of the string of situations that convince Johnny that he can change the future and do something about Stilson the way the novel does , but again that might just be my heightened sensitivity to what I consider the strength of King 's novel.The best part of the film is the entire Castle Rock episode , with Johnny helping the skeptical but desperate Bannerman to end the killings in his town . Of course , this episode is helped by this being the one with Skerritt and Dewhurst . The weakest part is the bit with saving young Chris Stuart , because it jettisons the great bit in the book in favor of going back and replacing it with a variation on Johnny 's childhood accident . That alteration seemed hardly worth the effort . However , read the book , watch the movie , and check out the television series so you can make up your own mind . Certainly you should find a couple of these versions of the story to your liking .
 Hulk Hogan will leave you in stitches as you watch Suburban Commando.The Hulkster plays Shep Ramsey , an interstellar hero , who fights space villians . His ship is damaged after a fight with an interstellar nasty and he must hide out on Earth until it can recharge . So he moves in with Christopher Lloyd 's suburban family.Christopher Lloyd plays a timid little man who is pushed around by everyone . The Hulkster teaches his to pray , eat his vitamins , and stand up for himself.The jokes in this flick are so funny ! I was laughing so hard that I passed out . The scene where the car alarm is afraid of Hulk Hogan is outrageously funny . That scene works on so many levels ! You 'll lose control when you see it . Also , the scene with the mime is uproarious!In short , this is another Hulk Hogan masterpiece . You have to watch it .
 This movie ROCKS , it 's about space commando guy Hulk Hogan who goes on vacation to Earth . While the Hulkster is getting himself in all kinds of funny situations he does n't know that the space bad guys are secretly tracking him down !! Then the bad guys come to Earth and there 's a thrilling showdown.Hogan should have won an Oscar for his role in this masterpiece . There are some classic lines in this movie like `` Give it up Dragos , GIVE IT UP !! '' and `` what is this , tag team ?!? '' . And who could forget `` ANTIFREEZE !!! '' . Bottom line is that this is a great movie .
 My 12 year old nephew saw this movie recently and absolutely loved it . He had no idea who Hulk Hogan is and I do n't think he 's even aware there 's a Wrestlemania phenomenon -LRB- or whatever it 's called -RRB- . But he thought the jokes , gags , and situations were pretty darn funny.If you look at the reviews , you 'll see that the only bad ones come from stuffy , crotchety old adults . There is n't a single kid in the known universe who wo n't like this movie . Kids know this movie is cool ! If you want something to entertain a party of kids , this is it . -LRB- Be warned
 Hulk Hogan 's previous acting endeavors like `` No Holds Barred '' and a guest appearance on `` The A-Team '' , not to mention his cameo in the beginning of `` Rocky 3 '' do not even begin to prepare you for this piece of celluloid gold . Hogan plays a space commando who must take residence in - not the urban area - but - the suburban area , hence the title . Was my usage of hyphens there correct ? END
 Not only does this movie feature Hulk Hogan , but it also features Mark Calaway -LRB- The Undertaker -RRB- as Hutch , one of the bounty hunters . The plot is terrrible , the characters are a bit dull , but you 'll find the movie itself is absolutely hilarious . I never thought I 'd see the Undertaker in a movie as goofy as this one !
 Just like when i was younger . Shep ramsey to save the day great movie wish it was longer bur still as good as i remember
 This movie came about at the end of hulkomania and brings back fond memories of childhood . These movies are not so much about the acting but the world it can paint .
 This is one of his best moves that had me laughing through out . Not so many movies by him have a theme ,
 So i saw this movie back in 1991 and it was good fun . Now what i did not expect was to experience that same good fun 20 years on . Usually you tend to get these old movies because of that good ole sentimental memory thingie . And so i did not have my hopes up . . but i was totally wrong :--RRB- This movie is great fun and may only be undermined by my cheap old zone 1 dvd player wich i presume was the reason i got some flimsy pictures in some sequences , so if you have a really cheap dvd player you may experience some minor issues ... maybe . . i mean that ` s better than dissing the movie quality right ?! Would n`t wan na piss of Hulkster even though he ` s gettn old , haha . One little last remark , the white dvd cover looks cool and feels like real quality . You just can tell when you hold it in your hands . By the power of Greyskull !
 Hulk Hogan plays as the main guy he is an alien from another world coming to earth for vacation . but what happens on his vacation he end up being a hero . i like this movie .
 I love this movie . Like the famous commercial for Gillette Right Guard deodorant -LRB- `` Anything else would be uncivilized ! '' -RRB- , it shows Hulk Hogan 's sweet side . I recently read the final chapters of Hogan 's biography , `` My Life Outside the Ring , '' and found my suspicions about his real nature were delightfully confirmed . After a very difficult life involving a painful marriage , divorce , lawsuit , and vilification by a drooling press -LRB- CNN played an especially nasty role -RRB- , the Hulkster emerged with a new , positive attitude - his inner goodness triumphed . It 's an impressive , inspiring book , by the way . Where was I ? Oh yes , Suburban Commando shows the funny , irrepressibly upbeat , life-loving side of Hogan . Whether he 's rescuing a kitten from a tree , dealing with white-trash neighbors and their boat , or fighting interspace bounty hunters , it 's all done with humor and a wonderfully cheerful , tongue-in-cheek spirit . A classic of the big guy as likeable nice guy genre -LRB- e.g. , Arnold 's `` Kindergarten Copy '' -RRB- .
 I saw this movie at the theatre when it was new and being such a huge wrestling fan it was exiting just to see any wrestler on the `` big screen . '' This is probably the best of Hogan 's movies . I know that 's not saying much and while this will never be confused with Oscar material it can still be an enjoyable movie .
 Hulk Hogan , `` Hollywood '' Hogan if you will , shows that his tallents in the professional wrestling ring are n't the only tallents he has as he puts together a fantastic preformance as an Allien who comes to earth and is being chased by Bounty Hunters from another planet . It 's a good story like and a good acting job which leads me to say that this video is a must see !
 If you love Hulk Hogan and you love bad movies , you will love Suburban Commando . This movie is so cheesy that it really makes for a great time.Basically Hogan 's character is from space and cruises around in a space ship but ends up crashing into Earth while some evil guys are chasing him . Eventually the bad guys show up and cheese gets laid on so thick that it is hard to hold a straight face through even the simplest of scenes .
 Any body who does not Hogan or wrestling , then they dissmiss this movie , and anything any other wrestler has ever made ... . or they dont like the fact that this is a fammilly action/comedy movie , and not a kick ass , bad boy , blow up the bad guy and be a man kind of thing ?! This is my fav movie that Hogan has made . It kind of spoofs Star Wars in a way in the begining . I kind of describe the movie as `` what if someone from Star Wars came to Earth for a vacation ? `` Hogan plays a space warrior who is informed to take a vacation after a battle . He comes to Earth to recharge his ship and blend in for a little while , he gets to know the locals , and becomes almost part of Charlie Wilcocks family -LRB- Christopher Lyodd -RRB- while beeing persued by a couple of intergalctic bounty hunters . One of which is Mark Calaway , a wrestler known as The Undertaker . Also starring Shelly Deval , and the funny Larry Miller . This is a fammily action/comedy movie . So if your into a pure action movie , give this one a skip . But if you want a movie of this calibur , then check it out , its a great price for such a DVD ... . tho im disapointed that it dosent come with any Deleted Scenes , or any bonus features apart from a trailer and a game where you see a picture and then guess which movie it is from , and try to get 10 out of 10 ... . its a great deal on a pretty good movie ! Only Hogan haters , or people expecting it to be more adult will say bad things about it i think ? It has some great laughs for a fammily night in .
 I was sooo glad to see this action/comedy/sci-fi on dvd . I hav n't seen it since I was a tot , so I did n't remeber most of the gags.It 's about a man named Shep Ramsey who is a humaniod and hates earthlings . His ship crahses on earth , so he takes a vavcation . Soon , he moves in with a man played by Christopher Lloyd who is extremly smart , but gets pushed around by his boss , his neighbors , an old lady in a sports car , and anyone he meets . So , Shep moves in and then bounty hunters come and take over the world . Or try to . Shep and -LRB- Christopher Lloyd 's charecter name here -RRB- stop them and the earth is svaed.This movie is hilarious , awesome and cool . The action is non-stop all the way from beginning to end . The sci-fi speical effects , well , hey cut them a break , for 1991 they were soooo cool . And constant expolsions . And the comedy is hilarious . My favorite gag was the car alarm gag.Car alarm
 YEAH , THAT 'S RIGHT . I SAID IT . THIS IS THE BEST MOVIE HULK HOGAN HAS EVER DONE . THIS EVEN TOPS '' NO HOLDS BARRED '' ! AN OUT OF SPACE ENFORCER -LSB- HULK HOGAN -RSB- LANDS ON EARTH TO TAKE A BREAK FROM HIS ADVENTURES . BUT , TWO BOUNTY HUNTERS ARE ON HIS TRAIL . IT 'S HILLARIOUS AND IT HAS SOME GOOD SPECIAL EFFECTS . UNDERTAKER PLAYS ONE OF THE BOUNTY HUNTERS , IN CASE YOU DID N'T ALREADY KNOW . THIS IS A GOOD MOVIE FOR HOGAN FANS -LSB- LIKE MYSELF -RSB- AND EVEN MAKES A GREAT FAMILY FILM .
 Movie starts out in what seems to be a corny star wars rip off but then gets hilarious . I was really skeptical after the first 10 minutes but by the end I was hooked . My roomate even rewinded it at some parts they were so funny . This is a definite must see .
 When i was a little lad I seen this movie in 91 and I loved it ever since . Hulk Hogan -LRB- Terry Bollea -RRB- is one of the greatest Icons in the Wrestling ring and in movies . Christopher lloyd is great as the father who takes in Hogan as a boarder . and you may reconise a couple of wrestlers in this movie -LRB- Undertaker and Jake `` The Snake '' Roberts -RRB- . If your not a fan of wrestling or Hogan you 'll love this movie . My favorite parts of this movie are with the mime and the cat . See this movie or buy it you 'll love it .
 Suburban Commando is a 1991 sci-fi action/comedy family film which stars WWE Legend Hollywood Hulk Hogan , Christopher Lloyd and Shelley Duvall . In this film Hogan portrays Shep Ramsey , a gruff and cynical intergalatic bounty hunter who , after a botched rescue mission , travels to Earth for rest and relaxation . There , Ramsey begrudgingly makes friends with a couple -LRB- Lloyd and Duvall -RRB- and their two kids . While on Earth , Shep comically learning the Earth cultures and customs . Suburban Commando also has an appearance by WWE wresling star The Undertaker , as one of Ramsey 's arch-villains . The special feature includes a trailer of the movie and trailers for New Line 's other family films . This film is perfect for kids , parents and wrestling fans of all ages .
 This classic movie staring hulk hogan was the best film they ever made with the actor hulk hogan in it .
 One of the funniest of Hulk Hogan 's action films . I enjoyed the whole cast in this film . They made the suburbs and interesting place to be .
 Ever since I was a kid , I have loved this movie ! I love everything about it ; the plot , the acting , the characters , the cheesy music , and the hilarious situations that Shep Ramsey would get into on Earth . This is the type of movie I could watch over and over again . Hulk Hogan does an awesome job as Shep Ramsey , an intergalactic warrior who never takes time to relax after a mission . Shep 's superior officer suggests that he goes to earth to recharge his ship and enjoy himself , but Shep wants nothing to do with Earth . After he lands , he finds an apartment at the Wilcox house.Charlie Wilcox is an architect who works for a man named Adrian Beltz who steals Charlie 's ideas . After Charlie and his family meet Shep , his wife and kids like him , but Charlie is a little skeptical , so he spies on him at night , whenever Shep goes out to help people in need . Charlie messes with Shep 's equipment that can be traced by bounty hunters who are hunting for Shep.The next day , Shep and Charlie must work together to find a traceable freeze gun , but they must soon deal with the bounty hunters . In order to get his ship running again , Shep needs 40 pounds of Cymian crystal , and the only person who has it is Charlie 's hypocritical boss . After the big fight with the bounty hunters , Shep thinks he is almost home , but he is dead wrong.Shep 's old nemesis , General Suitor is back and holds the Wilcox family hostage until Charlie leads him to the abandoned building where Shep crash-landed . Can Shep Ramsey save the universe by killing Suitor for good ? I highly recommend SUBURBAN COMMANDO !!!
 I ordered this as a Christmas gift that never was able to be given so I opened it up and had a movie night with friends.I am in no way saying this is an award winning movie with award winning performances , but it does include a star-studded cast and plenty of corny jokes that are so indicative of the time period . My friends and I had an amazing time re-watching this childhood staple and enjoyed the humorous nostalgia that came along with it !
 Christopher Lloyd and Shelley Duvall never fail to impress and throw in a few wrestlers in a universal fight on earth and a funny , finale handicap match at the end Jake the Snake & The Undertaker -LRB- the bounty hunters -RRB- vs Hulk Hogan -LRB- Shep Ramsey -RRB- , what are the odds ? Movie was great , plot was a cross between Bill & Ted , Rambo , and the Power Rangers I think but mostly for kids since there is n't and cussing in it that I can remember hearing . And if you thought this was funny and family fun to watch , then wait until you see Mr. Nanny . Another good movie for the family to watch as well . Overall , I would get it if I was you , I think it 's that good .
 It is a delightful movie , predictable but fun . Hulk Hogan and Christopher Lloyd complemented each other in their acting ability to provide fun comedy . Too bad this movie is hard to find in local stores . It gets a `` thumbs up '' for a relaxing Friday night movie .
 Ever since I was a kid , I have loved this movie ! I love everything about it ; the plot , the acting , the characters , the cheesy music , and the hilarious situations that Shep Ramsey would get into on Earth . This is the type of movie I could watch over and over again . Hulk Hogan does an awesome job as Shep Ramsey , an intergalactic warrior who never takes time to relax after a mission . Shep 's superior officer suggests that he goes to earth to recharge his ship and enjoy himself , but Shep wants nothing to do with Earth . After he lands , he finds an apartment at the Wilcox house.Charlie Wilcox is an architect who works for a man named Adrian Beltz who steals Charlie 's ideas . After Charlie and his family meet Shep , his wife and kids like him , but Charlie is a little skeptical , so he spies on him at night , whenever Shep goes out to help people in need . Charlie messes with Shep 's equipment that can be traced by bounty hunters who are hunting for Shep.The next day , Shep and Charlie must work together to find a traceable freeze gun , but they must soon deal with the bounty hunters . In order to get his ship running again , Shep needs 40 pounds of Cymian crystal , and the only person who has it is Charlie 's hypocritical boss . After the big fight with the bounty hunters , Shep thinks he is almost home , but he is dead wrong.Shep 's old nemesis , General Suitor is back and holds the Wilcox family hostage until Charlie leads him to the abandoned building where Shep crash-landed . Can Shep Ramsey save the universe by killing Suitor for good ? I highly recommend SUBURBAN COMMANDO !!!
 I know Val & Earl , the lead chracters in `` Tremors '' . I played country music professionaly for 10 years and Val & Earl were at every show . I 've ridden in their truck , I 've shot their guns , I 've watched them fight and make up and I 'm proud to call them friends . As you can guess I do n't really know Val & Earl but the characters brought to life by Fred Ward and Kevin Bacon are a tribute to the grasp of reality the scriptwriters have and the superb ability of these two actors . My brother and I have watched `` Tremors '' many times and each time ca n't get past the dead-on portrayal of these two guys . Mannerisms , body language , speech patterns , We watch it all and every time lose sight of the fact that Fred Ward and Kevin Bacon are playing roles . `` Tremors '' presents a vehicle of such reality in all the character portayals that the believability of the rest of the story line becomes a non-issue . It 's as if these were your friends telling you a fantastic story about what happened to them . The superb writing and natural presentaions by all the players as well as the remote setting lend themselves the suspension of disbelief that is so necessary to any fantastic story . Also the fact that not every question is answered makes it seem much more life-like . Great applause is deserved by all involved for presenting a tale of terror that does n't rely on gore as its core , a story with great humor that does n't need to turn `` blue '' to reach you , and a fable of misadventure in modern life that does n't leave you depressed and hopeless . Watch it ... It 's great fun ! PS . When you see Val & Earl tell 'em Bob wants his Hank Jr. tape back .
 It 's about gian mutated worms that eat people . They get there victoms by pulling them into the ground where they live . The best part is when Kevin Bakon outsmarted the last graboid .
 One of the best movies I have ever seen ! Kevin Bacon is at his highest , portraying a role that fits him perfectly . Fred Ward only makes the movie better with his lines and personality . You may also never see Reba McIntire in another film like this again . She takes on her role well and also makes the movie that much more cool and exciting . To all horror fans , and non-horror fans , this is a legend that you MUST NOT pass up !! Just watch it , what are you going to lose -LRB- nothing -RRB- !!! If you feel the same way I do , please E-mail me . Thanks !
 I WATCH THIS MOVIE OFTEN . I NEVER GET BORED OF IT . BUY IT
 Overall I enjoyed the movie . To me it was edge of your seat entertainment . Good story line . Good special effects . Suspence factor was 10 out of 10 .
 If you 've seen this film then I have hardly anything to say . I love all the people in this movie and I love the story and I love the FX . Its a great film . See it if you aint seen it yet . Its really good . Thats all I 'll say for mow .
 `` Tremors '' is a very good film , but there some things that go noticed . `` Tremors '' is about a bunch of mutated worms running a muk in a small desert town with a population of few . So all the people come together and try to stop the worms in their place . `` Tremors '' has a small story line , but the story line fits into the full 95 minutes of this film . The acting is great , the acting makes the movie a bit believable . The suspense in this movie is great and it makes you part of the action.I gave this movie four stars , I would give it a low four and a half , but Amazon.Com dose n't offer it so I give it four stars . This is a very good movie , and you will love this movie . This `` B-Monster Flick '' is one of the best movies of it 's kind . Rent it today !
 Grrreat all the way around
 I love this movie too much . The acting very much like real people . Its a thing I cherish almost as much as my life . I 've seen the movie 50to60 times and I 'm not bored of it yet . Its a very realistic movie . I 'll never get rid of it . It will put you at the edge of your seat . This is a must see video . Perfect gift idea
 A 90 's edition of a cheezy 50 's creature feature ; and it 's actually good . Who 'd a thunk it ?
 Yeeeeeeeeha ! It 's always nice to see movies about workin ' class types with southern accents who are not either criminals on death row or hopelessly backwards bigots . Kevin Bacon and Fred Ward are funny and endearing and Rhonda is a refreshing heroine who does * not * have `` big green eyes , long blonde hair , * ss that wo n't quit , and legs that go allllll the way up . '' Hooray for ordinary people ! This movie scores big because it 's funny , but has enough believable gore to make things suspenseful and tense . Remember when you were a kid and played `` keep off the ground '' on playground equipment ? I enjoy this movie more every time I see it .
 So what if this movie has terrible acting in it ? It 's still a good and enjoyable movie to watch over and over and again . Ron Underwood directed this movie well . Fred Ward and Kevin Bacon will have you doubled-over in laugter as the three giant man-eating subteranninan worms . It 's about to the people to find a way what to do to destroy these creatures . This movie is fun and exciting to watch -- ignor the poor acting . Enjoy .
 If you want to see a movie that is so creepy and fun then you must see this movie ! If you actually put yourself in the characters shoes then you would see how scary it would be . I mean worms coming out of the ground without warning and eating you alive ! That 's scary . Then factor in the humor of Kevin Bacon and you have a formula that could make Sisckle & Ebert give it two thumbs up ! Lets just say YOU must buy this movie , if you do n't you 'll want to see again and again anyway .
 This movie rocks . I look for DVD 's that I know I can watch over and over again . This is one of those movies .
 All I can say is that Kevin Bacon and Fred Ward should be very proud . THIS IS A MUST HAVE MOVIE It has been my favourite movie for 3 years !
