 Love the movie - a timeless classic for sure , especially for those of us that have ever spent time in an office setting .
 Love this movie . It 's a must have in any collection . It arrived in great playing condition with minimal wear to the outside case .
 I love this whole movie ! I is my all time favorite . I am not really a movie goer but this is one that I have played over and over again and never get tired of it . `` Corprate Account Payable , Nina Speaking ... Just a moment ! `` I have been in a cube most my life and so much rings true ... this is a celebrated movie and a tribute to all of us that work in the corprate world!I happen to like me work , getting there was a struggle ... we all have been Peter Gibbons at one point or another in our career ! `` Hey Peter ... Watch you Corn $ % # `` There are so many lines from the movie that just make me laugh . I know the budject for the movie was 10Mil . . and I knowthat opening week it did 4mil ... 10 mill total ... but the DVD is a cult classic ... it must be reeling in the bucks !
 This movie ranks right up there with some of the best ones especially in the comedy genre . I think folks in the IT industry will relate to it more than anyone else but it is so real one can picture oneself as one of the characters in the movie , hopefully not the stapler dude ; -RRB-
 This movie is a classic and anyone that has ever `` worked '' will appreciate it . It has some familiar faces and some not so familiar ones that give it some interesting combinations . .
 Funny movie , never gets old . Just be sure to watch it with `` flair '' : -RRB-
 I really enjoyed this movie and if you work in an office with 4 different bosses then this movie is for you . The movie is funny and you really get to feel bad for Milton who does not know he is no longer an employee but shows up every day asking where his paycheck is and he is told by the office manager Lundberg , I believe that is how you spell his name , to move his desk in the back of the room and then in the basement . I thought is was funny when one of the guys name was Michael Bulton . This movie is a must see I do n't ever think it gets old . Especially like the part when the printer never worked , it always jammed and the 3 main actors took it to a field and beat the crap out of it with baseball bats .
 If you have a job or work in an office , this movie is a must!Awesome parody of real-life situations of a typical office job and corporate America.A + +
 With ironic humor `` Office Space '' presents a few situations salaried workers endure in corporate employment .
 Anyone who has ever worked in corporate America will relate to this hilarious gem.It is low key as opposed to slapstick comedy . I think the movie was well cast about a cube dweller who had enough and basically quits working and gets a promotion to upper management while his hard working and dedicated buddies get slated for layoffs by `` The Bob 's '' two management consultants.Ron Livingston does a great job as Pete Gibbons , and Ajay Naidu as `` Samir Nu , ne , nunu , uh nnn , not work here anymore '' David Herman as Micheal-why should I change - Bolton.The boss Lundbergh is played perfectly deadpan by Gary Cole , and I think there is a Tom Smykowski and Milton Waddams in every organization . Lets not forget the `` Bob 's '' I knew two idiot consultants just like them.Office Space has it all , from stupid meetings , CI programs , and of course the infamous TPS reports - `` did n't you get the memo about the new cover sheets ? `` I could not stop laughing through the whole thing.Well worth the price of the DVD , even though the transfer was only fair .
 As many reviewers have previously stated , this is THE movie that defines corporate angst and fuels the inner desire of all office-workers -LRB- including myself -RRB- to harbor dreams of trashing the printer , playing tetris all day , sleeping in late on weekdays , and stealing my boss 's parking space . Think Dilbert on DVD using real characters.I absolutely love this film , but the DVD itself is pretty bland . There are hardly any extras -LRB- trailers do n't count -RRB- , and the DVD edition sorely needs some outtakes . No cast interviews , no director 's commentary , nothing ... . To make matters worse , I believe the DVD encoding is flawed . I 've played it numerous times on my brand new Toshiba DVD player , and sometimes the screen will distort or colors will wash at certain spots in the movie , particularly in the beginning . But considering this is the only edition available on DVD , it 's a marginal flaw and one that should n't prevent anyone from enjoying it .
 If you 've read most of my reviews , lists , and `` So-You 'd - Like-To '' things , , you know that i REALLY , REAAALLLY like this movie ... yes sir , this is my FAVORITE MOVIE OF ALL TIME ! If you 've never seen it and you 're wondering what my hype towards it is all about , let me give you a little tour of the plot : Peter Gibbins is an I would assume around the age of 25 year-old office worker who could n't possibly hate his job more than he hates it now ... From the traffic jam in the morning where an old man in a walker makes better forward progress than him , to getting a shock when he touches the door to walk in , to listening to that fat red-haired lady say `` JUUUST A MOOMMEEENNNT '' non-stop , and of course , hearing those 4 favorite words of his
 The Film : Mike Judge is a genius . Using a number of relative unknowns he spends 2 hours skewering the people and situations all of us cubicle-dwellers hate at work . While sometimes slightly uneven in composition , it remains a bravura comedy that 'll keep you laughing through to the end.Peter Gibbons -LRB- Livingston -RRB- hates his job at Initech , so much so that each day there feels worse than the day before . But when a botched-up hypnotism session leaves him unworried about his job and other cares Peter feels free to throw caution to the wind , deciding to stop coming in to work . He 's amazed to find that instead of getting fired he 's getting promoted while his hard-working friends -LRB- Ajay Naidu & David Herman , in the best buddy-buddy supporting actor performances of 1999 -RRB- are getting downsized . They together decide to rip off the company , and hilarity insues . While the idea of playing into all of our hate of the foibles of the office workplace seems like a 1-note tune , Judge 's writing and directing keeps a brisk pace and provides enough insight and analysis of why we despise these things and how they could be better that it never feels that way.Look for Stephen Root as Milton , by far the most hilarious character , stealing every scene he 's in . Close behind is Gary Cole as Bill Lumbergh , about the slimiest weasel of a boss I could have imagined . Jennifer Aniston , while not bad , could have been replaced by virtually anyone else in the part who would have done as well with Judge 's writing.The DVD & Technical aspects : While the sound seems a little harsh and the color tones and cinematography may be a little inconsistent , these look like problems related to the movie 's production , not the printing of the DVD itself . Chalk it up to the fact that it 's a low , low-budget comedy - if you 've seen enough films you 'll see this has slightly sub-par production values in general . The menu is interestingly designed , the only real extra is the preview trailer . The movie may be in Dolby 5.1 , but it 's a dialogue-based office comedy so as you imagine it does n't use much of its capabilities to provide sense of place .
 When the ads for this movie came out I figured it was another generic , tired , ' 90 's comedy . How wrong I was . I only saw it recently when a number of my friends recommended it . I watched it on cable for the 1st time and was laughing hysterically throughout . This film pokes fun at `` fitting in '' , which is the most important part of American business next to profits . Each character is an individual who does n't fit in the system , be it the rap-loving Michael Bolton , or the TPS-report hating Peter Gibbons . The 2nd half of the movie moves dangerously close to becoming bogged down in a rather stupid crime crusade , but it 's rescued by the antics of Milton , a hilarious character who appears regularly throughout the film . I only wish the film company had done a better job promoting this movie ; it 's much funnier than the ads make it seem . After my friend and I watched the DVD edition of the film we took time to watch the theatrical trailer . We both agreed the trailer was very weak compared to the film itself and probably kept a number of potential viewers away .
 Ofiice Space is one of the best movies of all time , with memerable quotes and scenes you could watch over and over again it 's no wonder why this movie is so good . Office Space is about a guy named Peter who hates his job , and when he gets hypnotized into being completely relaxed , he decides to just do whatever he wants to and not go to work . This leads to him getting a promotion and his two co-worker friends losing their jobs , which ultimately leads to them coming up with a plan to steal money from the evil place they work at.This dvd is called a special edition , so hearing this i went out and picked it up only to discover not many special features are found on this discc . There is a cool retrospective `` look back '' documentary , which i enjoyed , but other than that all there is is a set of really short , but sometimes funny , deleted scenes . so , why even buy this dvd ? well , aside from the lack of special features the movie is still one of the best , so if you dont already have the old dvd i suggest you buy this dvd , but if you do already have the old dvd then i would say to just skip out on this becuase you 'll be basically buying the same thing twice .
 The satire in this movie is brilliant . There are a ton of people out there that experience the things parodied in this movie everyday . I for one , have fallen victim to the soulless corporations that bring in so called `` efficiency '' experts to `` clean house '' . `` Office Space '' depicts characters so accurately that it 's scary . It starts off with everyone trying to make it to work on time on a Monday ; first getting stuck in rush hour , then dealing with several self-righteous bosses , then having a chipper red head remind them that it 's Monday before they settle into their cubicles for the day . Their is almost a deja vu effect for the people that have experienced these things . Ah yes , it 's a depressing feeling knowing your wasting your life away in a cubicle updating bank records for the year 2000 switch ; which is also a hilarious scenario in the film , since nothing happened to computer systems when the year 2000 hit . The characters in this movie make it great . Milton mumbling `` Have you seen my stapler ? '' to Bill Lumbergh 's manipulative soft spoken a-hole-of-a-boss character.Another thing that makes this movie hilarious is all the rap music that 's played . It 's not softcore rap at all . It is very explicit hardcore gangster rap in many cases . One scene in the film where they are smashing a printer that they have always hated in the middle of a field with a rap song chanting `` Die Mother Fu ** a , Die Mother Fu ** a , Die '' is one of the funniest ideas I 've ever seen a in a film.I think everyone would find this film funny , even if you do n't work in an office setting , but if you do , you will find it even funnier .
 Most of the money I spend on Blu Rays is dedicated to movies that are more likely to take advantage of the format . Movies that are action-packed or just visually epic get most of my blu ray money . To be completely honest though , Office Space on Blu Ray has shown me that sometimes comedies are also a necessity on blu ray . Office Space looks as good as it ever has on the format . Since getting it , I have already watched it at least 6 times in awe of the differences between the blu-ray version and my old dvd copy .
 This is easy . If you work in an office and you have n't seen this movie - BUY IT .5 star movie with a 4 star rating because the DVD does n't have any extras . `` Yeeeeah , hiiiiiii . It 's Bill Lumberg again , just wanted to make sure you did know that we started at the usual time this morning , its not a half day or anything like that . ''
 In less stressful times during and immediately after college , I was a huge `` Office Space '' fan . I bought it on video , watched it a bunch of times , quoted it relentlessly -LRB- and still do -RRB- with my roommate , and generally considered it to be a funny , intelligent comedy . I had never actually worked in an office , but I imagined the movie to be a fairly accurate depiction of what the experience is like and what it does to the typical cubicle slave . In other words , I liked the movie , but in much the same way I liked lots of other movies.Then , a few months ago , I got an office job with an enormous corporation , and I now see the world of `` Office Space '' in a whole new light . It 's still funny , but there 's also a major undercurrent of depression beneath the humor . The movie 's fictional Initech Corp. is a sterile suburban hell , where the bosses have become patronizing phonies and the workers are bitter and frustrated over their precarious , unfulfilling existence . My job is n't quite as bad , but few hours go by where I do n't think of some line from the movie and realize just how accurately it describes what I go through on a daily basis . Human beings really are n't supposed to sit around at desks staring at computer screens all day , and `` Office Space '' perfectly captures the quiet despair that corporate lemmingdom can produce . At one point protagonist Peter Gibbons flatly states , `` I do n't like my job . I do n't think I 'm gon na go anymore . '' I 'm sure many would like to say the same thing , but unfortunately in real life it does n't prove to be that easy.Viewed in this light , `` Office Space '' could only have worked as a comedy . For one thing it requires a razor-sharp satire , which this movie very much is , to truly highlight the absurdity of the situations faced on a daily basis in offices nationwide . For another , if the movie 's examination of life on the lower rungs of corporate America were n't lightened with some laughs , viewers would be reaching for arsenic and razorblades in record time . Ron Livingston brings a definite everyman appeal to the role of Peter
 WOW , this is an awesome movie ! From the opening scene , it sets the mood of the movie . Very funny movie , with a cast that works very well together . Pretty much a movie about a guy who is finding himself hating his job and life . Its is great watching him go from an uptight geek to a layed back cool cat . Office Space hasnt been seen by many people but it is not a waste of time . I tell you the copy machine scene . . haaaaa , priceless . .
 The perfect cure to a `` Case of the Monday 's '' is to come home and immediately pop in `` Office Space . '' No movie has ever helped cope with the dull monotony of your job until now . The brilliantly hilarious script is brought to life by fantastic performances by Ron Livingston , Jennifer Aniston , and crew . Many hilarious situations and quotes will have you watching this movie over and over again . You 'll be wishing you had the guts to tell your boss off much like Peter , but this at least lets you know that you 're not alone in your hatred for your job , no matter what profession .
 Possibly the best film I have seen in years . Many truths are laid open -LRB- The printer jamming is a great example ! -RRB- . Wicked sound track too . Very well cast , and just generaly great . Highly , Highly recommended
 To anyone who 's ever had an office job , this movie is right on the money . My husband was laughing so hard the sofa was shaking . Ron Livingston gives a great performance and Jennifer Aniston is fun in her small role .
 This movie hits all the marks for those in technology jobs and/or cubicle farms ! This is possibly my all-time favorite movie . I 've been watching it for years , and have probably seen it 50 times at least . From Michael Bolton to money laundering ; from `` flair '' to the `` jump to conclusions '' mat ; from the dream of doing nothing to '' ... good to be a gangsta ! '' ; from the red Swingline to '' ... Nina speaking ... _ just _ a moment ! '' - this movie is hilarious ! When I have a bad day , I watch this movie . It is truly therapeutic .
 This movie hits all the marks for those in technology jobs and/or cubicle farms ! This is possibly my all-time favorite movie . I 've been watching it for years , and have probably seen it 50 times at least . From Michael Bolton to money laundering ; from `` flair '' to the `` jump to conclusions '' mat ; from the dream of doing nothing to '' ... it 's good to be a gansta ! '' ; from the red Swingline to '' ... Nina speaking ... _ just _ a moment ! '' - this movie is hilarious ! When I have a bad day , I watch this movie . It is truly therapeutic .
 Anyone who has ever worked in a corporate setting can relate to this movie . It gives a funny glimpse into what REALLY goes on in an office . . from the point of view of the `` worker bees '' -LRB- aka peons -RRB- . This is one of my favorite movies !
 I do n't remember the last time I laughed that hard ... `` Office Space '' is a great flick , poking fun at daily life at the office . Its ironic and situational comedy is superb , and if you enjoy a good laugh , you love this film . I recently heart of an office-manager playing it for her staff during a meeting , to `` lighten '' everybody up . I think it did the trick ! Find out what I mean . ; - -RRB-
 Hilarious movie - maybe a little TOO realistic in some parts . I think many of us have had our fair share of jobs like this , and if you have , you immediately connect to this movie . Great jokes , although maybe a little depressing if you 're still stuck in that world . Very glad my current job is n't like this ! Oh yeah , and great soundtrack . ^ . ^
 I am not a movie-owning person - but this is one to make an exception for . The movie is set in a typical software company out in the cube farm . If you work in IT - or likely any mid to large company - you will recognize people that you work with.I think that this is the handy work of guy behind Beavis and Butthead - but if you were not a fan of that Mtv cartoon - do not let that dissuade you .
 Great Movie , If you have ever worked in an office you can relate to this movie . Light , easy to watch , entertaining and funny .
 This movie made me laugh out loud and that 's saying a lot for me -- not impressed by most comedies . It was so true to life as far as the trash that people have to go through in their cubes as a white-collar office worker . The smashing of the printer was especially a delight ! I highly recommend this movie to those in ... and out of the cubes !
 A very funny movie . I 'm very glad I purchased it & wouldhighly recommend it .
 This is one of those movies that I can watch time and again and still find new funny parts of the dialog . The script is brilliant and the acting is great . My wife makes fun of me watching the movie for the 10th time yet she ca n't resist joining me and she definitely finds it funny ! Seems like every time I quote the movie when i am around friends and co-workers people recognize the quote which tells you how popular the movie is . I 'd highly recommend checking it out if you have not !
 If you work in an office with cubicles this movie is for you . Funny every time I watch it . One of the few comedies in my collection .
 1999 's `` Office Space '' has become something of a cult classic , with office workers everywhere able to recite their favorite lines from this spot-on comedy . Ron Livingston stars as Peter , a computer software worker locked into a dreary cubical existance , suffering a condescending and exploitative boss and a meaningless life away from the job.Desperate for a change , Peter tries hypnotherapy . When the session goes awry , Peter is left locked into a relaxed mode that allows him to cheerfully skip work , chase the girl of his dreams , and subvert the routine of his office . A consulting team brought in to downside the company becomes the trigger for a fraud scheme hatched by Peter and two disgruntled office mates . They spring the scheme , only to suffer an attack of conscience -LRB- and a fear of jail -RRB- . Their ham-handed attempts to fix things lead to a fateful decision by Peter.The comedy of `` Office Space '' is in the knowing details , such as Peter 's wearisome commute , in which the other lane always moves faster ; the office gnome , laid off five years ago but still shuttling from desk to desk because no one told him ; and a perpetually malfunctioning printer . Jennifer Anniston has a nice role as Peter 's spunky new girlfriend , while Gary Cole is superbly hateful as Peter 's unctious boss . `` Office Space '' is highly recommended as a classic black comedy .
 Long before TV shows like `` The Office '' and other work comedies `` Office Space '' hit a cord with most office workers . This 1999 movie pointed out printers that suck , bosses that suck , and employees that suck . It makes the keen observation that employees with backbone and creativity are capable of becoming managers or embezzlers that fear picking up soap in prison . We see three key employees hatch a plan to get enough to retire on once two find out the companies downsizing includes them . The irony is the employee worried about where his office moves and stapler will end up is the one that truly gets even with the boss and company in one fell swoop . This is a reasonably funny movie that has good replayability . Good quality DVD with a few extras on the special edition with flair . If you enjoyed this catch `` Employee of the Month '' and `` Anchorman
 Sort of a real world Dilbert . All the things that we have to deal with are exaggerated . This includes the office characters . Getting out reports , overtime and downsizing.Current events mixed with old tales and office lure mix to create one of the best comedies around . This film along with the red Swingline stapler had achieved cult status.As I look around -LRB- and stand up -RRB- I can see all the personalities depicted in this movie . If anyone wanted to see a movie that mimics real life this one is it and maybe `` Joe Versus the Volcano '' -LRB- 1990 -RRB- . This is much more real than `` 9 to 5 '' -LRB- 1980 -RRB- . Just a moment while I expand my cube . -LRB- * & * % $ # % $ & * -RRB- There , now where was I ? Oh yes , Jennifer Aniston shows her flash.It is interesting that the film was made in Austin and Dallas where I am writing this . It must be a sign on some sort.You will see the old story of skimming percentages of a cent off of transactions with a new twist.I have to go now the copier is calling!Marley and Me -LRB- Single-Disc Edition -RRB-
 How DO YOU NOT OWN THIS MOVIE!Definately one of the best movies ever made . Hillarious.Has anyone seen my stapler , uh I have not recieved my paycheck.Great movie , makes you realize the comedy that we all have in our day to day jobs , and lives .
 I defiantly would say that this is a must have for your home collection . It is too hilarious to just rent and watch once . I am sure that many people can relate to the lack of enthusiasm about their job or the many office obstacles that may get in the way of them effectively doing their job.The movie starts off with Peter on his way to work . He is in slow moving traffic , which in turn causes him to be late . While he is in traffic the camera goes to the right of him and shows an elderly gentleman with a walker walking faster than the vehicles are moving . This is one of the many funny things that stand out . Make sure to keep an eye out for Milton . He plays sort of a hero to the main character Peter and the rest of his co-workers . Milton 's incoherent mumbling about his red Swingline stapler , lack of receiving his paycheck , not receiving his piece of cake and the location of his desk show the inconsistent policies that Initech portray.Again I recommend this movie to everyone because it will keep you laughing the entire time .
 this movie is great because even if you do not work in a office , you can still relate to what is going on !! The film takes place in offices . I laughed the whole time . My favorite part is in the beginning when the main guy is commuting to work and the old man in the walker passes him up !!! Go get this movie even if you do not work you will still get some of the humor in this awesome movie about the relationships between employees and their employers -RRB- !
 Hilariously funny and yet painfully realistic -LRB- Yes , I do work in an office -RRB- . Being a Jennifer Aniston fan , I only regretted that her role was kinda `` small '' in this nevertheless wonderfully entertaining , humorful movie . Just loved it !
 Be careful , you might want to quit your job after watching it
 I have seen this movie about 5 times , and each time , I waslaughing the loudest in the theater . This is great humor for theoffice worker and the student . You can relate the humor into your own experiences . I think its a must see for comedy fans , and office workers .
 This movie is the Ferris Bueller of the working age . Not only are you laughing through the entire movie because you work in an office yourself , but because the movie portrays real people and the idiosyncricies of life . From the hoosier next door to the abused waitress to the fearful office workers soon to be laid off . This is a corporate world and you should go pee before you see this movie because you will laugh so hard you cry .
 It will be said over and over again . If you do n't work in `` Corporate America , '' you wo n't find this movie as funny as it really is . For those that do , this movie is incredibly funny , not because of unbelievable humor , but because you know these situations . This movie pokes fun at those situations , in a `` I 've been there before '' kindof way .
 Once again Mike Judge has proven that he is not a one trick pony . The creator of Beavis & Butthead , King of the Hill , and the animated short `` Milton '' -LRB- which this movie is loosely based on -RRB- , has now made an attempt at live action . This movie hits home if you are familiar with corporate America . Everything from printers that eat the very documents that they are supposed to print to upper managment bafoons are being spoofed . If there is ever to be a live action Dilbert movie , it will have to surpass the brillance of Office Space . I 'm not sure if people who are not familiar with an office enviroment will be able to relate to this humor -LRB- which may be the reason this movie did n't do so well even though it did receive mass critcal acclaim -RRB- . When I saw this in the theater I was laughing so hard I could n't breath , while another couple did n't even crack a smile ! So I believe the crowd that this brand of humor is targeted at is a select one . Well being part of that select crowd I can say that this is one of the funniest and clever movies that I have ever seen .
 Charcters have been created to represent all of society . I think this is the third best film ever made . A winner ! A must see !
 With the opening scene in a commuter traffic jam you know you are in for a treat . This is comedy with a deft touch ... not the mindless gross humor you see everywhere today . Any office worker who has lived under the thumb of the organization will see their life painfully recreated .
 This movie has to be my favorite movie of all time . When I saw this movie I was falling out of my seat laughing as I saw similarities between this movie and my feelings about school . A great movie by Mike Judge and great performances by all the actors , some of which orginal MADTV fans will recognize . A must see for comedy lovers or anybody who has to work .
 One of the greatest comedies of all time ! Everyone must see this movie .
 Almost every scene in OFFICE SPACE has some sort of humor in it , and it is some of the more subtle humors that make this movie so hilarious . This film covers a wide range of everyday happenings in the office with typical office characters , and is held up by an interesting plot.The cast , while Jennifer Aniston is the only famous one , is great . If you like this movie the first time you watch it , you will want to watch it again and again . Then you will surely find yourself quoting a variety of lines from the many different characters . Whether you work in an office and can personally relate to this movie does n't really matter . OFFICE SPACE will most likely satisfy -LRB- at least partially -RRB- your sense of humor .
 A must-see for anyone that has ever worked in a cubicle environment , hated work , got pissed-off at a printer , hates the boss , or feels trapped in a deadend job . The deliberate humor slaps you in the face from the get-go and continues to do so throughout the entire film . If you need a good laugh to forget the stress of your crappy job , then you need to see this movie .
 This movie is so funny . I was reluctant to see it , but when my friend showed it to me , I laughed the entire time ! This is a must for anyone who has ever worked in an office and hated it ! I recommend this movie to EVERYONE ! Believe me , once you see it -LRB- and the Milton character -RRB- , you 'll agree .
 This movie is exactly what a comedy should be
 Absolutely wonderful movie !!! It definitely hits home for us cubicle dwellers !! Milton is my favorite !! He 's like the guy who will take it for so long and then look out , boom !!! Everyone should see this movie who wants to laugh , dance , and say `` that is definitely me '' . Is there a soundtrack available ? I sure hope so , because I want it !!
 Well , after seeing atleast my 3rd time , I have come to the conclusion that this is a definate must see ! I can honestly say that anyone who is having a bad day from work , will be healed insantly by this film.At my school and job , it is not the easiest time , as I am sure you all can understand . -LCB- I go to both work and school -RCB- Well , this movie can do wonders for your mind.Some funny scenes in the film are Michael Bolton 's scene . -LCB- Best known as Mad TV 's David Herman -RRB- . Those scenes were great!There is much more I could say to suede you into seeing this movie , well I relly do not want to . LoL.This a must see ! I had seen it before , a few times , then 3 days ago I received the new addition , I have watched it once , and I am sure I will watch it by Friday , -LCB- Thursday -RCB- Have A Nice LiFE!Ryan
 This movie is so funny , you have this guy working for a computer company and he 's really sick of his life ... . Until he visits a psychiater who gives him this special thought . So he simply stops doing everything he doenst like . It 's great movie and has a nice plot . On dvd you first get a message to scan for a virus and he detects a hole bunch of them , so dont screek :-RRB- it 's simply a joke . It looks great on dvd , no complains
 Though I do n't work in an office environment , I still have to put up with idiots everyday . This movie is right up my alley . This movie plays on current stereotypes and cubicle horror stories to make you laugh until you wet yourself -LRB- and I almost did -RRB- . I bought this movie for my father as a birthday present becasue he does slave away in a cubicle and hates his idiot boss . However , amidst all the coffee and desperation , most of the jokes could be expected a mile away , but that did n't stop me from watching it again and again .
 My boyfriend and I picked it up as a rental , and did n't know much about it except that Jennifer Aniston and that `` Swingers '' guys was in it ! But it was HILARIOUS ! Anyone and everyone can relate to the story . We have since made our friends watch it and everyone is rollin ' !!
 If they made a live-action `` Dilbert '' movie , it might resemble `` Office Space '' -- a hysterically funny office film by Mike Judge -LRB- of `` Beavis & Butthead '' fame -RRB- . Filled with quirky characters and a hilarious employee rebellion , this is a movie for anyone who ever felt trapped in a soul-destroying job.Peter -LRB- Ron Livingston -RRB- spends every day in a cubicle , doing pointless work under the thumb of his smarmy boss . His life is boring , and he does n't even have the confidence to tell the pretty waitress -LRB- Jennifer Aniston -RRB- that he likes her . In an effort to relax , he accompanies his controlling girlfriend to a hypnosis session . Unfortunately , the hypnotist dies of a heart attack ... while Peter is still under.The next morning , Peter wakes up happy and laid-back -- and determined to get out of his rotten job , and live fat and happy . He conspires with Samir Nagheenanajar -LRB- Ajay Naidu -RRB- and ill-named Michael Bolton -LRB- David Herman -RRB- -- two coworkers who are about to be axed -- to skim money off the company 's assets with no one the wiser . Only problem is , their scene is rapidly spinning out of control . `` Office Space '' started off as an early 90s animated skit , featuring the character of Milton . You know , that increasingly deranged employee who complains that `` you took my stapler . '' This time , Milton is a minor character , although a pivotal one . The focus is mainly on the mellowed-out Peter and his wild scheme to profit the downtrodden employees of Initech.Judge creates a hysterical tangle of cubicle workers , layoffs and the most annoying boss in the history of film -LRB- `` Yeeeeeeaaaahhhh ... uhhh ... '' -RRB- . This brand of humor is twisted , down to the slow-motion , ghetto-style beating of the copier in the middle of a field . And of course , the dialogue is quietly insane -LRB- `` Oh , and next Friday ... is Hawaiian shirt day ... '' -RRB- as the plot grows ever tenser.The trio of lead characters are a riot -- there 's Peter , whose newfound perspective is immensely entertaining . There 's Samir , who can barely restrain his rage at his rotten job . And there 's Michael , who has a seething resentment that he has the same name as THAT singer . Jennifer Aniston does a pretty good job as a love interest for Peter -- a waittress who hates her job as much as he hates his . `` Office Space '' has become something of a deserving cult classic -- funny , strange , and sympathetic to the ants that toil in their cubicles . Make more movies , Mike Judge -- especially if they 're as good as `` Office Space . ''
 Office Space is a ruthless , no holds-barred comedy . Anyone who has ever spent even a day working in a cubicle will definitely appreciate this and relate to the characters . It 's a different kind of Hollywood comedy ; funny and clever . Ron Livingston is terrific and this is the kind of unique film Jennifer Aniston should do more often -LRB- no more Along Came Polly 's -RRB- . I enjoyed Office Space and recommend it to anyone with their own office space that they want to knock down and burn . This is a highly enjoyable and cute film .
 Anyone who has ever worked in a corporate environment , an environment necessitating the need for cubicles , needs to go out right away and pick up a copy of `` Office Space . '' Created , written , and directed by Mike Judge-the same guy responsible for `` Beavis and Butthead '' - this 1999 movie perfectly captures the innumerable torments of the modern white-collar worker . The film did poor box office during its theatrical run , but has since become a massive cult classic on video and DVD . It 's no wonder . The movie is funny , cynical , and is the only film in my opinion to adequately use rap music to great effect . To give you an idea of how popular this movie has become-my own mother has heard about the movie and made me rent it so she could watch it . Yep , when your own aging mom knows about a movie , you just know it has jumped the boundaries of a narrow audience and become a pop culture phenomenon . For those poor souls who waste the days of their lives imprisoned in a small box in some generic looking office building out in the suburbs , `` Office Space '' is the best way to channel your rage . It sure beats going postal , at least.Peter Gibbons -LRB- Ron Livingstone -RRB- is the moral and physical center of `` Office Space . '' This young guy works at Initech , one of those late ' 90 's computer tech firms that sprang up across the country like weeds . Peter hates his job , hates his bosses , and hates sitting in his cubicle listening to annoying co-workers . He especially despises Bill Lumbergh -LRB- Gary Cole -RRB- , a vice-president of the company who takes great pleasure in asking Gibbons to work on the weekends even as he hassles him endlessly about those `` TPS '' reports . The problems do n't stop there , though . Peter 's girlfriend is a controlling personality with a decidedly loose sexual reputation . Gibbons trudges through his days , finding solace only in two sympathetic co-workers named Samir Nagheenanajar -LRB- Ajay Naidu -RRB- and Michael Bolton -LRB- David Herman -RRB- . His neighbor in the apartment next to his , a construction worker named Lawrence -LRB- Diedrich Bader -RRB- , provides an occasional breath of fresh air as well . Peter Gibbons 's life is a complete disappointment , an endless march of days doing nothing more than updating computer programs for Y2K and sitting around in his generic apartment watching Kung Fu . Something has to change before Peter goes off his rocker , and after he visits an occupational hypnotist , it does.After Dr. Swanson -LRB- Mike McShane -RRB- dies suddenly in the midst of hypnotizing Peter , Gibbons is a changed man . He saunters into work whenever he feels like it , wearing casual clothes and ignoring his bosses . He finally asks out Joanna -LRB- Jennifer Aniston -RRB- , a cute waitress working at a restaurant called Chotchkie 's , after months of indecision . After a midday fishing trip , Peter guts his catch on a huge stack of TPS reports . Something is definitely wrong with this guy . His friends worry about his reckless behavior , especially with a couple of consultants-the two Bobs-hired by Lumbergh to pare down the company lurking in the background , and try to shake him out of his malaise . Peter is undeterred and , when he learns his antics have actually garnered him a promotion while the consultants consign his two pals to the unemployment line , hatches a plot to bilk Initech out of a boatload of money . Predictably , the plans go horribly long , leaving Peter , Samir , and Michael in a desperate situation . Will the three survive to work another day ? Will Peter find the fulfillment he 's been seeking for so long ? Will Bill Lumbergh ever quit saying `` mmkay '' ? These questions , and many others , will find resolution at the conclusion of `` Office Space . `` I 'm not even going to waste time describing in detail the huge number of characters , all of them brilliant , who populate the universe of `` Office Space . '' Obviously , Milton Waddams -LRB- Stephen Root -RRB- deserves special mention since he constitutes an entire subplot of the movie . Based on a series of short cartoons Judge made for `` Saturday Night Live '' in the early 1990s , Milton is quite a character . You 'll either love him or hate him ; I liked some of his shtick -LRB- the stapler , the cake -RRB- , but thought he detracted somewhat from the main plot involving Peter Gibbons . What really stands out in the movie is the immensely quotable dialogue , some of it arguably the best lines in motion picture history -LRB- paraphrasing here -RRB- : `` Somebody has a case of the Mondays ! '' `` He -LSB- Lumbergh -RSB- represents everything that is soulless and wrong . '' `` Ha Ha-he 's not related to Bill , is he ? `` I could go on and on . For instance , the sound Peter makes when he learns from Joanna that she did indeed have a relationship with Lumbergh is priceless
 Just hilarious , and here to stay as basic reference for living in corporate America . Four Thumps Up !
 If you 've ever worked in a corporate environment , Office Space 'll have you cracking up and peeing your pants ! It 's one of those kind of silly movies that tells so much truth that you ca n't help but laugh.Definitely a hit ... a great gift for grads starting out in the `` real world '' , and for the seasoned veteran of the corporate world .
 This guy , my friends gets this movie . The guy that can make something as mundane and meaningless as writing a review , and make it funny , that is what this movie is all about . I have worked in flair places , and now I work in an office , and this movie is dead on the mark . I actually almost quit my job after seeing this the first time . Then my girlfriend found out she was pregnant , and you know the rest of the story . I did , for a brief moment have some hope from this movie , no longer . I can look back though , and reminisce about a time when I only had to make a huge paycheck to buy booze ...
 that would be great ! What a classic line ! The movie rocks from the initial traffic jam scence to the red stapler to kicking the printer in the open field . There are a couple of cliches though . But the movie is great overall .
 very , very funny and very original . this one will leave look laughing your ass off . a lazy man -LRB- Ron Livingston , Swingers , Campfire Tales -RRB- has 8 bosses telling him what to do and hes sick and tired of doing work , so when he goes and ses a hypnothereapist he relaizes he just doesnt want to work and do nothing . meanwhile his friends Michael Bolton -LRB- David Herman , Tvs Angel , tvs Futurama -RRB- and Simere Nahenanagid -LRB- Adjay Naidu , Suburbia , Pi -RRB- get fired and they have no plans what so ever . so the 3 have a plan , make the place erupt but their plan soon goes aray , or so they think so . Jennifer Aniston -LRB- tvs Friends , The Good Girl -RRB- , Richard Riehle -LRB- tvs Grounded For Life , Tvs Married To The Kellys -RRB- , Gary Cole -LRB- A Simple Plan , I : Spy -RRB- , Orlando Jones -LRB- Drumline , The Time Machine -RRB- , Diedrich Bader -LRB- Tvs The Drew Carey Show , Jay and Silent Bob Strike Back -RRB- , John C. McGinley -LRB- tvs Scrubs , Seven -RRB- and Stephen Root -LRB- Buffy The Vampire Slayer , tvs News Radio -RRB- aslo star in this hilarious comedy from the creator of Beavis and Butthead and King of the Hill , Mike Judge who also has a bit as Aniston 's boss who always bugs her about her flare
 Who ca n't love this movie ? Absolutely fantastic ! I strongly recommend to anyone who is stuck in the 9-5 purgatory of oblivious , inconsiderate upper-ups and coworkers .
 I 1st rented this movie when it came out in the 90 's . Since I was a Beavis and Butthead fan I was curious about the movie since Mike Judge wrote it.Well flash forward to 2012 and I own the dvd and watch it when i have friends over and if I 'm flipping channels it is sometimes on Comedy cental and I always find myself watching there too ! My work partners , friends , and I are always quoting lines from the movie . Either lines from Lumberg , Peter Gibbons , or the `` O '' face guy . I still see many things from this movie to be very relative to the corporate workplace and that is what make the movie so funny . I hope you all enjoy this Movie as much as I do and watch it many many times !!!!
 My favorite comedy of all time . I went to get my DVD out of my original DVD case and the DVD was missing , my roomate probably stole it among other things.So I decided I had to have it again . Today anytime I purchase new DVDs they are usually Blue Ray , yes even comedies .
 Anyone who has ever worked in corporate America can relate to this movie . This is a much watch , so funny . : -RRB-
 This is in my top 10 of favorite movies ever . It 's just a all around funny movie . I think we can all relate to these guys and their jobs and how much they hate it
 Great movie . This disk appears to have an error but still watchable . You ca n't work in an office and not see this movie .
 Office Soace is an instant classic , and a cult favorite . Anyone who 's ever had a boss that says , `` I 'm going to need you to go ahead and ... '' knows why . For cubicle rats everywhere !
 Come on . Who does n't know this movie is worth watching over and over and over . It 's awesome and I need at least 20 words for this review . I did it ! AND THIS MOVIE ROCKS !
 Yup , a marginally managed medium sized company ; sums it all up.On the actual review , a great cast , great acting , good editing . A really fun film to watch whether you 've been there -LRB- I have the T-shirt -RRB- or just want to see what corporate life can be like . Remember , though , life is what you make of it as you 'll see ... Has anyone seen my stapler ? : -RRB-
 Well , I 've heard about this cult classic film since I began working in corporate America . It seemed that everyone quoted this movie , from the `` Did n't you get the memo ? '' to the famous fax machine scene.I finally got my turn with it last night and was in tears with laughter . The opening scene with gridlock traffic voiced the pain of millions of commuters and showed the promise of more venting to come in the movie . With my recent move to cubicle land , I was ready and waiting.To my surprise , this movie actually had a plot . They developed very humorous office parody in the opening scenes , but I expected that parody to go on for a long time . Instead , the movie introduces the 3 parallel storylines : - anticipated lay-offs at work with consultants being brought in - Peter 's experience with a career hypnotherapist -LRB- he 's the main character -RRB- - Milton 's being pushed to the brink of insanityAs the story unwinds , the characters show what ordinary people can do when put in almost inhuman conditions - working on top of people , boring work that does n't really contribute to anything , inane bosses , an absence of any incentive to work harder , having 8 different bosses , lay-offs not based on merit , being asked to move cubicles continually , etc.More than anything , I appreciated the films ability to continually laugh at itself . When the 3 main computer science guys consider money laundering , they have to look it up in the dictionary ... and they ask how smart guys like them can be so bad at crime when so many stupid people in the mafia are so good at it . These guys are who we would be if we were stuck in that situation . Sure , we 've heard all about money laundering and such , but who knows how to actually do it?While the movie winds down to a predictable and satisfying ending , I think it works well for this film . I do n't think the magic of the film is its proposing an answer for the white collar worker . -LRB- Ditch digging anyone ? -RRB- Instead , I think the genius of it was to express and magnify to humorous proportions the lives of many Americans . It does this well , and thus earns four stars -LRB- especially when all the swears are bleeped out -RRB- .
 Every few minutes , I kept saying , `` I have LIVED this movie . I have WORKED with those people . I have SUFFERED in that cube farm . '' And I laughed . I laughed harder than I 've laughed at a movie in years . I laughed because it 's dark and raw and cynically funny , not because it 's what passes for comedy these days -LRB- raunchy sex and language that would make a sailor blush -- though that can be funny too ; see JAY AND SILENT BOB STRIKE BACK for a great example -RRB- . Mike Judge -LRB- of BEAVIS AND BUTTHEAD and KING OF THE HILL fame -RRB- brings to life a Dilbert-esque fantasy through the eyes of everyman Peter Gibbons , cube farm dot-com slave working on fixing the Y2K problem and hating every moment of his miserable work existence . He 's got eight bosses -LRB- one of whom is played by Gary Cole in a performance so magnificent that you will wonder if he shadowed your boss for a few days to get acting tips -- he 's that realistic -RRB- , all of whom jump his case whenever he makes mistakes . He 's surrounded by the lady with the annoying voice , co-workers cursing at a broken fax machine , the old timer who sees layoffs around every corner ... and Milton , the weird guy we 've all seen in our offices , the mumbler , the nervous wreck , the guy we all take bets on when he 'll snap and go postal . A visit to a hypnotherapist turns Peter 's life around , and he stops caring about his job ... just as two efficiency consultants arrive to review company practices and procedures . But instead of getting fired , Peter gets a promotion while his two best friends get fired , and the three of them plot to take their revenge on the nameless , faceless corporation making their lives miserable.Look for Jennifer Aniston in a very nice small role as a waitress at a TGIFriday-esque restaurant who becomes Peter 's girlfriend and learns to stand up for herself at her job . Look fast or you 'll miss Orlando -LRB- 7-Up -RRB- Jones in a bit part that is so funny and so real that you 'll wonder how long he studied those guys who go door-to-door with the magazine subscriptions . But most of all , look at the atmosphere of this film and marvel at how eerily accurate it is . They say you know your job stinks when you think of Dilbert as more autobiographical than funny ; your job is really terrible when you can spot your office in OFFICE SPACE . See it soon !
 What does it say about us all , that we are willing to be cubicle slaves for a regular paycheck and -LRB- sometimes -RRB- benefits ? Human beings were NOT meant to sit in a cubicle for 8 + hours/day , under fluorescent lights , suffering through pointless meetings , and singing halfhearted birthday greetings to coworkers who you secretly wish would just drop dead.Too cowardly to quit , we sit in our cubes and become obese and depressed . Then we get laid off and sit at home being obese and depressed.Decades from now , this film will be remembered as a symbol of late 20th-century life , and of our general willingness to sell out . As a cubicle slave myself , I 'm not sure whether to be disgusted or amused . Certainly I am not proud of this life .
 Excellent performance of all actors . This movie is really similar to the regular life in the office . A lot of fun !!!
 If you work in an office , especially if you work in a cubical farm environment , this may just save your sense of humor when there appears to be no light at the end of the tunnel . This movie is so good it 's become a cultural icon . Do you live in the culture ? Then you must see it ! Usually I describe something in more detail than this , but where to start with Office Space that others here have not covered well ? Besides , you would n't believe me how good it is until you see it . There are websites upon websites dedicated to this movie , parties celebrated that are themed to this movie , cultural nomenculture spawned by this movie . And it deserves it all . The `` flair '' in the special edition is worth it , if you can get that version .
 Office Space highlights the absurdities of the modern day workplace , and the high tech workplace specifically . Everyone at computer software company `` Initech '' hates their jobs , especially Peter Gibbons -LRB- Ron Livingston -RRB- who feels trapped in a treadmill of nonrewarding monotonous work as he rewrites and tests other people 's software to insure it is Y2K compliant . Simultaneously , he feels equally trapped in a relationship with a woman who treats him like an unsatisfactory employee . Peter represents all of the 25-35 year old white collar workers who know they are not doing what they want to with their lives but simply find initiating a complete career change as too scary , as if anything could be worse than what they are putting up with already.I 'm positive that someone involved with this movie has a deep understanding of working in software , because I easily recognized each of the various types of people represented in the cast - even the psychotic coworker , Milton , who keeps coming to work when they move his desk to the basement and stop paying him . Gary Cole 's performance of Bill Lundburg hits the bullseye as the boss that understates in a calm voice everything that he wants , but then has no problem firing people if they do n't meet his understated demands . What seems like a post-it note is actually a subpoena , in Lundburg 's eyes . One of my favorite scenes is when he is having everyone come in and basically beg for their jobs by justifying their positions . One older worker only seems to have one function - to carry the requirements from the requirements writers to the software engineers . When the bosses try to probe more deeply into his skills he gets angry and bellows `` Are you blind ! Ca n't you people see I have valuable people skills ! '' . Ultimately , Peter and his coworkers bungle a scheme to embezzle from the company by writing a program that extracts fractions of pennies per iteration . Instead of producing many very small checks , the program winds up producing one huge check that is bound to attract attention . Thus Peter goes to Initech to return the check . His return of the money coincides with psychotic coworker Milton finally making good on his mumblings of `` burn down the building '' . The end result is that , with no Initech to return to , Peter takes a job in construction and realizes he enjoys working outside and with his hands and is thus finally happy in his work . As for Milton , in spite of being without a paycheck for weeks , he seems to mysteriously have found the money to have taken up residence in a tropical resort .
 This movie is a cult classic , and deservedly so . Hilarious from start to finish , with dozens of lines that colleagues and friends in your office are quoting to each other every day.If I had a million dollars , the first thing I 'd do is buy the special edition of this flick . Well , OK - maybe the second thing ...
 The first time I saw Office Space , a few years ago , I thought it was not bad , but nothing all that special either . I must have watched it at least 10 times since then though , and each time I like it more . Now I 'd describe it as a comic masterpiece . I love what they 've done with the music , and many of the less visible characters , such as Lawrence the neighbor , are hilarious . I absolutely love all the characters in this movie , with the exception of the stapler guy , whose meek and mumbly humor I still have n't managed to appreciate yet . I think what makes this movie really extaordinary though is that it does such a great job of parodying the ridiculous aspects of the office environment . As outrageous as much of the material is , it really hits home with the millions who have suffered through similarly stupid situations at their own work . Not good for young kids due to some language , I 'd recommend it to anyone else who is looking for a good laugh .
 The interviews in this new special edition are great . Mike Judge and most of the cast talk about all of the bits in the movie and their origin . If you are a big fan of this movie , it is a must have !
 `` You see Bob , it 's not that I 'm lazy , it 's that I just do n't care . '' This line from this Mike Judge film sums up what Office Space is all about . If you sit in a cubicle 8 hours a day and mentally scream then Office Space is your bio-pic . This movie just oozes hilarity . From the corporate butt boy , Bill Lumbergh , played by Gary Cole to the ignored and abused Milton Waddams played by Stephen Root this is your work day . Ron Livingston gives an all-star performance as the hypnotized , hates his job , number cruncher Peter Gibbons . And , Jennifer Aniston , as the `` just the right amount of flair '' waitress Joanna does a good job playing it straight to Livingston 's burnt out Gibbons . There are also fine performances by David Herman and Ajay Naidu as Livingston 's co-workers . Director Mike Judge has a talent for making good comedy out of our normal mundane day to day conversations . This is a movie you can watch over and over . This DVD is a definite buy . It 's time to tear down the cubicles , at least mentally .
 This is a great set for Office Space fans ! But I got the exact same thing at Best Buy for under $ 22.00 .
 Office Space could very well be the funniest movie ever made . Yes , that 's a bold statement , but watch this movie , and you 'll most likely agree ! Is this movie only for those who have worked in an office environment ? No , but those who have will get the most out of it.It 's really hard to find many faults with this movie . The characters are developed well , Mike Judge -LRB- Beavis and Butthead , King of the Hill -RRB- did a great job in directing his first live action film , and the story is amusing and easy to relate to.By the time you see this movie 5 or 6 times -LRB- beleive me , you will -RRB- you 'll be reciting all of the funniest lines Monday morning at work . -LRB- There are more than enough to last for weeks -RRB- And that brings me to my next point . If you really dislike your job , watch this movie after an exceptionally bad day . You 'll feel so much better afterwards ! Just do n't try any of the things that go on in this movie at work . You 'll be fired for sure !
 From the opening sequence of the dreaded traffic jam on the way to work to the gut busting finale this film earned its comedic stripes . you wo n't find a movie this year that has this many memorable lines and bits from the running gag on Michael Bolton to the hillarious scene where the three frustrated office workers get revenge on a hated piece of office equipment . For anybody who works period this movie will be a haunting reminder of life in office hell ! Did I mention the fact that Milton is one of the funniest comic characters of all time ? -LRB- I could burn the building down -RRB- -LRB- If she 's lucky I 'll show her my oh face ! -RRB- Just a little taste of the comical lines of the movie . If you love humor and a movie that will just make you laugh over and over again rent or better yet buy this movie you wo n't regret it !
 After a breif run at the theaters , Office Space has found a renewed and vibrant life on video tape . It seems that everyone I talk to -- no matter what their age , background , or current job -- considers this film to be a personal favorite , a film that they can especially relate to . The reasons are pretty obvious . Everyone hates their job . Everyone feels that they 're working for idiots who fail to understand just how special and unique their neglected employees truly are . This is something that we all have in common , whether we work for a retail chain or a fortune 500 company . This is also a feeling that Office Space manages to perfectly capture.Taking place in Houston in waning days of the 20th Century , Office Space stars Ron Livingston as an affable computer programmer who has found himself stuck in a dead end job that requires him to spend countless hours looking over a code to make sure that various computers are Y2K compliant . Its a job that makes little sense to him but one that he 's expected to devote his life to . His coworkers are all incredibly -LRB- and realistically -RRB- annoying . Who has n't had to deal with someone like the `` Look 's Like Somebody 's Got a Case of the Mondays ! '' woman ? His boss 's -LRB- a hilarious Gary Cole -RRB- blandly friendly manner brings new meaning to the term `` corporate evil , '' while over in the next cubicle , pasty-faced Milton -LRB- Stephen Root , also hilarious -RRB- mutters about burning down the building . Finally fed up , Livington first seeks help from a hypnotherapist , pursues a relationship with a waitress -LRB- Jennifer Anniston who is sweetly likeable here but does n't have much to do -RRB- at a generic Chili 's - like establishment , and finally engages in a plan to embezzle money from the company.Obviously , the plot is a little bit ragged and at times , it seems as if director Mike Judge and his actors made up the plot as they went along . But no matter , the film 's quality is not to be found in the plot as much as in how it captures the small , realistic details that makes everyone hate their job . From the pointless memos to the corporate stooges , Office Space captures them all and sends them up in such a savagely hilarious way that the film serves as a wonderful catharsis for anyone whose just finished a hard day at work . Office workers will especially appreciate the scene in which Livingston and two recently laid off co-workers take revenge on an irksome xerox machine . -LRB- If not for the fact that children might be reading this review , I 'd quote the rap song that plays over this scene but let 's just say that its impossible not to cheer as our workers get their revenge . -RRB- Judge , best known as the creator of Beavis and Butthead , directs in an offhand , almost casual manner . There 's a relaxed air about the whole affair and you get the feeling that everyone involved in the film was having a good time . Luckily , the feeling is infectous . The film is also well-acted by everyone involved . Along with Cole , Aniston , and Root , good supporting work is given by Deidrich Bader who plays Livingston 's redneck neighbor . Ron Livingston is the perfect everyman lead for this film and gives a totally winning and likeable performance.With its portrait of mindless office jobs , Ikea-furnished apartments , and overly intelligent people struggling to find some way to establish some sort of individual identity in a corporate culture , Office Space at times plays like the gentler , slightly more juvenile cousin of Fight Club . Whereas Fight Club battled modern culture through violence , Office Space battles modern culture through practical jokes and whoppee cushions . Both films are must sees for anyone who has ever hated having to make a living .
 `` Office Space '' is , quite suprisingly , one of the top 3 comedies of the last 20 years in my opinion . It ranks right up with `` Ghostbusters '' and `` Back to the Future '' , but is a completely different type of movie.It is frankly brilliant . It 's humor lies in the satirical realism in its portrayal of white-collar borgeois ennui -LRB- I was dying to use those words -RRB- . Peter Gibbons is you and I
 I made the mistake of renting this movie the first time around instead of just buying it . If you work in an office `` cubicle '' environment , then this movie is for you . I have probably seen the whole movie through at least 6 times , and I STILL find little bits and pieces that crack me up . When your introduced to each of the characters , you 'll most likely be thinking `` Yeah , I know a person like that , maybe not exactly , but close . '' This movie is not for 10 % of the population ... those who have no sense of humor . The rest of us will enjoy and enjoy and enjoy ...
 This was a terrifically funny movie.The only part that was a bit uncomfortable was the foul language , which makes it a bit tough to view with your kids and family.The best part was Steven Root , who played the role of the hapless Milton . He played the part so well that I thought this guy Steven Root must really be like that until I saw him again in the movie `` Dodge Ball '' - he was totally different in that movie!Anyway , I went through the whole movie and transcribed everything that I could hear Milton say from the movie : But I. . . I was told that I could listen to the radio at a reasonable volume from 9 to 11 ... Well , I. . . I. . . I told Bill that if ... if Sandra 's going to listen to her headphones while she 's ... while she 's filing , then I should be able to listen to the radio while I 'm collating ... so I do n't see why I should have to turn down the radio , because I enjoy listening at a reasonable volume from 9 to 11 , and according to ... But I. . . I said I. . . I do n't care if they lay me off either because I told ... I told Bill that if they move my desk one more time , then ... then I. . . I 'm quitting , I 'm going to quit . And I. . . I told Dom , too , because they 've moved my desk four times already this year , and I used to be over by the window , and I could see the squirrels , and they were married , but then they switched from the Swingline to the Boston stapler , but I kept my Swingline stapler because it did n't bind up as much , and I kept the staples for the Swingline stapler ... oh , no it 's not OK because if they make me , if they take my stapler , then I 'll ... I 'll have to ... I 'll set the building on fire ... But , no ... I was told that I no longer had to move ... there 's no room ... but ... what ... but OK ... I could set the building on fire.I ... I did n't receive my paycheck this week ... I did ... and they said , no , ... I was told they could no ... but ... no ... . but there 's no space ... but ... no ... . I was told that I could stay ... uh ... excuse me ... eh ... . I believe you have my stapler ... OK , but last time I did n't receive a piece ... . And I was told that I could ... OK ... if ... but this ... . If ... if there 's ... there 's ... I ca n't see ... the cake ... there 's lots of cake ... but so many people ... the ratio of people to cake is ... too many ... . too many people ... the cake is moving ... there 's a piece of cake ... I could set the building on fire ... No , that 's really not my job , and I. . . I have n't received my paycheck this week ... -LSB- lights are turned off -RSB- ... Excuse me ... excuse me ... OK , but that 's the last straw ... Mr. Lunberg told me to talk to Payroll , and then Payroll told me to talk to Mr. Lunberg , and I. . . I still have n't received my paycheck , and he took my stapler ... and he never brought it back , and then they moved my desk to Storage Room B , and there was garbage on it ... and I do n't appreciate ... I can to talk to Mr. Lunberg ... OK ... but ... but ... I 'm just going to have to take my stapler back , because it is my stapler ... and I told ... it 's my stapler the Swingline ... that I 've been using for a long time ... Excuse me , excuse me , senor , may I speak to you Please ! I asked for a Mai Tai , and they brought me a Pina Colada ... and I said no salt , NO SALT for the margarita , but it had salt on it ... it had big grains of salt ... if I see it on top again , I wo n't be leaving a tip ... cuz I could ... I could ... shut this whole resort down ... Sir ! I could take my traveler 's checks to a competing resort ... . I could write a letter to your Board of Tourism , and I could have this place condemned ... I could put ... I could put Strychnine in the guacamole ... There was salt on the glass , BIG grains of salt ! ...
 Today we like to think of the modern-day office environment as the embodiment of all that is soulless about the corporate world . But in truth , the cubicle was designed to actually make life better for the average worker . It was designed to give them privacy and some degree of independence , as opposed to the previous custom of having rows and rows of desk next to each other in orderly fashion . So what went wrong ? `` Office Space '' is a light comedy , but it gives a lot of answers to the question of why the modern corporate office has become such an alienating place . It is because everyone is in their own world . We see it in the opening scene , even while the characters are driving to work in their cars . They each have their own way of dealing with traffic . They arrive at work already alienated . Furthermore , the cast of quirky characters in the film suggests that each person is in their own world
 Having been , in my more desperate days , a server for the oppressively corporate T.G.I. Friday 's restaurant chain , I can say with some authority that Mike Judge based Chotchkie 's more on Friday 's than on Chili 's or Applebee 's or any of those other horrible chains . The `` flair '' rules to which Jennifer Anniston 's character is forced to adhere are absolutely dead-on correct . In fact , about the only difference between Chotchkie 's and Friday 's is that the vertical stripes on the servers ' shirts are green , not red . `` Office Space '' is a cult film in that it really speaks to a certain segment of society to the point of leaving those outside that segment in the dark . Of course , the number of Americans who work in cubicles in suburban technology parks -LRB- and also in corporate theme restaurants -RRB- number in the millions , so the `` Office Space '' cult could be a very large one . Basically , if you work or have worked in one of these environments , you 'll probably love this film . If you have n't , then it probably wo n't be so compelling . As far as the plot goes , it 's very wicked and cutting and easy to follow , until Peter 's fraud scheme kicks in ; then `` Office Space '' becomes a rather pedestrian heist flick . But the first 80 % of the film is incredibly funny , with lots of memorable characters and unforgettable lines . My favorite exchange
 This movie is so funny and twisted . It 's got humor , a caper , a romance , destruction of office equipment ... what more could you ask for ? If you 've never seen it you should !
 If they ever decided to make a live-action `` Dilbert '' movie , it might resemble `` Office Space . `` There 's a lot of the same bitter surreality infused in this hysterically funny office film by Mike Judge -LRB- of `` Beavis & Butthead '' fame -RRB- , all about three rebellious office employees who have finally had enough . Filled with quirky characters and a hilarious employee rebellion , this is a movie for anyone who ever felt trapped in a soul-destroying job . Which is just about everybody.Peter -LRB- Ron Livingston -RRB- spends every day in a cubicle , doing pointless work under the thumb of his smarmy boss Bill Lumbergh -LRB- Gary Cole -RRB- . His life is boring , and he does n't even have the confidence to tell a waitress -LRB- Jennifer Aniston -RRB- that he likes her.Because layoffs are impending , Peter accompanies his controlling girlfriend to a hypnosis session , and is instructed to relax . Unfortunately , the hypnotist dies of a heart attack ... while Peter is still under his hypnotic influence . And nobody snaps him out of it . The next morning , Peter wakes up happy and laid-back -- and determined to get out of his rotten job , and live fat and happy.He conspires with fiery Samir Nagheenanajar -LRB- Ajay Naidu -RRB- and the ill-named Michael Bolton -LRB- David Herman -RRB- -- two coworkers who are about to be axed -- to skim money off the company 's assets with a secret computer virus . Only problem is , their scene is rapidly spinning out of control when the virus goes glitchy haywire -- and their scheme is threatened with exposure . `` Office Space '' started off as an early 90s animated skit , featuring the character of Milton . You know , that increasingly deranged employee who complains that `` you took my stapler . '' This time , Milton is a minor character , although a pivotal one . The focus is mainly on the mellowed-out Peter and his wild scheme to profit the downtrodden employees of Initech -- sort of like a crazier version of `` The Office . `` And Judge knows how to wring all the bitter comedy from this scenario . He creates a hysterical tangle of cubicle workers , layoffs and the most annoying boss in the history of film -LRB- `` Yeeeeeeaaaahhhh ... uhhhhhhh ... '' -RRB- . There 's a less interesting subplot about Peter 's unstable relationship with the equally POed-about-her-job waitress , but the real draw here is all the corporate cheating and craziness.This brand of humor is twisted , down to the slow-motion , ghetto-style beating of the copier in the middle of a field , and Peter receiving a raise because he no longer cares if he gets fired . And of course , the dialogue is quietly insane -LRB- `` Oh , and next Friday ... is Hawaiian shirt day ... '' -RRB- as the plot grows grows more and more tense ... until you know someone has to snap . You can see who it is way in advance , but it 's no less hilarious when it happens -- with disastrous consequences.The trio of lead characters are a riot -- there 's Peter , whose newfound perspective about what is important in life is immensely entertaining . There 's Samir , who can barely restrain his simmering rage at his rotten job , or his deep hatred for the copier . And there 's Michael , who has a seething resentment that he has the same name as THAT sappy singer . As for Cole , he 's utterly brilliant as a boss who is as endearing and appealing as a rake on a chalkboard . `` Office Space '' has become something of a deserving cult classic -- funny , strange , and sympathetic to the ants that toil in their cubicles . When you are n't laughing your butt off , you 'll be cheering on the disgruntled salami-slicers .
 Sort of a real world Dilbert . All the things that we have to deal with are exaggerated . This includes the office characters . Getting out reports , overtime and downsizing.Current events mixed with old tales and office lure mix to create one of the best comedies around . This film along with the red Swingline stapler had achieved cult status.As I look around -LRB- and stand up -RRB- I can see all the personalities depicted in this movie . If anyone wanted to see a movie that mimics real life this one is it and maybe `` Joe Versus the Volcano '' -LRB- 1990 -RRB- . This is much more real than `` 9 to 5 '' -LRB- 1980 -RRB- . Just a moment while I expand my cube . -LRB- * & * % $ # % $ & * -RRB- There , now where was I ? Oh yes , Jennifer Aniston shows her flash.It is interesting that the film was made in Austin and Dallas where I am writing this . It must be a sign on some sort.You will see the old story of skimming percentages of a cent off of transactions with a new twist.I have to go now the copier is calling!Marley and Me -LRB- Single-Disc Edition -RRB-
 This movie has always been one of my favorites to laugh at . It is fun to watch with just about any one .
 Funny , funny Funny , Anyone who has worked in a `` cubicle '' atmosphere has to get this DVD . !
 Gavin PackAlthough many recent college graduates dream of working in a corporate job with their own corner desk and a front row parking place , that fantasy is not always realized . Instead , many are thrown into a life of dull , repetitive work , and made to work in a cubicle with no windows . Mike Judge satirizes this mediocre life in his movie Office Space , the story of Peter Gibbons , a man so bored with his day to day routine that he finally snaps . In this parody of `` Corporate America , '' Judge earns laughs with witty dialogue , but also breaches a deeper meaning through his uncannily realistic view of work in a dysfunctional company . I really enjoy this movie , not only because of the comedic aspects like the extreme characters and sarcastic banter , but also because of its relevance to the modern workplace.Generally , critics love Office Space as much as its cult followers . However , there are some movie critics that disagree . Rick Groen claims that the writer and director , Mike Judge , can not follow through to the end of the feature length film because of his background primarily in short TV cartoons . Instead , Groen sees the film as starting off strong , but losing steam towards the end . But overwhelmingly , reviewers of the movie praise the `` good-natured comedy about the suppressed rage and paranoia of unappreciated employees '' -LRB- Elias -RRB- . Although professional critics see the movie as cunning , witty , and uproarious , Office Space did not generate a large crowd at the theaters -LRB- Box Office Mojo -RRB- , and even a smaller fan base . I like to think that I am a part of the cult culture surrounding the movie , much like the groups that are so fanatic about movies like Fight Club or Donnie Darko.The issues brought up in Office Space still apply to many people , even though there is a relatively small fan base . Contrary to the movie Clockwatchers , in which jokes about an office environment quickly go away , `` revealing a surprising , almost surreal core of unhappiness and mistrust among its central characters , '' all of the serious issues brought up in Office Space are hidden subtly behind parody and satire -LRB- Davis -RRB- . Of course , most Americans ' lives are not quite as dull as Peter Gibbon 's , since the movie Office Space is a parody of corporate culture in America . Not only does Peter Gibbons have a dull and repetitive job -- updating bank software for `` the 2000 switch '' -- but he is also stuck in a cubicle , depriving him of all natural light . Just to the other side of his cubicle wall is a huge window , with a great view of a tree and some rolling hills . In one scene , after Peter snaps , he unscrews the outside wall of the cubicle and knocks it down , letting all the papers and memos fall everywhere . Aside from his cramped and unnatural workplace , Peter is under several middle-management level executives who all seem to have overlapping responsibilities . Each one stops by to remind Peter that he failed to put a cover sheet on his TPS report . The vice president of the company where Peter works , Initech , is Bill Lumbergh , represents the stereotype of corporate bosses and the antagonist of the movie . Lumbergh repeatedly asks his employees to come into work on Saturdays while he roams around the office aimlessly with a cup of coffee , instead of actively managing his employees.Perhaps Office Space pokes the most fun at the way companies hire `` efficiency consultants '' to help with productivity , but in the process of streamlining the consultants completely halt all work . The two consultants hired by Initech in the movie are known as `` The Bobs '' and meet Peter after his snap . In this sudden change , Peter takes on an attitude of complete apathy after his therapist suffers a heart attack in the midst of hypnotization , leaving Peter in an unrealistic state of deep relaxation . Ironically , The Bobs are completely taken with Peter , even after he openly admits that he really `` does nothing '' all day . Other employees in the company do much more work , like Peter 's friends Michael and Samir , but they are fired for reasons clear only to the consultants . Instead of keeping workers that are efficient , The Bobs keep Peter , who is disrespectful to his boss and plays Tetris all day . These kinds of consultants are a parody of the type of corporate planning and strategizing that became so popular in the 1990s . Lumbergh , the VP of Initech , is also seen in front of a whiteboard reading `` Planning to Plan , '' another stab at new ideas and attempts to streamline corporate offices that really defeat their own purpose.One of the most praised aspects of the movie is its larger than life characters . Because of his background in animation , Mike Judge exaggerates the characters ' personalities so that `` every personality trait is magnified '' -LRB- Ebert -RRB- . Characters like Bill Lumbergh , written to be the stereotype of a corporate boss in the 1990s , wears `` gold-rimmed aviator glasses , a ski-resort tan and a contrasting-collar dress shirt , '' and Tom , a 50ish functionary who lives in constant -- and justified -- terror of being downsized , '' are played out to the extreme by the actors . Peter 's two friends , Michael Bolton , who resents the famous singer with his same name , and Samir Nagheenanajar , whose last name no one can pronounce , both dislike their jobs , but appreciate the security . After they are both fired , they take out their anger at the company by taking their misbehaving copy machine to an empty field and destroy it with baseball bats . The most animated character and my personal favorite is Milton , an employee who was `` let go '' years ago , but through a glitch in the payroll continues to be paid every week . Instead of deciding to take on a lifestyle of apathy , like Peter , Milton combats the stresses of corporate life by being overly protective of his possessions , especially his stapler.Not only does the movie Office Space poke fun at corporate businesses , but it also satirizes the mediocre lives of the people that work in those jobs . Mike Judge expresses the impatience of many Americans through his subtle and witty humor in a satire about life in Corporate America . Everyone who has worked in an office can pick out at least a few foibles from some of the extreme characters that remind them of past or present coworkers . The issues brought up comically in the movie resonate with its audience long after the final credits . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 One of the funniest movies I have seen . See it if you work for a living , you will identify with the caracters . Do not watch it if you are a CEO or manager who thinks things would not function without your bogus abilities .
 This classic comedy will always entertain audiences , but the viewers who work in corporate America will recognize the truth between the laughs . Great movie .
 Movie
 I watch it over and over again . Very funny movie and something most office workers can relate to . Reports due , incompetent managers , etc
 If Dilbert were made into a movie , this would be it ! The characters in this movie are so funny . The boss is really , really irritating . . but are n't all bosses ? You 'll find yourself nodding in agreement a lot of the times . I am so thankful that I have an office , I do n't know what I 'd do if I had to work in a cubicle .
 Great movie , very funny , jokes were in very good taste for today 's comedy -LRB- I tend to like the dirty comedy -RRB- . Anyway , as far as the review from anonymous , Bend OR , maybe if you stopped bending over and taking it in the A ## then you would find the humor in this movie .
 If you work in the corporate world - you know how true this movie is ! The red stapler in the movie , I saw it on swingline.com . I got it and it 's great ! It makes me think of this funny movie every time I use it !
 Yeeah , this movie was gr . . ate ... I 'm afraid I 'm going to have to ask you to buy this DVD , that would be gr . . ate . . Sincerely , Bill Lumberg -LRB- aka R.K. -RRB-
 This is my favorite comedy ever ! The plot is original , the cast is great and the jokes are hilarious . Highly reccommended !
 Funniest movie I have ever seen . A must see for anyone who has ever had to work in a cubicle
 this movie is a must-see for anyone who works in an office . end of story .
 Well , after seeing atleast my 3rd time , I have come to the conclusion that this is a definate must see ! I can honestly say that anyone who is having a bad day from work , will be healed insantly by this film.At my school and job , it is not the easiest time , as I am sure you all can understand . -LCB- I go to both work and school -RCB- Well , this movie can do wonders for your mind.Some funny scenes in the film are Michael Bolton 's scene . -LCB- Best known as Mad TV 's David Herman -RRB- . Those scenes were great!There is much more I could say to suede you into seeing this movie , well I relly do not want to . LoL.This a must see ! I had seen it before , a few times , then 3 days ago I received the new addition , I have watched it once , and I am sure I will watch it by Friday , -LCB- Thursday -RCB- Have A Nice LiFE!Ryan
 This movie is for anyone who has suffered a printer jam , worked next to someone loud and annoying , had a boss from Hell . This movie will get you to laugh . Especially enjoyable on particularly bad week at work -LRB- preferably cubical style -RRB- .
 Mike Judge , mostly known as the creator of the innocently stupid Beavis & Butt-Head , conceived this surprise comedy masterpiece that has gained quite a following since it 's initial release . Ron Livingston stars as Peter ; a man so stuck in his cubicle at his dead end job that he undergoes hypnosis and decides not to do anything at all . As he puts it best later on in the film
 This is a perfect movie to watch while compiling your TPS reports . It would be just GREAT if everyone bought this movie on Blu-Ray !
 This Movie is a necessity for any person working in corporate America.It describes very well all the instances and the reality that some many of us go thru when getting to work on a daily basis .
 This never gets old to me I do n't know why , great comedy buy this now .
 This is a surprisingly pleasing movie , whether you work or are too young to get a job . The film makes fun of work , all sorts . From Cubicles , to peppy waiters , to the wonderful `` ehs '' of construction workers.Ron Livingston plays a man who is tired of his job . After getting hypnotized , he quits caring about his job , and gets his friends to go in on a scheme with him to get rich by stealing bit by bit from the company . But , when one of his accomplices screws up and too much money is taken out , they have to worry about what they 'll do to cover up to keep from getting put into a federal prison.The only problem I have with this movie is that its content got a little too needlessly mature for me . This film could have been just as good without all the cussing . But that 's just one problem with an otherwise REALLY funny film .
 This is by far my favorite movie in the world . Trust me , watch this movie and your dvd player will be seeing your Oh face .
 Office space is the funniest movie i have ever watched . I am a teenager and comedys are an important movie topic in our lives . Our lives revovle around movies and T.V. Office Space was introduced to me through my brother . He told me I had to see it . I watched the movie with a few of my friends , and i almost had a heart attack , i was laughing so much . Very memorable scenes in the movie . `` Thats my stapler '' Funniest movie ever . I recomened this movie to anybody that doesnt have any heart conditions or is pregnant . -LRB- just to be safe -RRB- I dont know why this movie was not really popular . But thanx to me I spread the word of this movie to every single on of my friends and i let them borrow my video of office space , and they told everybody , after a week , everybody in my high school was talking about it .
 I am a big fan of Mike Judge . I really love the shows `` Beavis and Butthead '' and `` King of The Hill '' . This movie had pretty much the same kind of silly humor . That guy with the stapler was so funny ! Anyone who has n't seen this should go see it right this minute .
 Mike Judge , the man behind the notorious duo of chuckling , burrito eating idiots Beavis and Butthead , manages to capture the frustration of cubicle drones everywhere in this nifty little comedy . The cast was well chosen and it 's an overall entertaining movie . However , there were a few `` adult '' scenes that only damage the charming effect that the plot has on its audience . All in all , it 's definitely worth owning . A must have for anyone anywhere who hates their job .
 Um , yeeaahhhh . I 'm gon na have to go ahead and give this movie five stars . Yeah . And I 'm gon na have to go ahead and say that it is an instant classic . Yeah . OK ? Greeeaaat . `` Watch out for your cornhole ! ''
 Written and directed by Mike Judge , creator of Beavis and Butthead and King of the Hill , Office Space is based on the old Saturday night Live , '' Milton '' cartoons . The film stars Ron Livinstone as Peter Gibbons , and Jenniffer Anniston as Joanna . Peter , who is getting so stressed out by his job consults a dr. who hypnotizes him . But before he can take Peter out of the trance , he passes away making Peter temporarilly carefree . The next day despite his boss Lumberghs wishes , Peter skips work , and comes in on monday and takes no crap from his boss by destroying his cubicle walls playing Tetris while he 's supposed to be working and putting dead fgish on the TPS reports , and after having a meeting with two hired consultants Peter gets a promotion , but finds out his two best friends are gettings fired . Peter and his friends hatch a plan to lose the company millions , but theyll soon regret it . Office Space also has some smaller parts by bigger celebrities like Orlando Jones , Stephen Root , and Diedrech Baker . If youve never seen Office Space you have to see it , simply put , Office Space is one of the funniest movies ever . So quit your job and watch Office Space .
 All of the preceding reviews were very true to the film but left one thing out - the soundtrack . The idea of a hardcore rap soundtrack for a film about a bunch of white people working in an office would seem ridiculous , but I 've rarely seen a better use of songs during a movie . Right from the start , with Michael Bolton singing along to gangsta rap in his car , the soundtrack was an integral part of the film , rather than a few songs heard in the background during street scenes so they could be included on an album . I actually was so impressed with the use of music in the film that I did n't catch some of the subtler humor until I watched it a second time . I 'll never get over the perfect joining of the slow motion action on screen during the execution of the scam , with the song ` it feels good to be a gangsta ' being played over it . It was genius .
 This great sleeper of a film had me laughing from the get-go . The characters are likable -LRB- well , some of them , the ones that are n't steal the show too :-RRB- -RRB- , and funny , the one-liners are great , the situations hilarious . The adorable main lead and his two cohorts-in-crime are funny , witty , and , in some cases , sleepy ! Let 's just say it all starts with an innocent hypnosis session , and just goes downhill -LRB- uphill ?! -RRB- from there . I do n't want to give too much away , but it 's a whole lotta fun watching some Slackers take over a tightwad office , and ... . gasp ! , getting promoted ! To middle-management , no less!Other highlights are as follows
 This move is a real gutbuster . I work in a cube farm for a big corporation and the director might as well have filmed on location in my office . Lumberg , Milton , Michael Bolton , that schlotkies kid with all that flair -- every character was realized perfectly . I absolutely LOVE that scene where they clobber the fax machine like mobsters beating up a snitch . This is a modern day classic .
 I fell in love with this movie . Although I panned it at the box office , I saw it on HBO and was hooked . A true memorial to the working stiffs of the world ...
 Even those with the 5-star reviews can admit it
 Um ... yeah , I 'm going to have to ask you to watch this movie ? Because it 's hilarious ? Um , yeah ... thanks .
 This is a great movie that was made by the creator of Beavis and Butthead , Mike Judge . Mike Judge even played a part in this movie as Jennifer Aniston 's boss.This movie is about a man -LRB- Peter -RRB- who gets fed up with his job and is sick of wasting his time in an office and he just wants to do what a human is `` meant to do '' . Which is nothing . He encourages other workers -LRB- Samir and Michael -RRB- to both do as he does . Eventually they all work together to steal money from the company . The plan backfires , and they decide to pay the money to the company . However , the building burnt down and that was the end of the business . Samir and Michael get new jobs at a similar place , while Peter becomes a construction worker . This is a great movie that has quite a bit of humor , and very good story line . Anyone who has n't seen this definitely should.P.S . The beginning of the movie is exceptionally funny . : -RRB-
 If you 've ever worked for a corporation and dwelled in ` cubicle city ' , then this one 's for you ! You have to watch this movie . Ron Livingston and Jennifer Aniston are excellent in this film . It 's taken from the `` Milton '' shorts and is absolutely hilarious !
 Office Space was clearly a movie produced for individuals who have ever either worked in an office and those that never have . Either way , you picked up a paycheck from some scummy employer that probably robbed you each paycheck and you did n't know how to get back at them . This includes every working adult.If you ever went to work and wanted to impose serious bodily injury on your boss or just wanted to tell them to shove it , this movie is for you . If you ever drove away from your employer hoping that one day the building you worked in would burn down , this movie is for you . If you ever wished death on that woman that every single day pissed you for some reason or other , but basically just no reason at all , this movie is for you . If you ever wanted to just quit your crappy job , but kept on going and then got promoted because of it , this movie is surely for you.Ron Livingston -LRB- who plays Peter -RRB- performance in this movie was OSCAR worthy . It transcends the feeling of every working American from the time period that this movie was produced at , set in the 1980 's until today -LRB- 2006 -RRB- . This movie transcended time and space and I believe will become as important to the fabric of America as the Sound of Music and the Star Wars movies one thru three . Livingston 's simply lays out what every single American office worker has every felt in the history of office work , F the establishment and do it with pride.Having seen this movie numerous times I know where the jokes , but I have yet not to laugh with gusto and amazement how this film portrays the exact feeling of what it is too work in America , both in the 1980 's and today . Regardless of your age , 18 to 88 years old I believe that this movie will bond generations of American workers throughout the centuries for the rest of all our lives . Mark my words and watch this movie .
 Office Space is one of the best comedy films of all time . It 's one of those films you 'll go back to watch certain parts -LRB- or the whole thing -RRB- over and over again . The movie captures many of the comic nuances of working in the business world -LRB- bosses that do n't really do anything , disdain for office equipment , ridiculous coworkers , and most importantly , promotion through neglecting responsibilities -RRB- . The character of Lawrence adds countless additional laughs with his down to earth , simplistic views on the world . And , of course , Jennifer Aniston fits in perfectly , adding beauty and humor . In short , it 's good .
 This is one of those movies that you can watch over and over again and still laugh and smile at . The humor is everyday living , which makes it something that we can all relate to . I think it 's one of the best movies out there . If we ca n't laugh at ourselves , what 's the reason for living . Get it and you 'll get you 're laugh for the day ! : -RRB-
 the first half of this movie is extremely funny and the rest is just ok . the only way you would n't find this movie funny was if you never have worked in an office , or if you happen to be the boss in an office with the personality of the boss in this movie .
 Office Space is a great movie . It 's one of the many DVD 's I own . It 's from the creators of Beavus and Butthead so you know it 's going to be great . It comes on Comedy Central just about every weekend so if you want to buy it that 's fine but if you want to record it and get it for free , that 's even better .
 this movie is the funniest movie ever ... it is so true to the normal working enviroment ... it will make u laugh for sure ...
 In a nutshell , this movie is a wicked take on the wretched life of software engineers.I worked in the software industry for just one year and I am still able to relate whatever happens in this movie to my daily routine . The `` PC-Load Letter '' printer , the efficiency experts , the manager with the coffee mug . . man ! everything has been so accuratly portrayed ! Yes . . life as a software engineer does become monotonous so quickly that you will start searching for an psychiatrist , as Peter does.I did not like the ending of the movie and the little `` techno-heist '' that these people plan . The movie was funny and hilarious till the last few scenes and somehow became a little dull and boring at the end . Maybe the directors thought that it is compulsory to have some sort of a story in the movie ... just for the sake of having it . -LRB- Not a good idea at all ... -RRB- Gary Cole -LRB- Bill Lumbergh -RRB- , Ron Livingston -LRB- Peter -RRB- , Ajay Naidu -LRB- Sameer -RRB- and David Herman -LRB- Micheal Bolton ! -RRB- have done an excellent job , while Jennifer Aniston does n't impress much . . Maybe that 's because of her script or something.Anyways , this is a great movie to own ...
 If you 've ever worked in a cunicla this is the movie for you .
 Rather simple , yet very funny film for those who work in an office . Great characters . Cult-like following -LRB- like Fletch , Swingers , etc. . -RRB-
 I think this film is hysterical . The RED STAPLER in the movie is on swingline.com . I got it and it 's great ! It makes me think of this funny movie every time I use it !
 This movie ranks right up there with some of my most favorite comedies . Definitely one that I 'll watch over and over again .
 This movie is like a time capsule from before the fall in the garden of Eden -- I mean , a movie about software engineers , set in 1999 -- and the words `` IPO '' , `` World Wide Web '' , `` Start-up '' , or `` DOT-COM '' are never spoken ? ** sigh ** simpler , happier days , because neither are the words `` stock-market crash '' , `` bubble '' , `` 9-11 '' , or `` terrorism '' uttered . Nothing here disturbs the serienity of our hero , and his quest to do absolutely nothing , in the hopes that it wiil be everything he thought it would be ... Watching this movie , about engineers in their mid-20 's , brings back so many memories of how it was for me being an engineer in my mid-20 's , trying my best to adapt myself to corporate lifestyle , clumsily chasing women , and trying desperatly to enjoy the last shreds of my fast-fading youth.There are so many priceless scenes in this movie -- Ron Livingston is on a date with Jenifer Anniston , when she askes him the dreaded question `` what do you do for a living ? '' What software engineer ca n't help but cringe along with our hero ? Just exactly how are software engineers supposed to answer that question ? Heck , our bosses ca n't even comprehend what we 're doing . Any attempt to explain will inevitably make us appear geeky and then boring , but we ca n't just lie , can we?On the topic of lying -- my wife -LRB- who works in P.R. -RRB- claims that engineers are incapable of lying -- and that is what is holding them back :--RRB- This movie of course has to document the inevitable doom which falls upon our hero when he boldly tries to lie like no engineer has lied before ... But the best metaphor of the movie , IMHO , is poor Milton , who , at a corporate birthday party for the boss , has to keep passing along slices of birthday cake to everybody else -- the cake , symbolising the rewards gotten from submitting yourself to corporate life -- the cake passing right under his nose . He can see it -- he can almost taste it -- and he has earned it , by submitted to the endless humilliations , both large and small , of corporate life . But the cake keeps going , going , right under his nose , passing him by , untill its all gone . Just like my lousy stock options.Buck up , Milton 's of the world ! Corporate birthday cake tastes as lousy as sour grapes , anyways : - -RRB-
 Anyone who works in a cube will immediately identify with this movie ! It was an instant classic for me . I do n't know many people who do n't own this DVD .
 One of the 5 funniest movies I know of . But I do n't think this was a good move , in retrospect , for Ron Livingston . He is so hilarious and memorable in this role that , at least for me , it has been impossible to take him seriously in any other role , such as the officer in BAND OF BROTHERS .
 This disk was not quite in as good condition as it was made out to be , but it plays fine in a DVD player and for all practical reasons was a good buy . Shipped in about the amount of time expected .
 This movie is hilarious ... if u own a dvd player , u must Buy Office Space !
 Ron Livingston stars as Jeff Gordon in this thinly-veiled homage to NASCAR 's Winston Cup Series in the late 1990 's . Against all odds , the young outsider finds a way to fit in and succeed in an environment wherein success is typically reserved for those who normally take a much more well-travelled path of self-induced pain and humiliation -LRB- IE , the Busch Grand National Series -RRB- . > Also starring Jennifer Aniston as Brooke Gordon -LRB- who is obviously the Perfect Woman ... who ELSE could look that good and share an affinity for the 1970 's classic TV show `` Kung Fu '' -RRB- and Diedrich Bader , who in all his mullet-headed glory plays the working class `` everyman '' representing NASCAR 's collective `` true roots '' fanbase who learns to accept -LRB- and even work side by side with -RRB- Livingston 's self-actualized hero by the end of the production ... this movie cleverly presents to those not normally inclined to follow Winston Cup auto racing the intricacies and complexities of a typical race season from Daytona in February to Atlanta -LRB- most years -RRB- in November . > Of course this is all complete nonsense ... but reviews that claim this movie was based on the reviewer 's own 9-to-5 gig are hopelessly passe ' by now . Understand simply that this is an extremely funny movie . `` Beavis & Butthead '' may have made a name for Mike Judge before this came along , but if there 's any justice at all in this world , Judge will be remembered for this movie ... and Tony Stewart will be kicked out of Joe Gibbs Racing in time for the 2002 NASCAR season .
 I have never had an office job in my life and I still love this movie . I 've watched it over and over and it 's still hilarious . The Godfather-esque printer scene is a classsic in its own right , and the witty jokes fly by at record speed . You have to see this movie a few times before you catch al of them . The characters are all cast perfectly and Judge does a great job of making the office seem like hell -LRB- Nina is especially annoying -RRB- . Overall a great movie .
 Umm ... yeah ... I 'm gon na have to go ahead and say this movie gets better everytime I watch it . A great movie , with a great ending . If you 've never seen it , its a safe bet to buy this movie . If you have seen it , than you know it 's a good movie !
 Very funny movie and your office life will never be the same after you watch this .
 This is a pretty funny film . There are some really good scenes.The story is about a high tech company that has become top heavy with employees over the years . The head of the company hires a consulting firm to come in and review/fire the dead wood.Our hero become accidentally hypnotized into thinking that he needs to start doing things that are important to him , not the company.Anyway , he starts going -LRB- or not going -RRB- to work when ever he feels like it . He dresses anyway he likes . He does whatever he wants . The rest of the employees think he is crazy . The consultants think he is under motivated . They reccommend that he be promated.The things he and his friends get into are hilarious . The office is non stop cubicles ... Jennifer is an added bonus to this film . Not a big part , but she in it often enough to be considered on of the four main characters.Good flick .
 Yeahhh I love this movie - Um , yeahhh nicely done DVD .
 When a Middle Class White-Collar Woker -LRB- Ron Livingston -RRB- , who is stuck at a dead-end job . When his Hyponthreapist drops dead at his first session . He somehow resurrected himself as a more relax -LRB- Actually Lousy -RRB- worker . When he actually become a better person , he gets his first Promotion and Dates a attractive woman -LRB- Jennifer Aniston -RRB- but when he tired of working , he plans and tries to create a Computer Swindle.Written and Directed by Mike Judge -LRB- TV ` s Creator : Beavis and Butthead and King of the Hill -RRB- made one of the most crude and clever , very amusing comedy . This film has already become a Cult Classic . This film is actually based on a short animated film called Milton . Grade : A - .
 This money is hilarious . This is an ideal movie for anyone who lacks motivation and does n't care whether you are someone like Peter Gibbons or just anotehr apathetic teenager , anyone can relate to this . It satirizes those annoying bosses who keep on repating themselves and always are carrying their coffee mugs not doing anything but surveying their employees .
 This money is hilarious . This is an ideal movie for anyone who lacks motivation and does n't care whether you are someone like Peter Gibbons or just anotehr apathetic teenager , anyone can relate to this . It satirizes those annoying bosses who keep on repating themselves and always are carrying their coffee mugs not doing anything but surveying their employees .
 I 've seen office space a few times not and it never gets old . You see the same scene and you still find it funny . It 's really an off center comedy for anyone who like those types of movies .
 If any movie best replicates the obsurdity of the white collar/cube life , it is this movie.Mike Judge has pegged the 90 's corporate mentality and made it into one of the funniest and least respected movies of the late 90 's . Ron Livingston does a great job with a role that could have been totally ruined with the wrong actor and Jennifer Aniston steps back and let someone else take the limelight , for once.The soundtrack for this movie adds another layer to the hilarity , with its gangster rap background to the vanilla white/nerdy office goofs.This movie will especially delight those that work in the I.T. or I.S. departments .
 I 'm only 16 so I have n't experienced the life that this movie is based on , but I still think it 's hilarious . My brother bought the movie a few years ago and I 've watched it many times and never get tired of the humor . I think that pretty much everyone would find at least some parts of this movie laugh-out-loud funny . The characters are so great , especially Milton and Bill Lumbergh . This is one movie that I think everyone should consider buying , because once you 've seen it for the first time you 're bound to want to watch it on many more occasions ... and force all your friends to watch it with you !
 That this movie is one of the best comedies ever ? I have managed to make every person I work with watch this movie . It is so true to life , and you know and understand every single personality in the movie that I think it should be considered a classic . There is a classic quote in almost every scene , and believe me , I say them all the time . I was also thrilled to see Gary Cole in this movie . I thought him talented way back in his `` Midnight Caller '' days . He has even more talent than I gave him credit for . He will give anyone the heebie jeebies , and will make you want to wash after seeing a scene he is in . Ron Livingston is the great every man , and as always Jennifer Aniston plays another `` Rachel '' kind of character in this movie . Aside from her , it is a pitch perfect cast and I watch it whenever I 'm having a `` case of the Mondays '' .
 Mike Judge 's profound comedy `` Office Space '' has a surprisingly large amount of layers to its foundation . Perhaps one of my personal favorites , `` Office Space '' explores the daily struggle of Peter Gibbons , played brilliantly by Ron Livingston , a computer programmer at Inatech Corporation . Day in and day out , Peter and his co-workers Michael Bolton -LRB- David Hermann -RRB- , and Samir Naenanagadd -LRB- Ajay Naidu -RRB- are subjected to the same treatment , with tedious requests from those in upper management , mainly Bill Lumbergh , played to perfection by Gary Cole . Peter longs for a life other than his own , where he is not confined to a cubical , following the same time consuming , miniscule procedures from 9-5 . Finding he can take little or no more of this abuse , Peter enlists in the help of a hypnotherapist . Peter is put under a spell that allows him to relax and forget about his problems or his unsatisfying career . While still in the transe , the hypnotherapist collapses and dies , leaving Peter in a state of utter contemptment . As a result he does not show up for work the next day , and does not convey any emotion when his girlfriend reveals that she has been cheating on him . He shows up to work in sandals , asks his dreamgirl -LRB- Jennifer Aniston -RRB- on a date , and shows the upmost disrespect for management . Still , somehow , after a meeting with the efficiency experts , the `` Two Bobs '' , including another typical enthusiastic performance by Al McGinley , Peter is offered a promotion due to his honesty , `` It 's not that I 'm lazy . It 's that I just do n't care '' . On a side note , amazingly enough , this is the message I had been trying to convey , but could not find the words to do so.Upon learning of his promotion , he is informed that his two friends , Michael Bolton , who made a drastic mistake when asking to simply be referred to as Mike , and Samir , whose unfortunate last name can not be pronounced by anyone , are to be fired . When brought to the attention of his pals , they form a plan to steal a large amount of money from the company through a computer program . But when Michael makes a severe mistake on a `` Monday detail '' , their plan falls apart.Peter 's journey on self reflection continues with the subplot focusing on his relationship with Joanna , a pretty waitress played by Jennifer Aniston , who also revolts against her demanding employer -LRB- a cameo by Judge -RRB- and his fixation with `` flare '' . Perhaps the highlight of the film occurs in which Peter completely rebels against authority , as he steals Lumbergh 's parking spot , knocks over the walls to his cubicle , and places fish guts on top of the dreaded `` TPS Reports '' , all while `` Damn it Feels Good to be a Gansta '' by the Getto Boys is playing.In the end Peter avoids jail time , and begins a job working construction , thanks to an unsuspecting Milton , the abused co-worker played by Stephen Root . This movie is much more than a comedy , although it can be viewed as only such . However , I feel that this film has an inspiring message for the average man . Though we ca n't all be millionaires and have careers we enjoy , it is still possible to make the best out of a potentially bad situation . For Peter , it was Joanna . `` I may never be happy with my job . But I think I could be happy with you '' . This is a great film with standout performances and inspired dialogue . `` Office Space ''
 From the creator of beavis and butthead and king of the hill , brings you a movie that shows in important message in life , `` work sucks '' . The performances in this movie are amazing . They are amazing from performances from everybody . This film is a smart and intellectual film about a day in a life in a hard worker . And how they get mad of all the work they have to suffer through.The story goes as Peter Gibbons -LRB- Ron Livingston -RRB- really just does n't feel like going to work anymore , he really really hates it , and wants to get fired . With his new attitude and his new girlfriend Joanna -LRB- Jennifer Aniston -RRB- he gets promoted and still hates his job and wants to make his boss pay for making his life miserable . He then figures a scam with his friends Michael and Samir . It is a triumph!This film has really no special features . It has the theatrical trailer for the film , widescreen anamorphic 1:85:1 ratio , and cast and crew info . They should really come out with a special edition set of this movie . It should have commentary by Mike Judge . But the film still covers it . It is a smart comedy . Can be complicated , so you made need to watch this more than once if you do n't know about office jobs like me . This is a must see film .
 The premise of this film is very weak , that of a guy who finally sees the light and decides to `` not go anymore '' to his dead end job . The true merit of it lies in showing almost every possible office situation that can happen , while not really exaggerating them.Peter Gibbons -LRB- Livingston -RRB- works at Initech , a software company like thousands others , in a thankless job checking lines of code for the Y2K glitch . He 's numb from all the stupid , meaningless work he and his co-workers , Michael Bolton -LRB- no , he 's not related to the singer -RRB- and Samir Nagheenanajar -LRB- `` No one in this country can ever pronounce my name right ! '' -RRB- , have to do . He has the &uuml;ber boss , Lumbergh -LRB- Cole -RRB- who makes him work saturdays and who pays very little attention to what Peter says or does . There 's also Joanna -LRB- Aniston -RRB- , the waitress from Chotchkie 's , the restaurant next door who Peter secretly likes , but has never had the guts to talk to . There 's even the consultants , Bob and Bob , who are downsizing the company.Office space is a really fun movie and has gained a little bit of a cult following -LRB- especially Gary Cole 's character -RRB- . It also has a great soundtrack , with very clever use of some rap songs . The acting is pretty good , very natural and simple , which goes well with the simple storyline . This is a fine film to own , you 'll watch it many times over the years!The movie was based on characters created by Judge -LRB- Beavis & Butthead -RRB- for a cartoon that used to play on Saturday Night Live , called Milton , for Stephen Root 's character , a mousy , mumbling man who works at the office . Judge also makes a cameo of sorts , playing Stan , the manager at the restaurant where Aniston 's character works . Also of notice , The Drew Carey Show 's Diedrich Bader appears as Lawrence , Peter 's next door neighbor and Orlando Jones does a cameo as a magazine subscription salesman .
 This movie has all of the makings of a cult classic . Scores of office workers , myself included , have watched this movie over and over again , and memorized the lines . Because we work in an office , we can relate to the characters , the office atmosphere , and even the restaurant where they hang out . The movie also has great one liners , an interesting story line , and good acting from even the minor characters.However , do not buy this DVD expecting to see deleted scenes and other extras . Only trailers are included on the DVD . For most purposes the VHS copy is serves the same purpose and is five dollars less expensive .
 This is an absolutely genius movie . If you have not seen it , you 're missing out . I do n't know what to say , but you will watch it over and over again , and it will not fail to have you rolling on the floor laughing , literally . So simple , yet so hilarious ! It 's my favorite movie , period . Perfect concept , perfect acting . Perfect .
 This film goes to great lengths to exaggerate minor problems people face everyday , and make them Funny . I work in a factory on the shop floor , ands I can relate to many of the `` problems '' facing this trio of office workers plus 1 . You start off laughing as an old man using a walker , is walking faster then the traffic , Peter , keeps merging into the Moving Lane to try and get through the traffic quicker only to have to jam on the breaks , and see the traffic in the lane he was just in start moving . The movie has you holding your sides laughing at the mishaps that abound throughout . Rated R for Language and a humorus sex seen with Peters boss .
 GREAT movie ! I especially appreciate the office humor after having worked for two large semiconductor manufacturing companies ... wo n't mention any names . Anyone in similar fields will really appreciate the humor in the movie . The soundtrack is n't too bad , either .
 I just bought this movie for my stepfather because I thought he would appreciate seeing this movie . I saw it a couple of years ago and thought that it was so funny ! It 's directed by Mike Judge who created `` Beavis and Butt-Head '' and `` King of the Hill '' . It definitely has that kind of humor in it . In some ways it 's probably an honest look at how some people are treated at work and how some people try to take revenge . It 's a very good movie .
 This is the ultimate movie about the office world , and you owe it to yourself to watch this movie if you have ever worked in an office . The flair edition is great , and I especially love the portion about the consultants .
 As far as funny cult classics go , this tops the list . Although a first-time viewer may not appreciate the humorous subtleties that are laden in every minute of this film , frequent viewing will remedy that problem.This is a required part of any comedy library . Get it !
 If they made a live-action `` Dilbert '' movie , it might resemble `` Office Space '' -- a hysterically funny office film by Mike Judge -LRB- of `` Beavis & Butthead '' fame -RRB- . Filled with quirky characters and a hilarious employee rebellion , this is a movie for anyone who ever felt trapped in a soul-destroying job.Peter -LRB- Ron Livingston -RRB- spends every day in a cubicle , doing pointless work under the thumb of his smarmy boss . His life is boring , and he does n't even have the confidence to tell the pretty waitress -LRB- Jennifer Aniston -RRB- that he likes her . In an effort to relax , he accompanies his controlling girlfriend to a hypnosis session . Unfortunately , the hypnotist dies of a heart attack ... while Peter is still under.The next morning , Peter wakes up happy and laid-back -- and determined to get out of his rotten job , and live fat and happy . He conspires with Samir Nagheenanajar -LRB- Ajay Naidu -RRB- and ill-named Michael Bolton -LRB- David Herman -RRB- -- two coworkers who are about to be axed -- to skim money off the company 's assets with no one the wiser . Only problem is , their scene is rapidly spinning out of control . `` Office Space '' started off as an early 90s animated skit , featuring the character of Milton . You know , that increasingly deranged employee who complains that `` you took my stapler . '' This time , Milton is a minor character , although a pivotal one . The focus is mainly on the mellowed-out Peter and his wild scheme to profit the downtrodden employees of Initech.Judge creates a hysterical tangle of cubicle workers , layoffs and the most annoying boss in the history of film -LRB- `` Yeeeeeeaaaahhhh ... uhhh ... '' -RRB- . This brand of humor is twisted , down to the slow-motion , ghetto-style beating of the copier in the middle of a field . And of course , the dialogue is quietly insane -LRB- `` Oh , and next Friday ... is Hawaiian shirt day ... '' -RRB- as the plot grows ever tenser.The trio of lead characters are a riot -- there 's Peter , whose newfound perspective is immensely entertaining . There 's Samir , who can barely restrain his rage at his rotten job . And there 's Michael , who has a seething resentment that he has the same name as THAT singer . Jennifer Aniston does a pretty good job as a love interest for Peter -- a waittress who hates her job as much as he hates his . `` Office Space '' has become something of a deserving cult classic -- funny , strange , and sympathetic to the ants that toil in their cubicles . Make more movies , Mike Judge -- especially if they 're as good as `` Office Space . ''
 Anyone who has ever worked in an office environment with at least a medium-sixed company can relate to this fantastic film . One wonders why Mike Judge does not direct more . He 's an enormous talent and this movie is dead on target . Virtually anyone who has work in an office can identify with out of control birthday celebrations , the joy of working in a cubicle , the big bosses creeping around , and the unGodly threat of consultants.I remember my own meeting with a consultant . Talk about bubble-brained . I 'd love to get paid for a job like that . And oh . . the timesheet thing and multiple job codes . I swear Judge must have visited the place where I USED to work ! Anyway we 've got Peter Gibbons -LRB- Ron Livingston -RRB- working to update Y2K software for the company he works for . He hates it ... he 's bored with it ... and his bosses keep hounding him for TPS reports . One day he just decides to not show up for work . He 's not quitting . . he just is n't going to go anymore . He comes in finally to pickup his address book and has his meetings with the consultants played marvelously by John C. McGinley and Paul Stewart as the `` Bobs '' . Peter explains how he comes in late and only does about 15 minutes of real work in a week . The Consultants immediately see him as management material and want to promote him ! Classic ! Richard Riehle as Tom Smykowski has a classic meltdown when he meets with the consultants screaming , `` I HAVE PEOPLE SKILLS ... I 'M GOOD WITH PEOPLE !!! WHAT THE HELL 'S THE MATTER WITH YOU PEOPLE ! '' Gary Cole steals the show as smarmy , do-nothing boss Bill Lumbergh whose shallow politeness makes you just want to poke his eyes out . When Peter finds out two of his buddies are going to be laid off they hatch a plot to infect the accounting software with a virus and move money into an account they 've opened.Jennifer Aniston is Joanna who has her own work problems working for one of those generic bar & grill type restaurants and Steven Root is tremendous as the sheepish , squirrely Milton who was supposed to have been laid off five years earlier but was never told.Judge obviously has a great grasp of the office environment and his biting satire of dealing with the firing of employees ought to serve as a swift kick in the butt for all greedy corporate upper management . Tremendous film that only gets funnier everytime you see it .
 One day I was wandering around the local video rental and I saw this on the shelf . I picked it up and noticed the names of Mike Judge and Jennifer Aniston and that have made me rent this movie , I did n't have any other on my mind and I did n't risk much taking this one . And that way I 've discovered one of the best comedies since Monty Python 's Life of Brian . Great satirical view on today 's work and life . I have n't seen such funny American comedy in years , with such a taste of humor -LRB- not like American Pie or Scary Movie -RRB- , without jokes about farting , vommitting and sperm . At last a intelligent film with great dialogs and few worthy observations of American society .
 I bought this movie cold - Never seen it before . . I was SO pleased.This has got to be one of the funniest movies you have ever seen . If you work in an office enviroment , or work in the IT sector this movie is the best . You 'll particularly like the gangland beating of the office printer.The story is hard to describe , but if I had to I would say that it 's the story of a man on his quest to do nothing ... absolutely nothing.I recommend this movie if you are between 14 and 50 . A little younger could watch it but they probably would n't get the jokes - a few of which are hilariously creud.Anyway you look at it you 'll love this movie .
 If you work in an office , you must watch this movie . If you have ever worked in a mall restaurant , you must watch this movie . If you are Stephen Root , you must come to my house and do the `` stapler routine '' until I fall out of my chair , laughing.These guys know what it is like to get your brain fried and your soul destroyed by the relentless meaninglessness of office work . From the dispirited singing of the birthday song for the boss to the lecture about wearing enough `` flair '' given to the waitress played by Jennifer Aniston , Mike Judge has nailed the worklife down . This is not a `` great '' movie , like `` Citizen Kane '' or `` Gone With The Wind '' , but it really belongs on everyone 's shelf . It is so nice to know that there are some people in Hollywood who know how the rest of us live.And then , there is Stephen Root . He played `` Jimmy James '' in `` News Radio '' and you just would not believe he is the same man playing `` Milton '' in `` Office Space '' . As for the DVD itself . It has lots of language options , the usual features , and good image quality . I do n't have the honkin ' big sound system , so I can not really say much about the sound quality ...
 To say the least Beavis & Butthead 's creator Mike Judge makes you laugh till you cry again . Only this time its about work . I mean from begining to end you will laugh . I thought I was gon na drop dead about mid ways through . My favorite character without a doubt is Milton Waddams -LRB- Stephen Root -RRB- , who is put through hell at work , even though he was laid off five years earlier , and by some glitch in the payroll system , he still recieves a paycheck ! -LRB- I mean he 's hilarious -RRB- ! Im gon na go by saying the same thing Milton always said to his bosses , `` Okay , I 'll set the building on fire '' . Dont Miss This !
 This movie has to be one of the top 5 funniest movies of all time !! It is -LRB- simplistically -RRB- the story of three guys stuck in ` cubicle ' jobs and the lengths they will go to get out of them . Peter , Zamir , and Michael -LRB- Bolton ! -RRB- are stuck at Initech , until a hypnosis gone awry makes Peter , basically , do nothing . When the company bring in efficiency experts , he starts telling the truth about his deadend job -LRB- and TPS reports -RRB- and actually gets promoted , while his friends , who are busting their humps , get laid off . Good eventually triumphs over evil and it 's all good.The movie is full of great characters , from the mumbling Milton -LRB- the movie is based this character , created by the same guy who made Beavis and Butthead -RRB- ; to the annoying boss , Lumberg ; the sweet girlfriend -LRB- played by Jennifer Aniston -RRB- ; and , of course , the hero , Peter Gibbons -LRB- played by Ron Livingston -RRB- . This movie is kind of an extreme version of the comic strip Dilbert , like what he would do if he actually listened to Dogbert . Buy it , you will laugh your buns off !
 Office Space is a hilarious movie and everybody should see it . Whether you are a kid , teen , college student , or a hardworking adult , this is a great movie . Very funny and Ron Livingstonin my opinion does a great job and has great personality . This movie has got something for everyone . PLEASE PLEASE watch it you WILL not be dissapointed . ...
 This is a mini-spoiler , but not much of one . Management actually tried `` Hawaiian Shirt Day '' at my office . It was called Beach Day , but it was all the same .
 If you have ever worked in an office , cubicle , or in computer technology you will find this movie hilarious . The only people that I have met that did not think this movie was funny were people who never worked in an office etc. . . There are many `` inside '' type jokes that you will only get if you can relate them to your own work experience . This movie will definitely become a cult favorite for the disgruntled office technology employee . Others might not get the entire joke .
 This movie is quickly becoming one of those cult classic comedies , and for good reason . This is one of the funniest movies I have ever seen . It makes you laugh like a stupid Adam Sandler flick but it is n't nearly as lowbrow . I 'd suggest it for anyone who enjoys the comedy genre .
 `` What am I gon na do with 50 subscriptions to Vibe ? '' . Watch this movie , and you 'll spend the rest of your life analyzing the `` cake to people ratio '' .
 This is one of the funniest movies I 've ever seen ! Mike Judge and his brand of humor truly know no bounds . Best of all , it was filmed in Austin , where I live ! No movie filmed here is even half this good ! You do n't have to work in an office to find this funny , you just have to know what it 's like to be human , and that 's kinda the point of this movie . It works on so many levels , and you 've never laughed so hard in your life . `` Watch your cornhole '' is probably my favorite movie quote . Could do without the rap music , but all in all , this movie is great , so check it out . Mike Judge is the man !
 This movie is sooooo awesome ! Even if you do n't work in a cubical you can still relate , because there is something or someone at every job that really gets on people 's last nerve ! I 've watched this movie over and over wishing I could do something like that to my workplace . Of course you could never get away with anything like that in real life and it would be a dumb thing to attempt , but that 's why we have the movie to watch , and it could possibly give you some inspiration to not let people run over you . Definitely a must see , but you 'll want to watch it over and over so BUY IT!Trust me . .
 So funny ; and it gets funnier each time you view it . Goofy plot , but has lots of ties to the reality of the workplace .
 I must try cleaning fish in my cubicle ! Never forget to think on disabling the nasty copy machine before leaving .
 There are a lot of funny movies out there , but not many can be said to have so perfectly skewered their subject that they become archetypes . `` Office Space '' fits this latter category , doing for the modern , post-1980 workplace what `` Monty Python and the Holy Grail '' did for the Arthurian legend . That is to say , `` Office Space '' has become a part of our common culture , with shared concepts like `` pieces of flair '' and `` Is this good for the COMPANY ? '' being common to the experience not only of cubicle slaves but all of us.Further , `` Office Space '' , despite its outrageous plot , is just close enough to the truth of modern corporate America to hit home . Companies do promote incompetents and lay off their most skilled workers , all in the name of short-term quarterly profits . They do treat their employees like drones while rewarding upper management for cheating shareholders . To see this all turned against them goes a long way in explaining the success of `` Office Space . '' It 's a classic .
 Office Space was made in 1999 , and still relevant in today 's job market . The sharp plot revolves around Ron Livingston as Peter Gibbons . His waking life is spent on a mind-numbing job in an office cubicle , reporting to eight bosses . He has two geeky friends that hope to raise in ranks at Initech , the company they all work for . Initech wants to downsize and increase profits by sending some jobs overseas , and eliminate others.Peter has a girlfriend that insists he go to therapy before they marry . He agrees and is hypnotized at a group therapy session . The overweight therapist that hypnotized Peter collapses and dies before he can take Peter out of the relaxing trance that makes him worry free . He is now open to do what he wants , not what he feels he has to do to fit in his bland reality . He was supposed to work overtime Saturday and Sunday , but sleeps through 17 messages from his boss and girlfriend.Peter goes back to work on Monday , not caring if he has a job or not . He decides to just leave , and no longer have to deal with his boss , -LRB- Gary Cole -RRB- . However , Peter is reminded that his appointment with efficiency experts is now and he should go . Because he could care less if he has his job ; his leisurely new attitude and total honesty about his work habits , the efficiency experts are impressed . Gibbons laughs that there is nothing to motivate him . The efficiency experts are impressed and ecstatic that they found a `` button '' to motivate a talented employee . He is promoted to supervise four people . On leaving , Peter sees that the efficiency experts plan to lay off his two close friends . The friends , along with Peter , hatch a crazy plot to get back at the company.The movie also follows the pathetic life of the office worker `` Milton '' and his red `` Streamline '' stapler . Milton moves from space to lower class space until his office is in the basement storeroom . Milton is key to the ending , as well as many laughs.The plot continues to develop , including Gibbons interest in a waitress -LRB- Jennifer Anniston -RRB- at the restaurant he takes coffee breaks at . There is also a scheme between Gibbons and his two friends on how to make money without working . The movie has some slow spots , but the laughs and parody of the realities of corporate culture make up a stunningly hilarious and relevant film .
 I 've owned every version of this film that 's been released on disc and the Blu-Ray version is a great addition . The picture and sound quality are probably the best you 'll see and hear for this film and makes it as enjoyable as can be.Sit back for an hour and a half and enjoy this topical comedy about working in an office atmosphere !
 Seriously funny stuff . I 'd have to say that there are a ton and a half catch phrases I use often at work from this excellent movie . With 500 5 star reviews , I doubt very much that you need a review of the story , so I 'll just say that it 's a fantastic goof on the world 's worst workplace
 Milton & Lumberg turn in characters and lines that will live on forever . The rest is pure gold as well . Office Space is as good as it gets .
 Gosh I love this movie , so much is true about what you find in life within cubicles . Every employee in this film fits what we have in our offices.Good humour , good fun !
 I finally got around to ordering this movie . It 's been years since I first watched it . It was every bit as good as I remember . It is a realistic -LRB- although exaggerated -RRB- view of the modern day workplace . The exaggerations lend to the humor of the movie . Great acting and solid story .
 Even though I have seen the movie before a few years ago , I bought it because a coworker never seen it before and wanted to show her how relative the movie is compared to our cubicle world as well as the actors who portray charactors that remind us of our other coworkers . After viewing it again , it made me question my own job like why and what am I doing here . Even the resturant scenes . It 's reality at it 's best ... . or worst in the corporate world .
 Maybe it 's because I hate my job , but I think this is the most hysterical movie I have ever seen . I watch it when I 've had a `` bad day at the office '' and it cheers me up every time ! Maybe because most companies are alike no matter what their business , I would really recommend this to anyone who can relate at all to work related stress , not just to people who work in cubicles in an office . After all , the rest of the workforce have jerks for bosses , companies that ca n't get their policies and procedures down , do n't know how to communicate and think the morale in their staff is great when it 's really in the toilet ! Additionally , I would recommend this to anyone who just likes a good comedy . I use clips from this movie in training courses I provide at work , about what NOT to do to your employees and I recommend this movie to all my friends and co-workers as therapy for when they are taking an I 'm `` sick '' of my job day off . I also love that now that it 's older the price is right and you can give it as a gift to work related friends . If you have n't seen it , skip renting and just buy it , you will not be dissappointed .
 Are you fed up with the mindless bureaucracy of your workplace ? nauseated with the importance of process over results ? anxiety ridden because of your job ? then Office Space is the movie for you . The setting for Office Space is an Information Technology company that processes transactions for Credit Unions , with a collection of employees that are all either bored , angry , aloof , incompetent , anxious or suffer from one of a hundred other maladies or neurotic manifestations . No doubt this sort of work environment will be familiar to most.It would be convenient to say that this is just another movie about how the corporate work environment drains us of our humanity , but Office Space offers us much more . The mindless bureaucracy , doing work solely to satisfy some inane process -LRB- PTS Reports -RRB- , the sense of detachment from reality is eerily reminiscent of a Kafka novel . Lundberg , the boss , who is completely unaware of what his employees do and how they feel , endlessly repeats his mantra of ok , ok , while his employees become more and more stressed and unfulfilled.Peter , the lead character , undergoes a profound Peter Pan like psychological transformation after which he is no longer motivated to do his job . He comes and goes as he pleases and begins to openly express his true feelings about the job and the environment . His new relaxed attitude impresses the clueless consultants , with their prepackaged prescription for transforming the organization -LRB- i.e. reducing headcount -RRB- , who have been brought in to fine tune the organization.Naturally , no story of this genre would be complete without a love connection between the main character and yet another troubled , trapped soul . Peter 's love interest comes by way of a waitress at a nearby restaurant who fights conformity by wearing only the minimum pieces of flair on her uniform . She endures the endless questioning from her manager about why she wears only the minimum pieces of flair , when she is so clearly and simply trying to preserve some part of her humanity.The dam of self-control that held the employees in check finally begins to crack when Peter and two of his co-workers hatch a plot of revenge against the company . Of course their plot like everything else goes badly wrong , but in the end it seems that justice is served.You will laugh out loud , you may cry at times , but if this dark comedy does not send your mind and heart in search of your humanity , sadly you have missed the point .
 With over five hundred reviews there has to be more than a few cubicle drones who 've vented their frustrations . I do n't work at one of those industrial park tech firms as portrayed here but I may as well . I have suffered more than my share of Hawaiian shirt Fridays and mandatory birthday parties than I care to count . This film is catharsis , even wish fullfilment , for anybody stuck in a dead-end job counting away the brain cells that are eroding from their person . Director-writer Mike Judge gets so many details right here from the insipid `` Cathy '' cartoons hanging in the cubicles to the malfunctioning office equipment that seems to have a personal vendetta against you . Ron Livingston is spot on as Peter the Everyman who just wants to take this job and shove it . Jennifer Aniston gave me a newfound respect for waitresses at strip mall eateries . Gary Cole is spot on as the most insufferable boss you ever had . Stephen Root gives an inspired account of the office sociopath that everyone tends to ignore . I remember when this film first came out it barely had a run . Fortunately for us through home video this film has a growing following .
 This is one of the best films of the tawdry late 90 's era . It is fitting that Mike Judge should be director of one of the all time greatest comedy movies from that time . It is perfect in that so many people can relate to it . It also has a brilliant , understated edge to it that grows on you as the movie keeps going.It is the story of a vastly overworked , inefficient office that is bursting with problems right under the surface . Our main protagonist takes some advice and visits a hyponist , whereupon all sorts of trouble ensues . Eventually , things culminate in one of the workers getting some gasoline and burning the whole building down to the ground.Along the way we get some perfect late 90 's / 00 's moments , from the white guy who listens to hardcore gangsta rap to the guy with the `` O face '' it just all rocks . Really just one of the best films of that entire era .
 A few years ago , monster.com instantly became famous with a Super Bowl commercial that featured a group of little children dreaming about growing up to hold unrewarding , miserable jobs . The kids said things like , `` When I grow up , I wan na file all day ... I wan na claw my way up to middle-management ... I wan na be a Yes-Man . '' `` Office Space '' tells the story of a group of workers who hold such jobs.Peter , the film 's lead character , suffers with the realization that his work has no meaning . To his company , the workers are simply cogs in the machine , interchangeable and unnecessary . Their salaries and benefits convince them that they can not live without their jobs , so they pretend to love their work , constantly justifying and rationalizing employment that numbs the spirit.Peter describes his life as a never-ending string of days that continue to trump the previous with degrees of misery and angst . He comes to work late , avoids his boss and tries to do as little work as possible , taking pride in the hours each week he spends `` spacing out '' in front of his computer . He works with equally miserable employees who spend their days dreaming about destroying the copying machine and longing for the former model of stapler that the company once used.After a Jerry Maguire-esque epiphany , Peter decides office cubicle life is not for him and the action of the film is set in place . His rebellion against his place of employment creates an ironic twist , as his forthright disdain for the procedures and protocols of the company earns him a reputation for honesty and outside-the-box thinking.A subplot grows from Peter 's infatuation with a local waitress who finds herself in an equally unrewarding job . Her boss paradoxically pressures her to seek individuality that conforms to other employees . She has no problem finding common ground with cubicle slaves who spend their days doing just enough to keep from getting fired.Politically , the film lashes out against jobs that force workers to constantly repeat tasks and procedures until they can do their jobs without thought . The duties drain workers of creativity and uniqueness , building a graveyard of zombie-like beings who spout out acronyms and lingo in robot-like monotones . Those familiar with this type of work environment will find the film to be painfully funny .
 The year was 1999 . I was working as a customer service representative in an office that looked eerily like the one in this movie . You know , one of those utterly bland suburban campuses . Our company had just hired `` efficiency consultants '' to `` analyze '' the business . Then one day a bunch of people get laid off . While there , management introduced a new phone system for tracking how we spent our time . We actually had to enter a code to use the bathroom so they could know how much time we were there.I remember sitting in the movie theater , not sure whether I should laugh or cry . Now 5 years later I can definitely laugh . I love the bit about the TPS report memo and the red stapler . Lots of rough language , but otherwise a real gem .
 `` Office Space '' gives a hilarious point of view of a cubical office job where one day you just get sick of working all together . After working over time , getting less respect and less recognition , Peter Gibbons decides he will take no more of it . This movie really will make anyone laugh their socks off let alone those who actually have cubical jobs that they go to everyday.Ron Livingston and Jennifer Aniston make a great couple in the movie and even add a short love story to the plot , although never really hinting at even loving each other . Stephen Root and Gary Cole bring out your stereotypical roles of the `` nerd '' and the `` foreign co-worker '' which adds more comedy to the everyday workplace . Peter -LRB- Ron Livingston -RRB- does a great job of portraying what many cubical workers really want to do , just stop working and caring about their job . This movie does a terrific job of creating a comical view of an everyday office job and anyone that has ever worked any job can relate and have a ball watching it.This movie is definitely one that can not really be compared to any other movie . You have to go out and see it for yourself . This type of `` office comedy '' can be extremely funny when used as it is in `` Office Space '' and no movie duplicates it.A movie like this could be compared somewhat to the comic `` Dilbert '' since one of the characters in the movie is actually based of the comic . The character Milton plays the role of the nerd in the office and does a good job of being the one who is always overlooked and criticized . Milton , although he does n't play a very important role in the movie adds a great sense of office comedy to the plot . `` Office Space '' is a great movie and although it is for a mature audience many families can still enjoy it together . I can watch this movie over and over again and I think it will really stand the test of time . You will love `` Office Space '' and every hint of office comedy that people see everyday .
 Excellent Cast . Excellent laughsGo buy it or Ill rip out your calves .
 This movie and its chararcters could have been straight out of my office . The condescending supervisor , the impromptu lay-off centered-meetings between employees , the copier/equipment that subsequently has my permanent footmarks on it . -LRB- I wish I could take it out to a field ! -RRB- . We even have `` specialists '' come in every now and again ... come to think of it , what happened to the guy who sat behind me ? For those who have n't worked in a cubicle , this is an excellent preview of what office work is like . And for all of us who live this movie everyday . . lets just take another hour to stare at our screens . . and look busy .
 Office space is a hilarious movie portraying the struggles of the working class . This movie staring Ron Livingston and Jennifer Aniston will leave you in tears . It is a real stress reliever . It will have you laughing right along with them as they struggle through the work week , and even the `` case of the Mondays '' . Do n't let this movie pass you by . Whenever you are feeling bit by the working class bug , this movie will make it seem all worthwhile . You 'll feel as if you have experienced the same or similiar experiences at your own job . However , this movie will make you feel a whole lot better about those experiences . This is truly a great movie to watch over and over . You 'll find different situations funny with every showing .
 This has to be one of my favorite movies of all time . I think anyone who has ever worked in an office will identify with all of the characters . There are days when I feel that the lead character played by Ron Livingston was based on my life . I must be `` having a case of the Mondays '' I used to work with a guy who insisted on only using his personal antique stapler . If anyone ever finds a hypnotist that can zap me into not knowing I went to work - please find me . Until then , I will continue to arrive late to work , enter through the back door , zone out for an hour pretending to work , and get an actual fifteen minutes of work done every day . This movie gets funnier every time . Everyone who commutes to work , especially in California , will also identify with the traffic scenes . After seein the movie , I can now at least smile a little thinking about how funny everyday , mundane life can really be .
 This film is not only hilarious but cathartic . Recommended for anyone , especially anyone who works in corporate America . The film plays off some of the cliches we face in `` downsizing '' companies . Some of the characters are caricature , yet somehow identifiable with many who infiltrate our work spaces with models , slogans , and the latest buzz words . Office Space is an effective antidote after a work week in a corporate cubicle ; some days , it may even replace a happy hour cocktail -- well , at least , enhance it .
 Sometimes the most simple of words say more than a very long review could . Think of this movie as you would if `` Clerks '' and `` Dilbert '' got together and had a baby . This is one of my all time top ten favorite funny movies.Overall-Just plain funny , if you have n't already seen it please do so .
 This movie impressed me more than I thought it would . It 's hard to find a good comedy these days . Well folks , this is it . It 'll have you laughing out loud every single second -LRB- unless you 're some management jerk . . -RRB- So already you have a great comedy about how pointless , boring and horrible many jobs are these days . But beneath the comedy , there 's an entire satire of modern life , and that 's what makes me call this movie `` genius . '' While it is a comedy -LRB- no tear-jerking scenes or anything like that -RRB- , I found myself saying over and over `` That 's exactly like real life !!!! '' which is why it 's a genius film that every Gen X'er or younger should watch!Watch , and laugh at the absurdity which surrounds you .
 This film is probably one of the top ten funniest films I have ever seen . If you work in one of the millions of cubicals in America doing meaningless paperwork for a stupid boss and dealing with idiots for co-workers , you will find this movie hilarious.Each character will remind you of someone you have worked with in your life -LRB- or maybe remind you of yourself -RRB- . Peter -LRB- Ron Livingston -RRB- is a computer programmer who puts in endless hours at a job he does n't like . He is asked by his many bosses to remember the TPS reports need to be done a certain way . What these reports are , no one seems to care . They just have to include a cover letter . His 2 best friends at work struggle with a copymachine that eats their papers . Some of his other collegues dream of making it big and leaving the company . Some have been beaten down so long by corporate culture that they go a bit nuts . Milton is a freakish little man who keeps getting moved to a worse desk . Milton mumbles and slowly plots his revenge . Will he have the guts to do it?The boss , Lumbergh -LRB- Gary Cole -RRB- is a total jerk played with an uncany resemblance to every idiotic `` manager '' I 've ever had . He swills coffee , talks about ` mission statements ' , and basically can not manage anything . His `` M-Kay '' response to everyone is about all he can say coherently.There is a nice subplot with Jennifer Annison as Peter 's girlfriend who labors unhappily at her job as a waitress . Even in the service industry , the workers are subjected to their own moronic co-workers and judgemental bosses . The only one happy with his job seems to be Peter 's neighbor who works outside in the fresh air as a construction worker.The movie has many themes . I know some will dismiss this as a light comedy , but I feel you can read into things . Peter 's lapse from good employee mindlessly droning on to a man who does his best to be fired , yet becomes promoted is very ironic . `` The consultants '' in the film remind me of other corporate types who really have n't a clue how to fix a darn thing.This is a funny film . You will be quoting it for days after!But , I urge you , if you have seen it on tv in its edited form , you have not seen the full story . Every time I caught it on tv , major scenes were cut off and I did n't quite get it . You have to see it on DVD or video . It is worth every penny .
 Seriously , this has got to be one of the funniest movies I have ever seen . -LRB- I would probably even say it is the funniest office-based movie of all time , except that now , The BBC 's `` The Office '' I think is honestly , flat out , the funniest office-based comedy . I know , it 's a t.v. show , but fans of the Office - get your buddy to tape these episodes . It 's a cross between `` Waiting for Guffman '' and `` Office Space '' . -RRB- The only thing keeping me from giving this 5 stars is that it starts out a little slow , and ends a little slow . But , the middle 3/4 's are seriously hilarious . I have only had 1 friend of about 10 think the movie was so so , and that 's a lot of different opinions . Anyway , we quote it at work all the time . BUY IT .
 For anyone who has ever worked in a cubicle farm , this is a must see movie ! You will find painfully real examples of work life that are skewered marvelously by Judge and crew.When this film was first release , I do n't recall it even managed a blip on the radar screen . Thankfully , DVD/Video release gave this film much-needed exposure.My favorite performance is Gary Cole as the boss , Lundberg . He has the corporate clone down to a T , and he perfectly embodies the boss who knows nothing but how to navigate corporate politics . And Stephen Root is a scene steeler as Milton.The DVD , on the other hand , is just a DVD . No extras to make it worth your while . I recommend renting until it 's re-released . -LRB- And films this popular generally are -RRB- . It 's too good a cult film for Judge and Co. to ignore this , and I can only imagine how worthwhile the deleted scenes would be .
 Wow ! Where did this movie come from , I saw the poster lots of times but I thought it would be a stupid movie . Boy was I wrong , this is one of the funniest movies I have seen in ages . From the man that brought us Beavis and Butt-head , Mike Judge , who also makes an appearence in the film . If you have not seen this movie , or if you were like me , and thought it looked stupid , go rent it right now . Trust me , you wo n't regret it .
 This movie is served best at the end of a long week when you find yourself repeating , `` I hate my job , I hate my job . '' If you 've ever tried to avoid your boss to get out of an assignment or have fantisized about destroying tempermental office equipment , this is the movie for you .
 Altough this is not a very widely known movie , it is one of my favorite all time comedies . It does not have many well known actors , but I believe they protray the daily 9 to 5 cubicle office job very well . I like the way Peter has a carefree attitude about working . The plot is entertaining and very comical . Since he dose n't like to work he just stops going and decides to make a computer virus to steal money from the company . There are so many funny lines in this movie . I have seen it many times and never get tired of it . I highly recommend it to anyone .
 Office Space is to ` working ' movies what Animal House was to college movies . Peter is your average guy who hates his job , barely enjoys his life , is trapped in a loveless relationship . . and in general has no control over his life . After being hypnotised one night , his outlook changes . Peter no longer cares about his job , and goes when he feels like it . He dumps his girlfriend and begins going after a waitress at his favorite haunt -LRB- played by Jennifer Aniston -RRB- . At the same time , his two best friends at his job are about to be fired in a shakedown of the company . Meanwhile Peter is going to be promoted ... this is when the hijinks begin . Another great turn in this film is the character of Milton -LRB- played by a barely recognizable Stephen Root most known for the boss in NewsRadio -RRB- . He mumbles constantly , and is put down all the time . Gary Cole plays Peter 's boss , and he 's about as self absorbed and snobbish as one can be . But rather than tell you the story , you have to see this one yourself.If you 've ever had a job you hated , and wished you could get back at your boss ... Watch this movie .
 I love this movie . After watching it once , I could identify 4 or 5 parallels to people I work with on a daily basis . I rented this movie once and decided that when it went to `` priced to buy '' status , I had to own it . The story becomes a little weak from the `` virus '' bit . But , the overall characters stand out in this movie . I know two guys at work who remind me of Milton -LRB- both are squirrelly and mumble a lot -RRB- . Mr. Lumberg -LRB- `` what 's happenin ? '' -RRB- reminds me of a guy who would say -LRB- every morning -RRB- , `` whaddya know ? '' . I also have two friends at work who have the same names as celebrities -LRB- ie-Michael Bolton -RRB- . Both Don Johnson and Mike Wallace are both employed at the same place ... and I 'm not talking about CBS . If you see it once and recognize someone or something that makes you laugh about your own place of work , then this is the movie for you to own .
 On return , Eddie Maloney has found all his belongings in places but people changed , as time and tide wait no man.Also still sexually desirable , `` Mullet '' - his nickname is for making a living by modestly fishing , on own experience gains a meaning of a `` One cann ' t step in the same water twice '' . Depicting distinctive local nature , movie provides a good insight of real nothing-to-do mateship-ruled sleepy Australia , where of a film characters are even much better financially than an average majority of real fellow-countryside credit-exercising population .
 I did n't know anything about Hello Kitty until my wife stumbled upon this video and now my 2 year old daughter ca n't get enough . She watches this classic fairytale story of Cinderella with Hello Kitty as the star , three or four times a day ! The video makes some new friends and provides a great message about neighbor 's helping each other . The story is wonderfully done and now we ca n't wait to buy some more videos !
 Granddaughter loved this on especially of hello kitty . . was a lot of fun to watch and she watched over and over as her mom did many yrs ago
 The Disney version of Cinderella is great of course but this Cinderella is REALLY cute.I recommend this video to all hello kitty lovers !
 Top Notch quarterback workout ! Complete instructional dvd with throwing drills and core training workout . Great instructional dvd for the youth player .
 This film is AMAZING . Its now on my top ten list of the best films ever made.Great character development , and full of irony.It makes viewers realize how trivial and unimportant `` things '' are . It also makes me sick of American culture , because simplicity is not an acceptable part of life here . I gained a greater appreciation of what I have and that I do n't need more . I love movies that make me think !
 This film is a poignant and evocative work about a German Jewish family that travels to Kenya just in time to avoid being sent to concentration camps . Jettel , the wife , does n't appreciate the danger she was in , and she immediately dislikes her adopted country and the people she meets there . Her daughter , however , adapts quickly and loves the people she befriends and the experiences she has . The family goes through a series of uprootings that stress them further , and what 's remarkable about the film is the balance of epic and personal scale -- the vast movement of people affected by war and the intimate joys and despair of a family . The cinematography is excellent and all of the actors are very fine . The film would be appropriate for family viewing.This two-dvd set for the Academy Award-winning foreign film has many interesting features , and the film can be heard in German with optional English subtitles .
 I just rented this movie yesterday , and I fell in love with the characters , wisdom , and internal challenges displayed so beautifully on the screen.This flick displays a side and time of Africa not usually depicted in the usual award winning flicks such as Out of Africa.Although Nowhere in Africa is indeed on the same level as Out of Africa , Nowhere gives us a brief look into the hardships of European refugees in Africa during a time of horrific world turmoil.I highly recommend this movie to all who enjoy truly magnificent scenery shots and intense emotional drama . I can say no more .
 The reneissance of German movies in the first decade of 2000 's reached one of its peaks with this epic film in `` Out of Africa '' vein , a foreign language film Academy Award winner of 2002 . Fairly conventional but delightful in many ways , the story of a Jewish family who had fled from Nazi Germany to Kenya is predominantly a family drama . In fact , it 's one of the most memorable `` marriage films '' of recent years . Directed and written by Caroline Link , the female hand clearly shows mainly in the character of the family 's father Walter -LRB- Georgia-born Merab Ninidze -RRB- , who is portrayed as a very gentle , soft and considerate , while his wife Jettel -LRB- Julianne Koehler -RRB- , who has problems with adapting to a whole new way of life , often toys with viewers ' sympathy . The film contains numerous -LRB- clever and realistic -RRB- references about central European -LRB- not so Jewish , for that matter -RRB- , African and English life and opinions , sports great music and cinematography and , simply put , is anything you may expect from an Oscar-winning film , which is an asset in itself .
 This very fine film about a family -LRB- man , wife and daughter -RRB- of German Jews who escape the Holocaust by emigrating to Africa , wonderfully evokes the shock of their being thrust into an alien land and culture and their various responses to and difficulties adjusting to the strangeness of it all.Beautifully filmed , with some of the best views of that landscape since Out of Africa , these are complex people with complicated responses to their situation . The father , a lawyer , resents having to be a hired hand on English-owned Kenyan farms and ranches . His wife hates the loss of wealth , privelege and the hardships of their new circumstances . They both miss and worry about the families left behind in Germany . Meanwhile , their young daughter , with the flexibility and adaptability of a child , takes to the people and the land right away and becomes more African than European in her sensiblity.Played with subtlety and restraint , the emotions and conflicts generated within and without the marriage are complicated and ring true . For that fact , the whole film rings true and creates its truths by accumulation of detail and the gradual revealing of character . We come to know and understand these complicated people.Well worthwhile , this is fine work in all departments . I do n't know if it 's a classic , but it is at least 4-1/2 stars .
 Simply put , NOWHERE IN AFRICA is a beautiful , beguiling film that explores the essence of what is `` home '' . The film begins in the snows of Germany in 1938 . Jettel Redlich -LRB- Juliane Kohler -RRB- and her 4-year old daughter are out for a day of sledding . Amidst the frolic , each is rudely knocked to the ground by anonymous fellow citizens . The Redlichs , you see , are Jews in Hitler 's Third Reich.Having suspected the direction that National Socialist anti-Semitism will take , Jettel 's husband , Walter -LRB- Merab Ninidze -RRB- , had previously given up his law practice and gone to Kenya to prepare ground for the family 's emigration . He 's gotten work as the range manager on a drought-plagued cattle farm . Despite the hardships , Walter writes to Jettel to come immediately with Regina and bring only the essentials and/or whatever the Nazis will allow them to carry . So , several months before Kristalnacht , mother and daughter take ship from Europe , leaving both sets of grandparents behind to their wartime fates.Depicting a span of nine years and `` told '' through Regina 's eyes , NOWHERE IN AFRICA examines the response of each Redlich to immersion in a vastly different physical environment and culture . Walter , the realist , embraces his new circumstances as the key to survival , even as his fortunes change multiple times over the course of the film . Jettel , arriving in Kenya a pampered , upper-middle class wife , learns the hard way . She 's initially horrified by the heat , dust , dryness , monotonous diet , local customs , lack of genteel amenities , and the necessity of having to interact with native Blacks . Regina -LRB- Lea Kurka and Karoline Eckertz -RRB- copes the best of all , beginning with her immediate attachment to the family 's congenial native cook , Owour , marvelously played by Sidede Onyulo . Of the three , the daughter becomes the most Africanized.After nine years , after having endured a roller coaster of experiences and a sometimes troubled marriage , Walter and Jettel must decide whether or not to return themselves and Regina to a defeated and devastated homeland . Do they owe anything to the country that rejected them and liquidated their relatives?Every aspect of NOWHERE IN AFRICA can be described by a superlative . It 's a sedately paced love affair with Africa in all of its seductiveness . Even locusts play a part . In the very last scene , perhaps Jettel and the viewer realize that `` going home again '' may not be an option when the realm of the heart has shifted forever .
 An excellent and moving film which depicts with clarity , humanity and insight the struggle of a German-Jewish family , fleeing Nazi oppression in 1937 , to adapt and survive in the deep isolation of inner Africa . The changes in each member of the family are beautifully illustrated over time . The characters are well developed . The complete assimilation of the family 's daughter into the tribal life through the love and guidance of the native cook is lovingly followed . Magnificent photos of African landscapes !
 Most movies about the Holocaust , however specifically or obstensibly , usually take place in Germany and have much shouting in German and moping in Yiddish . It was a nice change , then , to see a movie about ` the ones that got away , ' German Jews who actually escaped the hand of the Nazis and lived and worked far away . Nowhere in Africa , a recent winner for Best Foreign Film , is the story of the Redlich family , who raise their young girl on the plains of Africa while WWII blasts away in their homeland . For most of the movie , it 's an enjoyable little slice-of-life about clashing cultures and that underlying theme of the family 's tragedies overseas . Link 's nimble camera captures the country 's harsh beauty , and narration from the young daughter -LRB- in her older years -RRB- is warm and subtle . The drama within the family -LRB- unfaithfulness and the like -RRB- wears a little thin after a while , and the movie could have used a little more work in the editing room . Nowhere in Africa does n't exactly escape the trappings of its genre , but it provides some nice scenery chewing and some moments of stark beauty that make it worth a rental . GRADE
 This was a fantastic movie ! Truly awesome panoramic takes of Kenya . On big-Screen its just looks fabulous.Now I like the story ... very intriguing without the usual hollywood superlatives of sex , violence or Gore . The setting in colonial Africa does n't give the best context - the continent was strife with begrudged Africans fighting Imperialism so their `` flight '' is ironic when you consider where they end up . This is made up though with the personal relationships that transcend that socio-political period.I 'm curious to know what little Regina grows up to be . A racist colonialist or liberal enlighten Jew who falls in love with a native and lives happily thereafter . This would provide a perfect sequel .
 The story opens in 1938 , as Jews Jettel and her daughter Regina are preparing to leave Germany and join her husband who has found work in Kenya . Life on a poor farm in the bush is a shock to the spoiled Jettel , but 5 year old Regina loves it and the people , especially their loyal cook , Owuor . Over the next ten years , the family faces many challenges.This movie is based on the autobiography of the real Regina . With the war as a backdrop , it focuses on the relationship between her parents ; she 's selfish and stubborn , he 's hardworking and loving , and their marriage is a difficult one . Regina has her own adjustments to make when she is sent away to boarding school . The one constant in her life is her beloved friend Owuor , and his scenes were the most touching for me.The movie is gritty and realistic . The actors appear to have no make-up and the photography uses mostly natural light which , unfortunately , made everything in the shadows look inky black . Another drawback for me was the editing ; scenes jump from one to the other with no smooth transitions and there are many storylines that are never resolved . Since this is a true story , I would have liked to see an epilogue at the end telling about the family . It also seemed too long for me.It is a very interesting and poignant story about suffering and adjustment that conveys the horror of war without actually showing any footage . In German with subtitles . 3.5 stars .
 Other reviews give you synopsis . This review is more about the effect of the film on me , and why I think I was so moved by it.This is a love story , first , as the director and actors state in the special features . It is that . The story of a married couple who find that they have little really in common with one another , once taken out of their normal environment . It is the struggle to be oneself , yet be a couple , when all is said and done . However , it is the daughter and the Kenyan cook who create a magic that I have n't seen written in reviews . The daughter quickly adapts to the strange and different life in Kenya , as well as the English schooling . She lives in three worlds , easily . The cook is a wise man , who brings all of the characters together , as if he is the quiet sounding board for all.The interview , in Special Features , with the gentleman who plays the cook is fascinating , as he describes the difference between working with American crews and the German crew for this film , and it helped me to understand why I reacted so deeply to the script and the actors . It was how the Germans built the film around the environment and people rather than changing it to suit their own notions.Based on a true story , by the daughter , of her family 's survival and re-invention through intense change and pain . This is not a depressing movie . This is an uplifting one.This is a story about relationships . About diversity . About change and how people adapt . About love for human beings , as well as environment . One of the best films I 've ever seen .
 `` Nowhere in Africa '' -LRB- 2001 -RRB- is a new approach to the Holocaust tragedy , done now by a German film director
 Last night leaving the theater I had Nowhere in Africa , the deserving winner of Best Foreign Film in this year 's Oscars , at four stars . This drizzly Washington morning it is now at five for it sits on our minds over breakfast coffee as richly as when we had just walked out of the theater.A young Jewish lawyer in Germany as the Nazis consolidate their evil escapes to Kenya . As he lies recovering from malaria , nursed back to health by his African cook , his wife receives the delayed letter telling her that the Jewish society of Kenya has agreed to pay their passage to reunite the family . Parents and sisters are left behind to a certain fate ; life on an African farm proves hardscrabble at best ; the daughter , scarcely five on arrival and the voice-over narrator looking back on the years , finds a true home . The couple struggle in their marriage as much as in their efforts to survive . That they do eventually dwell successfully on the land is , naturally , almost entirely due to the friendship and loyal labor of the rural Africans they employ . The war ends ; the Nazis are put in the dock ; with each individual much changed from when he or she first arrived , does the family stay or return to post-war Germany ? All this happens under the towering African skies and in the vast bush beauty of rural Kenya.Nowhere in Africa runs well over two hours . It might have benefitted from losing ten minutes of its running time . Beyond that , there is nothing here to dispute -- acting is sensitive and nuanced , character development and change is thoroughly convincing , secondary characters add much to the main narrative ; there are even fine bits of humor -- the cook is a cook , period , but what fun for the villagers when he does one bit of woman 's work at the water hole.Nowhere in Africa , tragic in its long-distance depiction of the Holocaust , is also never less than a love story of people and place and memory . It is superb .
 Once again , European acting proves that its subtlety is more effective than American sledgehammer histrionics could ever be . Juliane K&ouml;hler shines as a complex spoiled-princess mother character . Despite my general distaste for child actors , I could n't help falling for the little girl in this film
 I very much enjoyed this movie . Unlike some others , I did n't think it was too long , or the English subtitles mysterious , or the Africans shallow . I particularly liked that for once an African character is central to the story , and more than just decoration . Sure , he was `` just '' the cook , but the extent to which the family came to respect , rely , and TRUST him made him part of them.I wo n't describe the plot , as that has already been done by many reviewers.Having lived in Kenya , I have to say that the European actors did a fine job with the Swahili , considering they were just memorized lines . Their delivery was natural , with the obvious caveat of the heavy accents . But even so , they all spoke like they understood what they were saying.I also thought this was a most unusual Holocaust movie and , while ever present , the Holocaust is not bashed over the viewer 's head . It was a good balance.Furthermore , the characters were all pretty complex ; the director could easily have fallen into superficial cliche , but did not . The love between husband and wife is frequently complex and conflicted , and this was illustrated artfully.If you like films about Africa , or complex , real-life type of love stories , or are interested in a virtually unknown aspect of the Haolocaust and WWII , this is your film .
 It 's a special form of torture to watch DVDs that feature Africa 's natural beauty when you live in China . The typical movie about what the Nazis did to the Jews does n't make me feel a damn thing . They 're so heavy-handed that all I come away with is blunt force trauma . This one 's different . A family ran like hell to Kenya or Nairobi or some damn place in Africa so isolated that it does n't even matter what we call it . Think of all the obvious themes you can . Then stretch your imagination and come up with a few more . All are covered here , with a subtle hand , and you feel it . Powerfully . You 're moved . You cringe over here and laugh over there , and in this other place you just get kinda disgusted with some people . Autobiographical , and it deserves its Oscar and its other awards .
 This was an absolutely incredible movie , about a subject of which I was largely unaware , that of German Jews who sought refuge in Africa in the early 1940s . It is based on a true story.The cinematography of the breathtakingly beautiful African landscape was outstanding , and the extra section on the DVD that explored the logistics of filming in such a remote location in Africa was fascinating.The Redlich family escapes from Germany and the movie details the varying reactions of each family member to their new environment . Walter , a lawyer in his native land , becomes a farm manager to survive . His wife , Jettel , misses her privileged life , and their daughter , Regina , adapts most easily to this place she comes to love.The family is aided by Owuor , who is ostensibly their cook , but is really so much more . He is their protector , defender , savior , teacher , and lifeline.The details explored in this movie are fascinating and compelling , as is the story of how these refugees come to identify with , and even love , their new homeland .
 Most World War movies veer around the gritty theme of the Holocaust and how many people perished under the heinous regime . Some movies such as `` Sophie 's Choice '' or `` Nowhere in Africa '' bring out the other aspect - '' people who escaped one horror , but underwent prejudiced treatment or disintegration after immigration to other countries.This film chronicles a German family that sought refuge in the idyllic arms of Kenya . Unlike the eulogistic `` Pianist '' it actively ventures into the wilds to struggle with the growing awareness of the Holocaust 's terrible toll around the world . Locusts , sacrificial lambs , etc lend the film its uncompromisingly graphic metaphors for the exacting beauty and danger of Africa.Apart from the breathtaking vistas of grassland Kenya , the best thing about the movie is that like a good John Irving novel , it 's not made up of heroes and villains . It is an unfolding narrative of human beings who face hardships and evolve through them . This requires a feat of casting that the film manages to accomplish rather convincingly -LRB- e.g. , the daughter in the family is an 8-year old for a part of the movie , then an adoloscent in the latter half . -RRB- Quick editing cuts and a swift development of a multi-faceted story , laced with a riveting score of African music , demands the audience 's attention from the first frame and holds it right until the credits.Some anti-Semitic words of the headmaster at the daughter 's boarding school , or some pithy dialog such as `` We are Jews even if that does n't mean much to you '' , dent the script 's eloquent but believable language.Yet , overall , `` Nowhere in Africa '' is a subtle tale of love and belonging couched in the times of war -- that state of humanity that continues to fascinate yet horrify us.A highly recommended gem of film .
 Barely escaping Nazi Germany before the borders were closed the Jewish family of Walter , Jettel , and their young daughter Regina immigrate to Kenya where Walter finds work on a cattle farm . During their stay they learn to survive the harsh African living conditions and climate , but more importantly , they learn that the differences between groups of people are beneficial for society . Both Jettel and Walter struggle to understand each other , and they find that their marital love and passion is suffering . Meanwhile , young Regina learns to assimilate herself in the Kenyan culture by befriending local tribesmen and young children . As time progresses she struggles to retain her memories of Germany . She is the most enduring character in this film . Her love towards Owour is remarkable and tender . The cinematography of the Kenyan wide-open spaces and distant mountain ranges are truly stunning and should n't be missed . The locust scene is especially well done . NOWHERE IN AFRICA provides a rare glimpse into the lives of Jews fleeing the German Holocaust and trying to survive in Africa , despite their apparent flaws and weaknesses . Well worth watching .
 This is one of the most stunning films I 've ever seen . I did n't realize it won the 2002 Best Foreign Film Oscar , and it well deserved it . It 's sad that young Americans are deprived from seeing such great cinema , their young minds corrupted by the non-stop deluge of Hollywood studio toy/violent comic book superhero commercial garbage saturating American screens . I was deeply moved by this film , excellent in every respect
 Highly recommend . It 's history and seeing it through the lives and personal experiences of this German family in Africa.You grow fond of them and appreciate the relationships they develop with the African people .
 There have been so many movies made about the persecution of the Jews in Germany , but I have never seen one like this that deals with how some of them escaped Germany . Walter , Jettel , and their young daughter Regina travel to Nairobi in the early thirties . Walter , a former judge , is forced to take a job as a farm laborer working for a British landowner . At this time during the Third Reich , all Jews were unable to work at their professions . Jettel , used to a more glamorous life of dinner parties , nice clothes , and servants , is forced to live in a country where there is a shortage of not only these things , but simple elements , like water . As the war progresses , this family is now considered the enemy , and for a time Walter is incarcerated in a British prison camp . Their luck changes due to intervention by a British officer who is more than an admirer of the lovely Jettel ! Walter becomes the manager of a farm of the landowner who is involved in the war . The member of the family who quickly picks up the language and culture of the natives is Regina . Eventually the family grows to love the people and the country but another wrench is thrown into the whole picture , and it is the ending of the war . Does the family go back to a country that once rejected them and is now in ruins ? Or should they stay and make a new life in a place that also has a lot of unknowns ? I think that all of the actors played their roles very well , including the native actors who spoke in their own language . The rest of the film was done in German , some parts in English , and it was even more amazing that the young actress who played Regina mastered the native tongue of Kenya .
 This movie was very moving . It tells the story alot more realist then most history books . It was long , but worth the 3 hours .
 The German film `` Nowhere in Africa '' provides a fascinating glimpse into a little known chapter in World War II history . The film tells of a handful of Jews who , on the eve of the war , fled to the wilds of Kenya to escape the rising tide of anti-Semitism in their home country . The movie focuses on a lawyer named Walter , his wife , Jettel , and their daughter , Regina , who narrates the tale.The foundation of the story rests on a series of interlocking ironies . First , these Jewish refugees find themselves being treated in a more humane fashion in this ostensibly `` uncivilized '' society than they were in the so-called `` civilized '' one they 've been forced to flee . Second , the men in this dislocated community end up fighting against their own native country , eagerly joining the allied forces in their attempt to overthrow Hitler . Moreover , Jettel , although she and her family are themselves victims of prejudice and bigotry , still feels superior to and looks down upon a culture and a people she believes are clearly inferior to her own . Finally , as the war comes to a close , Walter and Jettel virtually trade places in their attitudes
 First movie that I have seen in quite awhile that left very impressionable and positive images in my mind , for many days after the initial viewing.Lots of dedication , committment and a tolerance to another culture is clearly shown in this movie ... excellant crew and list of actors and actresses !
 This is the story of a Jewish family fleeing Nazi Germany in the 1930s . They go to Kenya , a place as foreign to them as another world . However , at least they are safe . The father , played by Merab Ninidze , was a former lawyer . Now he runs a farm in a rather desolate area . He suffers from Malaria and is nursed to health by an African cook , played by Sidede Onyulo who teaches him to speak Swahili . When the Jewish man 's wife and daughter arrive , there is a lot of adjusting to do , especially for the wife , played by Juliane Kohler , who spends her last money before the trip on a ball gown . The little girl , who is about 6 , is played by Lea Kurka . She 's the first one to adjust and easily makes friends with the village children.That 's just the outline of the story however , which is told against the backdrop of historical events . When war is declared , the family is now considered German by the English authorities ruling Kenya and put in a rather luxurious detention for a while . The marriage is troubled , the daughter is sent to an English school . The family learns what it is to be different . And yet , they grow to love their new home . There are serious questions to decide when the war ends.I found this film fascinating , especially in the parts where there were culture clashes . It was filmed in German , with a bit of Swahili and English . This added to its authenticity . I do n't know if this was a true story or not , but it sure seemed real to me . Definitely recommended .
 I finally had the opportunity to view this movie last weekend . It is a truly remarkable picture that embraces the humanity of people in desperate times and the struggles to cope with the sudden changes in their lives . I wo n't go deep into the structure of the plot and the character development . My suggestion is to watch this DVD in the biggest screen possible . Only then will you cherish the photography and the landscapes of Africa . What I took out of this picture was the fact that even though this judeo-german family has fled Nazi-run Germany , they face the fact that they are strangers in this new land . Even more interesting is what this couple has to go through to realize if they in fact know each other as husband and wife . Their statuses as Bourgeoisie where she was the family lady and he was a proliferating law practitioner in Germany are brought down to the core when these social masks are taken off . The one that has the least trouble adapting to this new land is their daughter . She sees life with the pureness of a child that finally ends up influencing both her parents . Over the course of the movie , you are provided with moments and clues into their thoughts and worries , often providing the sense of doubt between the couple , the daughter 's adaptation , and the reality that no matter what they do , there is a place waiting for them post World War II . Enjoy !
 I went to see `` Nowhere in Africa '' somewhat reluctantly . It was a German film and I have not seen too many good German movies lately . My experience in that area was not very good . But this time I was up for a huge surprise . It was a beautifully crafted film with everything in place . This film was very well balanced with good story , the nature scenes , excellent acting of all actors , the director , the cinematagraphy , and the mosic . I was drawn into the film within the first few minutes and its strong hold lasted for two and a half hours . Yes , it is a long one but you do n't really notice that time but you notice enjoyment.The twists and turns in the story make you think and you think hard all the way home from the theater . You think and you want to discuss it , to share your thoughts . And I mean good thoughts , very possitive thoughts ... After this movie you can really see that we do n't live just by ourselves but we live all together .
 While `` Out of Africa '' acquainted movie-goers with the wild territory of Kenya while spinning a yarn of romance , adventure and failure , the new film `` Nowhere in Africa , '' which gives us English subtitles for the German content , breaks out with a story of compassion , passion and the perils of human relationships set against that country 's splendor and ancient customs . The set-up in the first act , examining one Jewish-German successful lawyer 's foresight in his family 's future in Germany in 1938 , convey 's the fright of living in a Nazi regime . But when the picture goes to Africa , it 's hard to remember where this man , woman and child originated ; they are totally without direction or purpose other than to stay alive . As their worse fears play out in the homeland , the story delves into the trio 's interpersonal relationships and raw emotion . Without giving away the strongest elements of the film , I was mesmerized by the performances of everyone , and most impressed with the depth of emotion displayed by their daughter who grows into womanhood in the veldt and the help of a Neirobi boarding school . The angst of the Jews during this time in history is never far from the forefront of the film , while the couple , spent physically and emotionally beyond imagination on very foreign soil , undergoes a series of transitions that grasp your attention . It is a beautiful presentation , well deserving of its Academy Award this year for Best Foreign Film . It will leave you with a newfound discovery of the push and pull of lovers in a transitional world where nothing -- even the evening meal -- ca n't be taken for granted .
 Establishing cultural contrasts in the opening scenes -- German children playing in snow alternating with scenes of an African riding a bicycle through the dry , hot plains -- director Caroline Link creates a sensitive portrait of the Redlich family , German Jews who acknowledge the rising anti-Semitism in Breslau in 1938 and abandon Germany for Africa . Walter Redlich -LRB- Merab Ninidze -RRB- , his wife Jettel -LRB- Juliane Kohler -RRB- , and young daughter Regina -LRB- Lea Kurka -RRB- , forced to leave their extended family behind , relocate to a remote , subsistence level farm in Kenya.Regina , like all children , quickly becomes fascinated by her new life and the cultures she discovers . Walter , now working as a farm manager instead of as a lawyer , and spoiled Jettel , who has brought along her Rosenthal china instead of a refrigerator , face more immediate difficulties acclimating to the culture and their changed circumstances.Director Link places the emphasis here on the impossibility of the family 's `` fitting in '' because of the differences in language , race , education , religion , and former lifestyle . Their African cook Owuor -LRB- elegantly played by Sidede Onyulo -RRB- , however , helps them adjust to their new lives , and a warm relationship evolves between them , especially with young Regina . When war breaks out , Walter is interned by the British , later joining Operation J , a group of Jews Against Hitler . Jettel must recognize the realities of life , adapting to what is , rather than what used to be.Link focuses on Africa , not the Holocaust , revealing what is happening in Europe through letters , not through direct scenes . Merab Ninidze plays a realistic Walter , agonizing over the fate of his family in Germany and impatient with Jettel 's spoiled petulance in Africa . Juliane Kohler movingly portrays Jettel 's transformation from protected wife to a woman with goals , totally committed to making the farm work and freed from the social restrictions in Germany . Lea Kurka , outstanding as the young Regina , has the enthusiasm of youth , an unrestrained love for Owuor and the African children she meets , and the ability to accept being an outsider at the British school she attends , resented because of her academic success and German roots . Eventually , the family must decide where , if anyplace , they really `` belong '' and whether to accept repatriation.The cinematography by Gernot Roll emphasizes the harsh reality of life and its day-to-day tedium , not the romantic sunrise-on-the-Serengeti shots of many other African films . Academy Award winner in 2002 for Best Foreign Film , the film emphasizes real life , real hardships , and real cultural differences , stressing the innate belief that humans , no matter how tolerant of other cultures , function most effectively and most happily within a shared heritage . Mary Whipple
 You can judge a film by the company it keeps , and amazon 's always spot-on recommending technology tells me that fans of ` Nowhere in Africa ' are also interested in the following current releases
 The year is 1938 . Walter Redlich , a Jewish lawyer , has been living in Africa for six months . He moved there from Germany , all too aware of what the rise of the Nazis meant for he and his family . In Africa , he works as a simple farmhand near Nairobi . At the start of the film , we see him writing to his wife , Jettel . He is sending the money she and their daughter , Regina , will need to board a ship and head to Africa . He tells Jettel that it does n't matter how long it takes the boat to reach Africa , as long as it takes them . He knows that the worst is yet to come for their country.Suffice it to say , Walter 's wife and daughter make it to Africa , but to divulge anything more about `` Nowhere In Africa '' would be to take away from it , for much of the enjoyment derived from it is not knowing what will happen next . This is a movie that captures your interest and does n't let go , even at the end . As the credits were rolling , I found myself wondering what would happen to the characters next . That is the sign of a great motion picture.Concerning the characters , it is one of the film 's strengths that the people in it , while not completely likable at all times , are definitely interesting and textured . There is a depth to these characters . They act in ways that are complex , sometimes unpredictable . This is n't a connect-the-dots type of movie . It is an interesting , thought-provoking picture . One of my favorite characters was Owuor . He is an African , and is only supposed to be the Redlich 's cook , but he becomes much , much more . He is trustworthy , wise , and devoted to the family . Quite a touching character.Kudos are in order for Gernot Roll , the cinematographer . Director Caroline Link has given us some spectacular views of Africa , and Roll brings out every vivid ounce of beauty that the locations have to offer . It truly seems like someplace special , even though the conditions are far below ` modern ' standards . The musical score , by Niki Reiser and Jochen Schmidt-Hambrock is quite moving . It is used sparingly , but to great effect . I especially liked Owuor 's theme.There is much to praise about `` Nowhere In Africa '' , and very little to quibble over . It is over 2 hours long , but for the most part does n't feel padded or extended in any way . The time in Africa seems idealized somewhat , but perhaps that is because we know what is happening in the Redlich 's homeland , and the fate that could have befallen them there . As Walter says at one point , `` We 're alive . '' And really , that is the most important thing . There is also a message included about tolerance . The Redlichs experience intolerance toward them in Germany because they were Jewish , and yet Jettel shows disdain for the Africans when she first arrives on their continent . Walter is quick to point out her failings in that area.The people and events in `` Nowhere In Africa '' have lingered with me since I saw it a week ago . I keep thinking back to the lives explored , the issues raised , and the beauty of the continent on which it was set . The story moves along at just the right pace , and is never for a minute uninteresting . It is truly one of the best films I have ever seen .
 Based on a biographical novel and narrated by a teenager , this powerful story reveals a portion of the holocaust story that I had never understood . A family of three flees to Kenya as the Nazis take power in Germany , leaving the rest of their family behind , ultimately to perish . Leaving took both foresight and pessimism . Staying involved -LRB- what proved to be misguided -RRB- belief in the strength of German culture . This is one of the great lessons of the story . A second lesson is adaptation . Survival in Kenya is not easy , but the child , Regina , adapts better than her parents , who struggle with the loss of their social status and find themselves in constant conflict . Regina learns three native languages and accepts native customs with ease . Ultimately , she attends an English school , where she excels despite the disdain of her teachers . Throughout the story , the family cook provides Regina with love and support . Her bond with him is deep and constant . No review would be complete without mentioning the beautiful cinematography . And be sure to watch the special features on the second disk after you see the movie to more fully appreciate how and why the movie was made .
 At first glance , `` Nowhere in Africa '' might appear to be something we 've seen on the screen before , i.e. , `` Out of Africa '' , `` The Flame Trees of Thika '' and the much inferior `` I Dreamed of Africa '' -- another installment in the European-in-East-Africa genre
 This is nothing short of an exceptional cinematic achievement . I had not heard much about this film before finally seeing it , and I was overwhelmed by its slow-moving but fascinating tale of a German Jewish family choosing to expatriate to 1930s Kenya before they ended up victims of the Nazi regime , which was growing and beginning to bear its teeth . A man , Walter , leaves his law practice and goes to Kenya and works on a ranch there , setting things up to greet his wife and daughter there . Unfortunately , his wife , Jettel , has no intention of adapting or settling in to this new way of life , not wanting to interact with the native population , refusing to assimilate to their new circumstances . Happily , the child , Regina , adapts to and enjoys their new surroundings . The scenery is stunning , and one can appreciate in viewing the film both the difficulties of adapting to this startlingly new way of life but also the excitement of being a part of something wholly different . The strains on the marriage between Walter and Jettel are clear ; they no longer seem to have anything in common , if they ever did . It is only once they have learned the fate of the family members back in Germany who refused to leave that Jettel begins to realize that her life has been spared possibly only due to the fact that her husband `` saw the writing on the wall '' , so to speak . Jettel 's attitudes and approach to life in Kenya have slowly been transformed so that she not only falls in love with the place , she scarcely wants to return to or have anything to do with the Germany that destroyed her life as she knew it . This leads to problems during the post-war period in which Walter is eager to return to Germany to rebuild and restructure the country in a more just image . He has been offered a post as a judge , and Jettel is reluctant to return . Ultimately , this film delves deeply into human and familial relationships rather than the complexities of war and of the holocaust -LRB- which is treated more as an unseen backdrop or a `` what might have been '' -RRB- ; it portrays a rich characterization of people who are thrown into unfamiliar territory and illustrates what they do with their new surroundings . In fact , it highlights how people change and how those changes are often nothing less than surprising . Overall a beautiful film ; it deserved the best foreign language film Academy Award it won .
 Nowhere in Africa is a beautiful story regarding a secular family that is Jewish in name only . Religious Jews would not consider them as numbering among their own -- but this does n't deter Adolph Hitler from desiring their extinction . Genetics is all that matters to the Nazis . The father , Walter , a young attorney , is n't naive and realizes that he and his wife Jettel , along with their daughter Regina must leave Germany as rapidly as possible . Of all places , he opts for Kenya . The story revolves around the challenges confronting them in their new surroundings . They initially are compelled to earn their livelihood as mere tenant farmers who are despised by the British landowner . Jettel loses respect for Walter and wrongly blames him for their plight . Regina is confused but makes fast friends with the African cook Owuor . The family bond is under tremendous stress as the world war follows then even to the African wilderness . We observe Regina turning into a young lady . Will the marriage survive ? Can bigotry be defeated , or at least rendered more tolerable ? These are the central questions to be resolved . It is not difficult to see why Nowhere in Africa earned the 2002 Academy Award for Best Foreign Language film .
 NOWHERE IN AFRICA certainly deserves the Academy Award for Foreign Film 2002 it won . This is an epic story about the human condition that transcends even the semibiographical time it addresses . In short , a happy and well-to-do German family -LRB- who happen to be Jewish , mostly in name only -RRB- ` escape ' to Africa in 1938 just as Hitler is beginning to unfurl his blanket of the Holocaust . The father has proceeded the mother and daughter to find a place to live and a means of support . He is aided -LRB- importantly -RRB- by a native cook named Owuor -LRB- the symbol of universal mankind and spirit -RRB- in creating a home away from Germany . The basic theme of the story is how the transplanted Germans adjust to their new home , how the mother -LRB- not at all happy about giving up the good life in Germany to dwell among the natives whom she considers inferior people -RRB- attempts to inculcate her young daughter on how to stay separate from these ` dirty , untrustworthy ' lower caste types . The daughter immediately relates to the gentle Owuor and falls in love with her new life . Matters drive husband and wife apart , they eventually are ` detained ' -LRB- by the British who see them as Germans not unlike what the US did to the Japanese in WW II -RRB- in a camp which for all the world looks like a luxury hotel - without a sense of home . The husband joins the military and eventually the family moves back to their litlle home in the wilderness , survive locusts and famine , and through many trials find each other again . The bite to this film comes mostly from the mother 's attitutde towards the Africans
 This movie made me wish I 'd paid attention in my college German classes . I hated drawing my eyes away from the film to read the subtitles . But , c'mon , the class started at 8 a.m. ! This Holocaust story is very different than most you will read or view , a story of survival from a great distance . It is a story of how one German Jewish family escaped Hitler 's death machine through the foresight of the husband . In the late 1930s , while he is a prosperous lawyer and his family comfortable in their upper middle class circles , he moves his wife and daughter to Africa , where he has secured a job as a farmhand.Each of the family members must adjust to their new life , and the tensions of the story arise from their differing ability to adapt . Can the marriage survive all the upheaval and grief ? Even to the end , when they must make the difficult decision of whether to stay or return to Germany at the close of World War II , you really ca n't say whether they will stay together.The story is one of respect , how people from one culture come to respect an entirely different culture . And , as Walter and Jettel 's marriage falters , their lack of respect for each other is explored . Jettel can not respect her husband as a lowly farmhand , and Walter can not respect his wife 's deep loneliness and need for comfort and security . Their daughter Regina is young enough not to struggle with these issues , and it is she who most successfully adapts . But in the end , even she admits that she is happier at her boarding school than at her remote farm , a signal that she might be ready to return to a society in which she can thrive as she grows into womanhood.My other wish is that I had a big-screen TV . The scenery is beautiful . But there are a few scenes I would n't want to see as large as life , the scenes that grant this movie its R rating . They are totally unnecessary , added purely for prurient reasons , and nothing that the story itself needs . I 'd have granted five stars if the director had shown a little more restraint . But at least we have remote fast-forwarding !
 If Jettel Redich , a sophisticated , attractive and perhaps shallow woman with a small daughter , a loving husband and a warm , extended family , had had her way in 1938 she would not have left Germany to join her husband in East Africa . Of course , if she had n't she and her daughter , along with all her family , would have been killed in the German death camps three or four years later . Jettel -LRB- Julianne Kohl -RRB- , her husband Walter -LRB- Merab Ninidze -RRB- and their daughter Regina -LRB- Lea Kurka and then , older , Karoline Eckertz -RRB- are Jews . Walter , a prosperous lawyer and judge in Germany , could see what was happening . He managed to get an exit visa , went as a Jewish refuge to Kenya , and then sent for his family . Jettel with help got exit visas , but only reluctantly . The other family members all believed their fellow Germans would come to their senses and the Hitler thing would pass . Nirgendwo in Afrika tells us what happened to Walter , Jettel and Regina . It 's an absorbing story which , even in 141 minutes , tries to do too much . Even so , and even if nothing really seems deeply affecting and certainly not tragic , the Redich family and how they changed kept me watching . The movie is rambling but also often affecting.The best Walter could do was to hire on to run a failing cattle outpost . The land is dry and full of scrub . He writes to his wife asking her bring a number of practical things they will need . She , instead , brings an expensive ball gown . Their house is scarcely more than a large shack . Malaria is always a possibility . The native Kenyans look upon them as curiosities . Water has to be carried from a distant well . In the midst of all this we see three things . Walter knows that staying in Germany would have meant death for them . He 's prepared to do what he must to make some sort of life where he is . Jettel is appalled by what she sees and faces . She longs for her family and for the life she had . There , she was married to a prosperous lawyer and judge . Here , she is married to a hired hand . Regina , about six years old , simply accepts everything . Soon she 's playing with the native children and picking up their language . The family has a cook , a tall man named Owuor -LRB- Sidede Onyulo -RRB- . Walter tries to deal with him respectfully . Jettel without thinking about it treats him as a servant . Regina as usual simply accepts him as a friend . To give you an idea of the tone of the movie , if Nirgendwo in Afrika were remade by Hollywood , the part of Owuor would undoubtedly be played by Morgan Freeman.In the course of the movie they make one good friend , a tough fellow Jew who left Germany in 1933 . They are interred by the British as a possible threat when war comes in 1939 , even though they are refugees from Nazi Germany . They eventually are released . Sexual dissatisfaction abounds . Walter finds employment on a better farm , he joins the British Army and is sent to Burma . Jettel learns how to run the farm and deal with the native workers . Regina grows into a unselfconscious child whose friends are all native children . She learns about being a Jew when she is sent to an English school in Nairobi where the anti-Semitism is more condescending than vicious . In a subtle way Caroline Link , the director , also lets us make our own discoveries regarding the treatment of Jews in Thirties Germany and the treatment of Africans by colonialists . By now we 've seen Walter 's and Jettel 's marriage nearly break apart . We even experience locusts . We also see , gradually , how Walter for all his practicality yearns to return to Germany after the war . We see how Jettel has grown into a responsible , capable woman who has come to love where she is and hates the idea of returning . Regina , or course , simply has become a part of Africa and of the people she knows . Like the movie itself , the conclusion is not quite satisfying and not quite unhappy.The only serious reservation I have about the movie are the two instances of fairly explicit coupling involving Walter and Jettel . My objections have nothing to do with prudery , but with how sex is usually used to pander to the audience . In both scenes sexual intimacy is used to show us the longing and need for the kind of shared intimacy that includes but goes well beyond sexual need . The director chooses to show us so much skin , so many positions and so much perspiration that , in my view , the audience is simply encouraged to become voyeurs in the name of art . As with most dramas , the more explicit the sex we see , the more the story-line comes to a halt.Nirgendwo in Afrika won the 2003 Academy Award for best foreign language film . It is beautifully photographed .
 Nicely filmed on location in Africa ; a great setting demonstrating human nature as we progress from intolerance to tolerance and then respect and love .
 I was watching a late night movie in Australia Nowhere in Africa and was enjoying it so much I reached over to my computer and went to Amazon to see if they had the DVD , and as I watched I ordered and paid for my own copy . It arrived a week ago Thank you Amazom .
 Nowhere in Africa '' is a film that tells the story of a German Jewish family who escapes from the Nazis by going to rural Kenya . They live and work on a farm in a dry region , and the father is paid to be the manager . The wife has many reservations about the farm and wants to move to the city . Their daughter loves Africa and befriends all of the local natives.Jettel , the mother is played by Juliane Kohler and Regina Redlica is played by Lea Kurka . They travel from Germany to escape the Nazi regime . Jettel loves elegance and brings lace tablecloths and china and forgets the refrigerator at home . Walter , played by Merab Ninidze , is exasperated because he wants what is best for his family . The marriage is in trouble , because both Jettel and Walter have differing goals . Walter wants to succeed in Kenya , Jettel wants to leave . They both live for the letters from home that come irregularly . The star of the film is Owuor played by Sidede Onyulo , he is the native cook and comes to love the entire family . Regina loves him immediately . She learns a great deal about Kenyan life from him . At one point , they are all rounded up by the British as enemy aliens . But they are taken to quite luxurious accommodations and cared for well.To the Africans , they are simply white farmers . Regina , finds her first taste of anti-Semitism when she attends t a boarding school . As time passes Jettel begins to feel more at home . Jettel grows to like Africa as the father likes it less , and their daughter loves it always . The story is told through the eyes of the daughter.This is a lovely story of a family in trouble , the Nazi regime is discussed and shown , and the love that binds the family in a remote section of Kenya . The characters are so well drawn , and we come to care about them . I wanted to know what was going to happen next and was engrossed in the film.Highly Recommended . prisrob 10-13-10
 This wonderful movie deservedly won the 2002 Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film . Everything about it was terrific
 The Bottom Line : An immensely interesting and enjoyable film about a Jewish family which escapes the Holocaust by moving to Africa -LRB- without actually knowing anything about how to survive in the bush -RRB- , Nowhere in Africa was the deserved winner of 2002 's Best Foreign Language Film Oscar and deserves to be seen by you .
 Nowhere in Africa might just be the most touching and most caring Western movie on an Africa-related theme I 've seen in my lifeIf you were to leave the comfortable and safe environment of your upper class house , and move to a completely new place where the customs , morals , habits and the language you speak are no longer useful , what would you do ? Nowhere in Africa presents the true story of a Jewish family that moves to Kenya in the late 1930s just before the beginning of the Second World War . The movie is centered on the daily life of Regina -LRB- played by Lea Kurka and Karoline Eckertz -RRB- and her parents Jettel -LRB- Juliane K&ouml;hler -RRB- and Walter -LRB- Merab Ninidze -RRB- who live in the company of the Pokot tribe somewhere in Kenya . As the mother and the daughter arrive to Kenya , where Walter was already settled in for some time -LRB- unspecified in the script -RRB- they are immediately confronted with the new more disturbing conditions in which they are supposed to live . Jettel has a very hard time in getting used to the new life -LRB- initially she thinks they will only spend a couple of months in Africa -RRB- , while Regina almost instantly adapts to the new lifestyle.Full review available at : http://codrinarsene.com/2009/05/nowhere-in-africa/
 I ca n't believe it has taken me so long to discover this gem of a movie ! ` Nowhere in Africa '' is an absolutely beautiful movie about people making a life for themselves in a far-off country when their own rejects them and they deal with the complexities that arise as a result.Based on Stefanie Zweig 's autobiographical novel , the film tells the true life story of a young Jewish girl and her mother who leave Germany right before the outbreak of WW II . Regina and her mother , Jettel join her father Walter in Kenya to escape Nazi persecution -LSB- at a time when expatriation was still possible in Germany -RSB- . Jettel has been used to a life of luxury -LSB- as Walter used to work as a successful lawyer before the Nazis came to power -RSB- and is shocked and dismayed at the simple living conditions in Kenya . Walter has no status in Kenyan society , he is treated as an outsider , and earns a living managing farms for other foreign nationals . Jettel looks down upon the native Kenyans , and this infuriates her husband who likens her attitude to that of the Nazis.It is only with the passage of time that Jettel comes to adapt to her life in Kenya , living among the natives and even appreciating their down-to-earth manner . Regina is the one who is most at ease amongst the wilds of Kenya - she gets along famously with the natives , forming a close bond with their Kenyan cook , Owour , and even though she gets sent off to boarding school , she still maintains a close affection for the natives and keeps local friendships going when she returns on holidays.Ironically , it is Walter who turns out to be the least immersed - he enlists in the war on the side of the Allies , and upon war 's end , decides to return to Frankfurt to work as a judge . Jettel and Regina are against this and the family needs to figure out what 's best for them.The human relationships in this well-crafted drama are effectively and credibly portrayed - Jettel and Walter embody a couple who seem incompatible when forced into harsh circumstances - Jettel rails against Walter for letting her down -LSB- due to his diminished earning capacity -RSB- , whilst Walter yearns for a wife who is ` more mature ' and empathetic . It takes the passage of years -LSB- throughout the war -RSB- for them to come to terms with each other , shedding their preconceived notions and prejudices along the way . Regina too ` grows ' - from a precocious young child with an idealistic picture of her parents to a compassionate and mature adolescent who comes to accept the joys and pitfalls of human relationships.All the actors portray their roles with conviction and credibility . The cinematography is simply stunning - be it the wilds of Kenya , the tribes dancing during a feast , or even an old lady who is peacefully awaiting death , each scene ` speaks ' to the soul and leaves an indelible mark upon the viewer.Highly recommended !
 Some Jews in order to escape from Hitler 's persecution and genocide in the late 1930 's fled to parched Kenya in Africa where they found the life primitive and faced new kinds of hostility . This movie zeroes in on a family from Breslau . A mother and her daughter take flight to Kenya to join the husband who is a tenant farmer struggling to eke out a living . Regina , the daughter , accepts the blacks and their culture while the mother shows her initial prejudices . Her husband owes a debt to his Kenyan male cook because the servant saved him from a severe attack of malaria . The cook befriends Regina.The British , colonial rulers of Kenya , interred many Jews and made their exiled life harder even though England was at war with Nazi Germany . The family 's status changed from refugees to enemy aliens.This German -LRB- best foreign film Oscar winner for 2002 -RRB- movie has vivid scenes of the life in Africa . Great scenes of old 30 's vintage vehicles traveling around the arid landscape . The movie deals with the complex world of the three main characters . Both the husband and wife are struggling with their own demons while the daughter accepts her new African home but struggles to understand the strange adult world around her.The director is willing to take chances and present a multi-layered view of the lives of these refugees . The actors are outstanding , and the film has great cinematography . An adult film for viewers who want more than Hollywood treacle .
 This movie depicts a young Jewish family that flees Nazi Germany before the outbreak of World War II , and settles in Kenya . The husband -LRB- Merab Ninidze -RRB- was a lawyer in his native land , and he becomes a farmer in Africa , working for others . Their daughter -LRB- Lea Kurka and Karoline Eckertz -RRB- grows up with her heart in Africa , and little or no recollection of Germany.Their families are killed in the Nazi Holocaust , even though the husband tries in vain to warn them of the coming storm , and get them to leave . They believe that they are Germans and safe , and that no harm will come to them . After the war ends , the husband is offered a job as a judge in Frankfurt and the family returns , even though the wife -LRB- Juliane K&ouml;hler -RRB- and daughter resist and have almost no feelings for the country at all -- only negatives ones on the part of the wife , who believes they would be living among the murderers of their families.It is a lovely film of Africa , not the lush scenes of `` Out of Africa , '' but a much harsher existence . The central characters are the husband , wife and daughter . However , the heart and soul of Kenya -- if not Africa itself -- seems to be embodied and reflected in Sidede Onyulo , who portrays the family 's cook and spirit , and connects all of the characters . Caroline Link is to be congratulated for directing a truly superb movie , which should withstand the test of time .
 Just a beautiful , engrossing film that emphasizes the importance of family , especially when times are tough/dangerous . . . . It will remind many of the numerous sacrifices that our parents made for our future and what they had to face at the time . . . . A well-deserved OSCAR for the makers , this gem is a MUST-SEE for the entire family and will give a gentle prodding to everyone that it 's the differences between cultures that makes this world so wonderful and a blessing to be in . . . .
 This is a wonderful German film , which deservedly won an Academy Award in 2002 for being the Best Foreign Language Film . Based upon an autobiographical book by Stefanie Zweig , the film is beautifully acted by a stellar cast and deftly directed by Caroline Link . It is a film that will stay in one 's consciousness long after the credits have rolled by . It is also a film that touches upon a number of universal themes.The film focuses on an upper class , privileged family of secular German Jews . The husband , Walter Redlich -LRB- Merab Ninidze -RRB- , seeing the way things are going in Germany in the 1930s with the advent of Hitler , leaves his law practice and emigrates to Africa , where he finds himself managing a ranch for an Englishman in an arid location in rural Kenya , while setting the stage for his family 's emigration from Germany . In 1938 , he then sends for his beautiful , haughty wife , Jettel -LRB- Juliane Kohler -RRB- , and young daughter , Regina -LRB- Lea Gurka as a young child and Karoline Eckertz as an adolescent -RRB- , to join him.When they arrive , the wife goes into culture shock and is in total denial as to their new circumstances . Her reaction to their precarious situation is different from that of her husband , as well as from that of her child . Her husband , a realist about the situation in Germany and a survivor at heart , knows that they can not return while Hitler is in power and is willing to make the best of the hand that they have been dealt . Jettel , however , still fails to understand just how precarious their situation in Germany was.Once removed from a familiar environment , Walter and Jettel seem to have very little in common . Now that her husband is no longer a practicing lawyer , Jettel acts as if he has been diminished in her eyes . She also initially disdains her new , hardscrabble life and hates all things African , even the natives , treating them like dirt , until her husband insinuates that she is starting to remind him of the Nazis.Their household is made complete by a very pleasant and affable Kenyan named Owour -LRB- Sidele Onyulo -RRB- , who had saved Walter 's life during a bout with malaria and who acts as the family cook . He helps them in enumerable ways , teaching them the language and customs of his people . Regina immediately bonds with Owour and adapts quickly to her new life and customs . She befriends the native children , learns their language , and prefers Kenya over Germany as her country of choice , notwithstanding its hardships and privations . In her nine years in Kenya , Regina , despite attending a British school , becomes as African in her ways as a native.The conflicts of war soon make themselves manifest in Kenya , which is under English rule . The threads of Walter 's and Jettel 's marriage start to fray and unravel , as their hopes and dreams come into conflict . They are , however , always unified in terms of their love of Regina , an extraordinarily perceptive and intelligent child . Still , Walter and Jettel must endure and weather some pretty serious marital storms , as the self-absorbed Jettel slowly undergoes a metamorphosis , which throws her strained marriage into a tailspin for a time.As Jettel learns to adapt to her changing circumstances and accept some of the changes in her life , the marriage begins to stabilize despite its continual strains and cracks . Upon discovering the fate of their respective families , who had refused to emigrate despite Walter 's early entreaties , Jettel now realizes what her fate might have been had her husband not had the foresight to seek an alternative solution . It is then that reality finally sets in . Consequently , when the war is over , she initially refuses to have anything to do with a post-war Germany , while her husband hankers to return so as to be a part of its re-building . What ultimately happens , however , will be the true test of their love.This is a fully character driven film , played against the largely unseen backdrop of the holocaust . Merab Ninidze is brilliant as the beleaguered Walter . Handsome , sensitive , and intelligent , he is an absolute dream in the role , bringing an astuteness and underlying strength to the role that makes him stand out from the crowd . He walks a fine line but manages to avoid being pitied for the way his wife treats him . The beautiful Juliane Kohler is excellent as the selfish Jettel , managing to interject , at the last , a certain vulnerability into what is essentially a nearly unlikable character . Sidele Onyulo is wonderful as the warm and always helpful Owour , infusing the role with an infectious charm . Lea Gurka and Karoline Eckertz are both ingratiating as the younger and older manifestations of Regina , the child through whose eyes most of the events in the film are seen.Beautifully rendered , from its casting , to the acting , to its sensitive direction , and last , but certainly not least , its exquisite cinematography , it is a must see , engrossing film that will keep the viewer riveted to the screen . Bravo !
 `` Nowhere in Africa '' is a complex but satisfying drama about a Jewish German family that escaped the Nazi Holocaust by moving to Kenya . It is a true story . This beautifully told and photographed movie suffers only slightly by running a bit too long.The small family is comprised of the father , Walter Redlich -LSB- Merab Ninidze -RSB- , the mother , Jettel -LSB- Juliane Kohler -RSB- , and a young daughter , Regina -LSB- Lea Kurka -RSB- . They are well established , middle-class Jews who are content to call Germany home . They are not particularly orthodox in their religious belief and consider themselves ` normal ' German citizens . After the Nazis come to power and begin their repressive programs , Walter , a man more farsighted than most , begins to see the real dangers this regime poses . In 1938 he takes his wife and daughter to live in Kenya where he works on a vast farm that is almost literally in the middle of nowhere . Regina quickly adapts to her new home , but Jettel , unable to accept the horrible reality of what is happening back home , is miserable . Several years later , the war ends , and the Nazis are no more . Then , however , it is Jettel who has come to love Africa and Walter who yearns to return home . Essentially , this is a love story about two very different people who learn that acceptance and compromise are necessary parts of any strong relationship.There is a dynamic subtext to this movie
 NOWHERE IN AFRICA shed light , for me , on a chapter of the Holocaust of which I was unaware . At the beginning of the Nazis ' oppression of the Jews , some German Jewish families migrated to Kenya , abandoning their lives , jobs and livelihoods to live off the land - despite their lack of knowledge about the land or any farming skills.Narrated by a young girl , the film stars the beautiful , talented Juliane Kohler as the girl 's mother , Jettel . Her character 's transformation from spoiled young society wife in Germany into a resourceful , passionate and mature woman willing to protect her husband and family through any means is amazing . With Jettel 's story firmly at the heart of the film , the beauty of the cinematography and other stories of this family 's struggle prove compelling.I highly recommend this .
 What a delightful movie . I was in awe of the beauty , the cinematography is a triumph of the camera . The music was a mix of African beats both dark and joyful with a mix of the classics.All the actors were great and very natural and the mood of the film reminded me of the `` Trees Of Theikla , '' and a little of ` Out OF Africa . `` The movie centers on a family in Germany pre WW2 . The husband , Walter , sees the Nazis ' are not going to leave the Jews alone and he strikes out for Kenya , Africa to work on a cattle farm . He was a lawyer in Germany but his credentials were taken away from him . He sends for his wife and five year old daughter . The period of adjustment does not come quickly to the wife , Jettel , but , Regina has already taken the wide eyed acceptance of the young . She makes fast friends with the Masai cook Owour and he looks out for her . And teaches Regina the native languages.Soon war breaks out in Europe and the Brits round up all the German immigrants and bring them in to their compounds . Which for the women and children is like staying at the Grand Hotel.Walter has been fired from his job on the cattle ranch as the owner does not want a German working for him . Jettle , has a contact and is able to get Walter another job on a farm this time . Jettle is coming around to wanting to stay in Africa . But , Walter is growing impatient and wants to do something for the war effort . He joins the British army . There is much tension between Walter and Jettle , she stays on the farm and he lives in the compound and visits . The war ends and Walter wants to go back to Germany . I wo n't go into the particulars of the last scenes , but I will say that this movie is worth seeing.Not playing at your average theater , even though it won awards . Caroline Link breathed life into this story based on a true story , `` Out of Europe , Into Africa . `` ciao yaaah69 I give this flick 41/2 OF 5
 Nothing in the previews prepared me for the power of this film . The story is relatively straightforward - a Jewish family moves to Africa to avoid the coming war . What is n't straigtforward is the complexity of the characters and their growth in spirit as they adapt to the changes in their lives.The husband/father is compasionate and caring , not just to his family but to the Africans and others who help him . The wife/mother begins as a very spoiled , elitist who is forced to re-evaluate herself , her relationship with her husband , the people and country of Africa . The daughter grows in both body and spirit , adjusting almost too well to the new situation . Of the 3 , she is the most grounded in reality and is wise beyond her years.The focus of the film is not the war itself but it 's impact on this family . There are moments of joy , more of tears and many of deepness but this is not a depressing film . Just the opposite . I left with more respect for what these people did and how they adjusted to the changes in their lives , as well as a greater appreciation for the fact that I have never had to face some of the issues that the characters do.This is not a war movie , nor a movie about Judaism . It is a glimpse into the lives of people forced to make drastic changes in their lives and how they learn about each other and themselves.This is definitely `` Best Picture '' material !
 This is a wonderful German film , which deservedly won an Academy Award in 2002 for being the Best Foreign Language Film . Based upon an autobiographical book by Stefanie Zweig , the film is beautifully acted by a stellar cast and deftly directed by Caroline Link . It is a film that will stay in one 's consciousness long after the credits have rolled by . It is also a film that touches upon a number of universal themes.The film focuses on an upper class , privileged family of secular German Jews . The husband , Walter Redlich -LRB- Merab Ninidze -RRB- , seeing the way things are going in Germany in the 1930s with the advent of Hitler , leaves his law practice and emigrates to Africa , where he finds himself managing a ranch for an Englishman in an arid location in rural Kenya , while setting the stage for his family 's emigration from Germany . In 1938 , he then sends for his beautiful , haughty wife , Jettel -LRB- Juliane Kohler -RRB- , and young daughter , Regina -LRB- Lea Gurka as a young child and Karoline Eckertz as an adolescent -RRB- , to join him.When they arrive , the wife goes into culture shock and is in total denial as to their new circumstances . Her reaction to their precarious situation is different from that of her husband , as well as from that of her child . Her husband , a realist about the situation in Germany and a survivor at heart , knows that they can not return while Hitler is in power and is willing to make the best of the hand that they have been dealt . Jettel , however , still fails to understand just how precarious their situation in Germany was.Once removed from a familiar environment , Walter and Jettel seem to have very little in common . Now that her husband is no longer a practicing lawyer , Jettel acts as if he has been diminished in her eyes . She also initially disdains her new , hardscrabble life and hates all things African , even the natives , treating them like dirt , until her husband insinuates that she is starting to remind him of the Nazis.Their household is made complete by a very pleasant and affable Kenyan named Owour -LRB- Sidele Onyulo -RRB- , who had saved Walter 's life during a bout with malaria and who acts as the family cook . He helps them in enumerable ways , teaching them the language and customs of his people . Regina immediately bonds with Owour and adapts quickly to her new life and customs . She befriends the native children , learns their language , and prefers Kenya over Germany as her country of choice , notwithstanding its hardships and privations . In her nine years in Kenya , Regina , despite attending a British school , becomes as African in her ways as a native.The conflicts of war soon make themselves manifest in Kenya , which is under English rule . The threads of Walter 's and Jettel 's marriage start to fray and unravel , as their hopes and dreams come into conflict . They are , however , always unified in terms of their love of Regina , an extraordinarily perceptive and intelligent child . Still , Walter and Jettel must endure and weather some pretty serious marital storms , as the self-absorbed Jettel slowly undergoes a metamorphosis , which throws her strained marriage into a tailspin for a time.As Jettel learns to adapt to her changing circumstances and accept some of the changes in her life , the marriage begins to stabilize despite its continual strains and cracks . Upon discovering the fate of their respective families , who had refused to emigrate despite Walter 's early entreaties , Jettel now realizes what her fate might have been had her husband not had the foresight to seek an alternative solution . It is then that reality finally sets in . Consequently , when the war is over , she initially refuses to have anything to do with a post-war Germany , while her husband hankers to return so as to be a part of its re-building . What ultimately happens , however , will be the true test of their love.This is a fully character driven film , played against the largely unseen backdrop of the holocaust . Merab Ninidze is brilliant as the beleaguered Walter . Handsome , sensitive , and intelligent , he is an absolute dream in the role , bringing an astuteness and underlying strength to the role that makes him stand out from the crowd . He walks a fine line but manages to avoid being pitied for the way his wife treats him . The beautiful Juliane Kohler is excellent as the selfish Jettel , managing to interject , at the last , a certain vulnerability into what is essentially a nearly unlikable character . Sidele Onyulo is wonderful as the warm and always helpful Owour , infusing the role with an infectious charm . Lea Gurka and Karoline Eckertz are both ingratiating as the younger and older manifestations of Regina , the child through whose eyes most of the events in the film are seen.Beautifully rendered , from its casting , to the acting , to its sensitive direction , and last , but certainly not least , its exquisite cinematography , it is a must see , engrossing film that will keep the viewer riveted to the screen . Bravo !
 Nowhere in Africa won best foreign picture 2002 which it deserved . This is as close to a perfect movie as I 've ever seen . I 'm hoping that word of mouth will spread and that more people will get to enjoy this film on the big screen where it must be seen to enjoy the breath-taking scenery of Africa . The story is compelling and as the viewer you will be immediately drawn . A young lawyer in prewar Nazi Germany sees the writing on the wall and gets himself out of Germany into Kenya . He arranges for his wife and five year old daughter to join him but gives his wife strict instructions to tell no one of the plan . He also instructs his wife to leave home the good dishes and instead bring a refrigerator which they will desperately need . She ignores his instructions , brings the good dishes and to add insult to injury brings an evening gown which she will not have any use . The little girl takes to Africa immediately and adjusts as only children can in an absolutely alien environment . She befriends and is in-turn befriended by the village children . The wife does not adjust so easily making life a misery for her husband . We are also struck at how insensitive she is with the cook who is their righthand man , looking out for them at every turn . She treats him like a servant and that 's putting it kindly , when this hurts him deeply as he sees himself as a professional . There are problems in the marriage and stuggles which move the story along . Not until word from home reaches them about the full magnitude of the war and what is becoming of their friends and family does the wife begin to understand how very lucky she is . At every point we are drawn to the story and the characters and want to know what will happen next . The acting is seamless . The little girl is played by two actresses , one when she is little and one when she is more grown and these two girls could n't be more perfect in their roles . This movie is beautifully cast and beautifully acted . There is n't a false note in it . Viewers will also enjoy the amazing soundtrack . One more thing , even though this movie is in English subtitles , you will hardly be aware that you are reading . At a certain point you will almost feel as if you understand German . This movie should not be missed by anyone who loves film and has a love for interesting story lines . In a word
 `` Nowhere in Africa '' succeeds on a number of levels
 Great cinema . German movie of uncommon intelligence . Wonderful script -- engaging and coherent . Acting is natural and effervescent . Cinema photography is beautiful . Must see !
 This film is a truly epic experience , the type of film that one does n't see too much of anymore these days . Based on an autobiographical novel by Stefanie Zweig , it concerns the Redlich family , one of the lucky few families to leave Nazi Germany before it was too late . Walter , the father , saw the writing on the wall and left for Kenya in 1937 , sending for his wife Jettel and daughter Regina six months later , in 1938 . Normally one does n't think of refugees from the Nazis as escaping to anyplace in Africa , particularly not Kenya , although there was actually a fairly substantial Jewish community in Nairobi by the time WWII broke out , along with other refugees , such as the Redlichs , living in more isolated and less-developed areas of the nation . Jettel is a bit of a Jewish German Princess at the beginning of the film , and has a very hard time adjusting to life in Kenya . She believes living on the farm in Rongai will be temporary , and was so unaware of the reality waiting for her that she brought her fine china and bought an evening gown instead of something more practical like a refrigerator before she left home . Her character proves to be the most interesting , the one who goes through the most development , becoming a very different person by the end of the film . Walter , in contrast , has a sea change in attitude in the opposite direction , and wants to return to Germany after the war instead of staying in Kenya , which has become like a home to his family and saved their lives . They also have to deal with their troubled marriage ; they 'd apparently begun having some problems before they left Germany , but their marriage is really put to the test in Kenya , particularly while Walter is away in the British Army for four years and Jettel is left to tend the farm . Young Regina is also a fascinating character ; being so young , she adjusts quickly to life in Kenya , although , like her parents , does n't ever really fully come to think of it as home . She has a number of different cultures to deal with -- the German culture she left behind and the one she has a connection to via her parents , the native Kenyan culture and the Swahili language , and the British culture at the colonial school she attends . -LRB- Though most of this film shows us Kenya through the eyes of people living far away from so-called civilisation , this was still a time when most of Africa was under colonial rule , a much different Africa than it is today . -RRB- Her relationship with Owuor , the native who acts as a servant to her family , is incredibly moving and touching , one of the finest aspects of this film . Unlike her mother , she never has any hesitation about or resistance to befriending the natives . She does n't care that their skin is dark and hers is light ; they 're just other children she has fun with and who like being with her , the same way that she instantly takes to Owuor , seeing him as a kind man who warmly welcomes her to Kenya . On the surface this is a historical film , but the true themes are about the nature of home , alienation , self-discovery , finding oneself , loss , and how sometimes the least likely place can become a refuge and come to feel almost like home over time . What is the meaning of the word home , does a refugee or immigrant ever really completely feel at home in a foreign land , and will these people ever really feel at home anywhere again , whether they remain in Kenya , return to Germany , or start a new life in an entirely new place ? It 's also a nice change of pace to see a WWII-era film set in Africa , to see how the war affected the native peoples , the dominating British colonialists , and the refugees like the Redlichs . The soundtrack is also incredibly gorgeous , as is the natural scenery.There are also a wealth of bonus features . The audio commentary is top-notch , revealing such interesting facts as how Walter 's voice was actually done by the popular actor Herbert Knaup but for two undubbed scenes -LRB- one of which is conducted entirely in English -RRB- , because it was felt that Merab Ninidze , the true actor , had too strong of a Georgian accent , and that Silas Kereti , who plays Regina 's friend Jogona as a young adult , was initially very hesitant about performing in one of the tribal ceremonies in the film because it was being done by another tribe , and he thought that taking part would mean that he were becoming a member of this other tribe . Other extras are deleted scenes -LRB- with optional commentary -RRB- ; a making-of featurette ; interviews with Merab Ninidze , Juliane K&ouml;hler -LRB- Jettel -RRB- , Matthias Habich -LRB- Walter S&uuml;sskind , a character who immigrated to Kenya before the Redlichs -RRB- , Sidide Onyulu -LRB- Owuor -RRB- , and Caroline Link -LRB- the director -RRB- , Peter Herrmann -LRB- the producer -RRB- , and Stefanie Zweig ; score selections ; a storyboard comparison for the locust scene ; trailers ; and a photo montage with commentary.At almost two and a half hours long -LRB- and three hours long originally -RRB- , this is a truly epic picture , a real emotional powerhouse . All of the characters are developed so well and acted so masterfully that one grows to feel as though one actually knows them , has gone on this powerful life-changing journey along with them . It 's also not `` just another WWII movie , '' since the setting and themes are so very different from the usual ones . Far from just another movie , this one makes the viewer think and feel instead of just being entertaining or delivering a lot of high-tech special effects . It 's a shame more films in Hollywood are n't as masterfully crafted as this wonderful highly-recommended German film .
 The service was excellent , prompt and as promised . Item was better than described . Slightly used looked new.Thanks .
 I 'm practicing my German and this movie helped although I wish there was a choice for German subtitles.Another good German movie for those learning the language isMostly Martha
 Inspired by the biography of Stephan Zweig , this movie focuses around the tragedy of a jew marriage who decide to live in Kenia , to avoid to be victim of the Nazis . The slow but progressive adaptaton to the costumes and way of of living of the native people , the engagement with their rituals , and the shocking of this inmense wasteland and arresting images in the middle of the heart of Africa will make for you to experience a unequaled journey . Once more the emigration is the question to solve . How long would you spent in a country with so many differences in almost the possible issues for you think ? The barrier of the language , the unbearable heat , the search for water , the food , the loneliness and the ancestral rituals . And add all these inconvenients , the uncertainness about the disinformation about what 's going on in Germany with news through an old radio and unexpected letters that come from time to time . He is a lawyer and obviously in such agresive environment he lives with the illusion of get back to huis beloved German . But meanwhile he has to face the difficulties of life ; the rebelness of his wife and daughter for stay in the jungle . But there will be changes of different nature that progressively will twist the fate of every one of them . The unavoidable contrast between ancestral beliefs , the deep sense of humanity will come from a native whose performance steals the show in this poignant and interesting story . Do n't miss this work . And do n't doubt to acquire . You will be widely rewarded with this buy . Mrs Johanne Kohler is brilliant in her role as the wife and both actress who play the role of their daughter are superb , with great naturality and expressiveness.Dazzling direction of Caroline Link and one of the best films of Gemany in the new raising century .
 Although much can be said about Jews leaving Germany prior to Hitler sealing the border , it has all been said before.The thrust of this movie , pardon the pun , is the husband 's desperation for his wife 's love and support . He wants to be something and do something with his life and yet , here he is self-exiled to Kenya to sit on a farm . He wants his wife to desire him but she is aloof and remote . At times his quiet desperation is palpable.For me , this view was different and interesting with the back-drop being the age-old tale of the Holocaust -LRB- rather than at the forefront of the story -RRB- . This tale will resonate with anyone who has been adrift at life from their home , their family and the person they love . Truly touching film .
 One of the 10 or 15 best movies I 've ever seen in my life . Say no more .
 This film was as good as the Oscar it won . Now I hope for the American DVD studios to also bring to our shores Caroline Link 's other famous German films she directed , especially 1999 's `` Puenktchen & Anton '' , based on a famous 1935 children 's novel by Erich Kaestner . This latter film is a very interesting story for children ; I believe the book was translated to English sometime -LRB- at least it was translated to Spanish , I recall -RRB- . Not only was `` Puenktchen & Anton '' directed by Link , it also starred `` Nowhere in Africa 's '' actress Juliane Koehler as Puenktchen 's mother , a role she impressively played .
 I was n't able to enjoy the movie as much as I would have if only the subtitles were adequate to support the power of the movie . As a result , I was n't able to fully appreciate the deepness and complexity of this cultural diversified movie . Anyhow , I still would like to recommend this to everyone especially those who can understand German . Definitely an Academy Award material !
 NIA is an epic movie . The acting is great . Kudos to the actors for acting in English , German and Swahili . Even though the movie is 2 hours plus , it never gets boring .
 This was an excellent film . It did n't seem to run long as some reviewed . So many events occurred in the film , I thought more time went by than actually did . This film would have received 5 stars , but Amazon has it listed as having both English and German versions on the disc . It only has German with English subtitles . Fortunately I understand German , so this did not deter from the film .
 It has an epic scope and deals with serious issues -- how one group exploits and oppresses another.Set in the period before , during , and after World War II , this movie tells the story of a an upper middle class Jewish family fortunate enough to get out of Germany in time . They end up starting from scratch in Kenya , where life for them is very different and very difficult . The family members -LRB- a father joined by his wife and young daughter -RRB- have varying degrees of difficulty in adopting to this new country and relating to the Africans who work the farms they are managing . The father -- a lawyer in Germany -- respects the Kenyan staff and immediately sets about learning the language . The mother has a more difficult time adjusting and wants the Kenyan cook -LRB- on whom they are deeply dependant -RRB- to speak German and resists learning the language . The young daughter quickly becomes assimilated , since her playmates in the isolated farm are Kenyans . As they struggle to survive and adjust , news reaches them from time to time about what 's happening to the Jews in Germany -LRB- including their family -RRB- . My only criticism is that this film could have been edited to make it more suitable for family viewing -- older children and teenagers -- which it is n't , in my opinion . You really could n't show it in a high school , for example , although the content on the whole would be terrific for a conversation on a number of important topics , including cultural differences.But -- there are a couple of scenes of animals being slaughtered -LRB- and people eating VERY fresh meat -RRB- that turned my stomach , as well as some very explicit sex scenes . BOth of these kinds of scenes were really gratuitous to what the movie was intending to say , in my opinion . Otherwise , this movie is outstanding -- it really provokes thoughts about how we regard others who are different -- whether Jewish or Kenyan -- and how we deal with diversity with respect without losing our identity completely .
 `` Nowhere In Africa '' follows a young assimilated German-Jewish family from the time they flee Nazi Germany in 1938 and emigrate to Africa until the end of WWII . This moving film is adapted from Stefanie Zweig 's autobiographical novel and deals more with the struggle to begin a new life in a very foreign land than with the war going on back in Europe.Walter Redlich , -LRB- Merab Ninidze -RRB- , a lawyer living in Breslau , Germany , sensed the dark future for Jews in the Third Reich and left to find work in Kenya before 1938 . He sent for his wife Jettel , -LRB- Juliane K&ouml;hler -RRB- and young daughter Regina , -LRB- beautifully played by both Lea Kurka , as a preschooler and Karoline Eckertz , as an adolescent -RRB- , as soon as he was settled as a farm manager in Rongai , Africa . Jettel was ambivalent about leaving her mother , in-laws , prosperous life and the culture and language she loved . She had been brought up to think of herself as German first , and then as Jewish . Like many others , she did not really believe that Hitler would remain in power for long . The Redlichs seemed to have had a somewhat superficial relationship ; one that had never been stressed with problems or inconveniences . Her beloved father-in-law told Jettel , before she departed , that in a marriage , `` usually one person loves more than the other . '' He asked her to keep the family together.Jettel and Regina arrive to find a stark , dry land . Walter had been sick with malaria . His African cook , Owour , -LRB- Sidede Onyulo -RRB- , cared for him and got him back on his feet in time for his family 's arrival . He was not prepared for his wife 's coldness or her aversion to the new country . Instead of bringing a refrigerator with her , as her husband had written and asked , Jettel used the money to buy an expensive gown . Also packed , in the limited amount of luggage she was allowed to remove from Germany , were fine china dishes and knickknacks . Young Regina , however , is thrilled to see her father . She immediately makes friends with Owour and takes to her new home as if she had been born there . Regina had always been a meek and frightened child , as a result of frequent harassment in Germany . Her fears leave her quickly in this sun-filled country where she begins to run wild with the native children and learn a new culture and language . The conflict between her parents continues to grow . Jettel does not see the big picture . Rather than be thankful that her family was one of the very few able to escape Germany , she is resentful of their shabby life and seems to loose respect for Walter now that he is no longer a lawyer . She makes it very clear that she is unhappy.Photographer Gernot Roll captures the beauty of the land , with its sweeping savannas , the sacred Mt. Kenya overlooking the small homestead , shots of African ceremonies and dances , children playing , and wonderful close-ups of a hoard of locustsattacking crops of corn.The terrible stress of losing one 's culture , of always being different , is what is emphasized most by director Caroline Link . As Jettel says to her daughter , `` Germany is a place where differences are bad , in Africa differences are good . I learned here how valuable differences are . `` The movie is somewhat flawed . I think that Regina would have made a much better main character than her mother . It is difficult to like Jettel , as the spoiled , selfish daughter/wife/mother who refuses to adapt . And there is little chemistry between husband and wife , although they make an extraordinarily attractive couple . Overall , however , `` Nowhere In Africa '' definitely deserves 4 stars . It won various awards in Germany and was that country 's Oscar nomination in 2002 . JANA
 This was a great film ... About a man who went to the ends of the earth to save his family ... Considered stupid at first , ultimately vindicated ... Triumphant ...
 Winner of the 2002 Academy Award for Best Foreign Film , `` Nowhere in Africa '' is a vivid , powerful drama with elements of adventure , suspense , and romance . Narrated by the youngest of the clan , Regina -LRB- played by Lea Kurka and Karoline Eckertz -RRB- , this is an heroic tale about one family 's painful displacement and subsequent perseverance in adapting to a primitive but beautiful land . Maintaining an epic sweep without ever losing its rich emotional flavor , `` Nowhere '' is a stunning achievement .
 First of all , let me say that I see posts from reviewers here describing the movie as ten minutes too long , fifteen minutes too long , etc. , - I respectfully disagree.I 've seen the movie three times with three different people -LRB- one of them my teenage daughter - teenagers , as you know , do n't have a lot of patience -RRB- , and I find the running length just right , and additionally , none of the people I saw the movie with were complaining that it was too long.Second , I unabashedly loved this film . And surprisingly , the aforementioned teenager really liked this film as well . I was certain she would complain that it was B O R I N G when it was over , but she thought it was great , so perhaps teenage viewers in your household might feel the same way.I wo n't belabor the plot or the characters as it 's been done so well in the previous reviews posted here , but I want to note that one of the most interesting things in the movie is the mother/wife 's realization that she has become a much finer person as a result of the years spent with people she considered sub-human when she arrived , and secondly , as a result of the things she was forced to learn and do to survive -LRB- and eventually prosper -RRB- in Africa.She does n't wish to return to Germany - she is a better person in Africa.Even though she does reluctantly return to Germany with her husband , she knows that she will never be as complete an individual as she was in adopted land . It 's a nice piece of character development that acts as a interesting sidebar to her daughter 's maturation in Africa .
 a brilliant character study of an upper middle class jewish german family who escape to kenya in the days before world war 2 . having to adjust to a different world , having to learn to confront her own racism -LRB- irony of ironies -RRB- , having to face up to a marriage where she is unable to love as much as she is herself loved , star juliane kohler manages to give a broad and poignant performace , as does the rest of the cast , highlighted by sidede onyulo as the african cook who becomes confessor and friend to the family . let us be thankful that others got ahold of the source material before the likes of meryl streep found it . a great film , in my top 100 .
 This is yet another movie that I 've had on my list for years and finally rented -LRB- got ta love -LSB- ... -RSB- deals -RRB- and I 'm so glad I did . I ca n't wait to read the book too . I had no idea that during WWII some Jews escaped to Africa . This movie follows one family 's struggles surviving and acclimating to live in Africa . Phenomenal work . Yet another example of why most foreign films are quite a bit better than ours lately .
 The thing about this movie is it makes you desperately want to go to Kenya - the scenery is breathtaking , the community is warm and welcoming - and then you watch a family discover what 's truly important in life in the midst of a tumultuous time and in the middle of an untamed environment . . It 's absolutely inspiring . The most amazing thing has to be the actors - I have no idea where they found so many people who spoke fluent German , English and Swahili - one of the actors is a small child , it 's incredible . It 's a spectacular German film that 's on par with other Holocaust movies like Life is Beautiful , The Pianist and Schindler 's List - except much less depressing ; it 's a realistic story of survival and perseverence after a terrible loss .
 `` Nowhere In Africa '' deservingly won the Oscar for Best Foreign Film of 2002 . Unfortunately , this is also one of the most underrated movies of 2002 . This german film fills the audience with intense heartfelt emotion that one rarely experiences in film . The screenplay writer is not the only person to credit . The producer , the director , and especially the actors add their own finishes to this masterpiece . Their blood , sweat , and tears fill the whole movie screen . It desplicts the realities and the fears of german living during World War II , proving that the crew broadly researched their material . It desplicts more than the reactions of Hitler 's behavior . It also represents loneliness , longing , love , and being far away from home and family.Such movie virtues make `` Nowhere In Africa '' one of the best two hours of viewing of 2002 . After watching this , one will feel enlightened . Few modern-day movies have such impact and such quality . This will make `` Nowhere In Africa '' a classic in the following years to come .
 `` Nirgendwo in Afrika '' -LRB- `` Nowhere In Africa '' -RRB- is the compelling story of a German Jewish couple who relocate with their little girl to Africa in the early 1930 's . When the Nazis begin their rise to power , Walter Redlich sees the handwriting on the wall . Fearing that he and his family will soon be unable to escape from Germany , he gives up his law practice to manage a farm in Africa . He later sends for his wife , Jettel and his little girl , Regina , who join him in Kenya.Jettel moves to Africa not knowing what to expect . She brings a beautiful evening gown and exquisite china , which are useless in her new home , instead of the practical refrigerator that Walter requests . Jettel can not believe that she is doomed to live a hardscrabble life as a farmer . Walter is unsympathetic , since he believes that Jettel should be grateful to have left Europe alive . Jettel misses the family that she left behind and she longs for the comforts and familiar routines of her former life in Germany . Walter and Jettel can not communicate with one another and their marriage begins to disintegrate . `` Nowhere in Africa '' is a richly textured film . The actors , including Juliane Kohler as Jettel Redlich , Merab Ninidze as Walter , Sidede Onyulo as the family 's beloved cook and right hand man , Owuor , and Karoline Eckertz as Regina , all deliver heartfelt and nuanced performances . Caroline Link 's direction and screenplay are first rate . Link sensitively depicts Regina 's relationship with the wise and compassionate Owuor , who becomes her mentor as well as her cherished friend . Jettel , who at first looks down on Owuor and at Africans in general , gradually realizes that there is much beauty in this wild and exotic land , and she comes to love Africa . Gernot Roll 's cinematography is exquisite and the background music is evocative and moving . `` Nowhere in Africa '' will touch you and I guarantee that you will not easily forget the physical and spiritual journey of the Redlich family . This movie subtly demonstrates the pain of being an outsider , the importance of trying to understand people who are different from us , and the advantages of approaching life with an open mind and a caring heart .
 I really like this movie -- though other reviewers have already done a fine job of explaining the basics . In particular , I enjoyed this movie because it makes holocaust victims real instead of numbers , much like the Czech movie `` The Shop on Main Street '' -LRB- the movies are not similar -- but their manner of humanizing the experiences of the victims is quite dramatic -RRB- A nice touch -- showing humanitys flaws is the way the mother warns her daughter about associating with the African children -- echoing the very sentiments of the German people towards Jews during the Reich . Highly recommended ! One of the best movies I 've ever seen about victims of the Nazi holocaust .
 Caroline Link 's movie `` Nowhere in Africa '' is based on the story of Stephanie Zweig , who lived in Colonial Kenya to escape the Nazis . The author should not be confused with Stephan Zweig , the great Austrian Jewish author . The movie is unusual in its tone and direction . It shows the life of Walter and Jettel and their daughter , Regina who move to rural Kenya during the Holocaust . Owour , their servant plays a beautiful part in bringing the movie together . Jettel who hates the place , acts like a princess . Her frivolity precipitates the first of many domestic clashes that seriously strain the Redlichs ' marriage . Jettel initially hates her new life and treats the natives like servants . She embarrasses Owuor by asking him to carry water , a task only the women in his tribe perform . She even looks down on her husband , now that he 's a humble farmer no longer practicing law . Eventually , he puts her in her place by telling her that she is treating Owour the way the Nazis are treating the Jews , a slight exaggaration , but some truth to it . While Jettel starts as a vain , snobbish person , she eventually adapts to the situation as a self-reliant person.Regina eagerly embraces her new circumstances and befriends the native children her own age and learns their language , and the scenes of the girl frolicking with her African peers evoke an idyllic cultural merger . She is a pleasure to watch and her interaction with Owour is special . By the time the war breaks out , the situation gets dire back home as Jettel 's family is interned . Even in Africa , the anti-semitism is obvious . In Regina 's school , people treat the Jewish students differently from the other students . She is also talked to unkindly by the school principal.Eventually after the war Walter -LRB- who is Bavarian -RRB- , wishes to go back to Germany , but Jettel gets used to the place does not wish it . Niki Reiser 's African-flavored symphonic music -LRB- similar in style to Hans Zimmer 's film scores -RRB- underlines the visual sweep . The movie has beautiful photography that gives it both the landscape and the colonial life the elegance of a coffee-table picture book . While the movie may have some inconsistencies such as making the colonial life appear OK , and basking in the illusion that the past was so much prettier than the present , it still is a wonderfully made one and a pleasure to watch .
 This movie has been well described by other reviewers and is a wonderful movie ... not to be missed . It is well deserving of the Academy Award for best foreign movie and the `` two thumbs way up '' Ebert review .
 An awesome movie seen through the horses eyes . Set in the 2nd world war about a young horses rescued by an orphan boy . A neat movie . I really enjoyed watching it
 At first I was trying to figure out where the narrative was coming from , and then I realized it was the pony . It was a great movie , and I thought it was a little humorous that the pony was narrating the entire movie , but at least it was not a distraction . I have seen movies with talking horses before and at times , they became a little redondent . But I think this one was really the best . More often than not , I read the notes about the movie and then make a decision to purchase or not . Those product notes are very very important although at times , misleading as to language and content . This one was not , and I loved it . This was an excellent movie . I think it touched all of the emotions every single one of them . The horses were absolutely beautiful , and it was easy to become absorbed in their lives . The introduction of the tribal children and their interaction with the horse was excellent , and the ending was unbelievable , who could expect that outcome . I can not wait to watch it again . Great movie !
 This was not the movie I thought it was or that I was looking for . It was a good movie though and me and my 9 year old liked it a lot .
 I already have this DVD . Bought this 2nd DVD for my friend who loves horses . Staged in Africa during early WWI , I was amazed at how realistic the scenes were using animal `` actors '' . Running Free reveals a parody ... cruelty/kindness among humans and animals alike . The story is narrated by a young colt named Lucky who shows courage and strength in order to survive over tragedy and the most adverse desert conditons .
 I bought this DVD for my wife who loves horses . It was a good movie .
 This movie was very enjoyable by both young and old . I especially enjoyed it because of my love of horses and the idea of setting the horse free , the way they should be
 An inspiring tale of a young colt named Lucky who endures much tragedy -- separation from his mother , war and isolation -- before gathering the courage to roam free in the grueling African desert . Anyone who has ever pondered an animal 's point of view will greatly appreciate Lukas Haas ' narration as the inquisitive voice of Lucky . The pure and , ultimately , triumphant views of this sensitive equine are truly thought-provoking in a world where animals are often discarded . The sweeping cinematography of the African desert is stunning and , at times , reminiscent of `` Lawrence of Arabia '' . The supporting cast is outstanding , especially Chase Moore as the young boy who strikes up an everlasting friendship with Lucky . Overall , `` Running Free '' is a beautiful film which touts the triumph of good over evil , and the persistence of will which allows the underdog to prevail . A word of caution to parents
 My six year old son is a horse lover , so we knew he would like the movie , but we did n't realize that he 'd beg to see it over and over , for days . Afterwards , he and his younger brother would pretend they were the horses in the movie , and prance around the house with joy . My wife an I watched it a few times with them and thought it was great too ; beautifully filmed .
 Caught this unexpected pleasure , on a motel room T.V. . It is a rare , fasinating , high quality Cinematography , educational for all ages , and a highly unusual `` inside '' look into a horse 's world ! I 'm ordering one for Doc Beeman , who is a world known equine vet , and the rest as gifts to myself , and grandchildren .
 This movie was filmed right near where I live and I 'm really impressed with how it turned out . But I 'm puzzled by why it says it takes place in North Africa ... when actually it 's South West Africa ... but anyway , the photography is brilliant . The story is perhaps aimed more towards younger viewers , but it can still be enjoyed by the whole family .
 This is one of the best movie dvd 's I 've seen . If you love horses you simply must see this one . Very well done indeed . Thank you Amazon !
 A very compelling story about a boy and his colt , awesome heartwelming family adventure horse lovers will most entirely love !!!
 good show . we really enjoyed it . I was a good family show . i think any horse person would love it .
 Glad I found this movie on Amazon . As a horse lover , this is one of my favorite childhood movies . I highly recommend getting it , especially for the kids .
 This movie is really entertaining and the acting is great . I really like the scene with the two little foals , Beauty and Lucky , playing together . I liked the girl . The scenery in Africa is stunning , too . The horses are beautiful . I got this movie for my sister 's 12th birthday . She really enjoyed it too . Some scenes are scary and sad for kids under 7 , -LRB- like when the stable is set on fire with the horses in it , and when Lucky 's mother is killed by Caeser -RRB- which is one of the reasons that I gave Running Free four stars insted of five . The names where not very creative , most horses where named things like Lucky or Beauty . Also there is a couple parts where horses do things that a horse would not do , -LRB- like when Caeser kills Lucky 's mother . A stallion would not in a million years kill a mare . -RRB- I like this movie , and it was only $ 6 . Overall , this is a great movie to get if you want an interesting horse movie .
 Eric Roberts is one of those great actors you wonder what happened to , after Oscar nods in the eightees . Here is another example of a movie where I looked to see if he had some of his old stuff back , when all I could focus on was the the talent of a newcommer -LRB- sorry do n't know you -RRB- - David Lipper.This guy simply steals the movie with solid acting skills , while Roberts and Bako were the least entertaining . I thought Kane Picoy was pretty good too as the headstrong cop.All in all , an interesting little movie , maybe a little too wordy at times . In the vain of the Usual Suspects . Worth checking out .
 This was one of the best movies I have seen all year . Great Suprise ending , kept me guessing and had a diffent ending would have never thought of it . Great Acting , only thing I did not like was the one or two bedroom scens that added nothing to the picture , even with that was a great movie am buying it to add to my movie collection 5 stars .
 Paula Abdul 's first -LRB- and only -RRB- major concert tour was amazing and completely blew me away as a viewer . Seeing all of the dancing and special effects was wonderful for me as a true Paula fan . Even though I felt the show was too short and more songs from her 2 albums -LRB- up to that point -RRB- should have been included besides the obvious hits . Songs like `` Will You Marry Me ? '' , `` Alright Tonight '' and `` State of Attraction '' immediately spring to mind . I recall Paula saying in an interview that she 'd seen both Madonna and Janet Jackson 's tours in 1990 and that she wanted to incorporate some of the energy and spectacle from them but also wanted her show to be more exciting and more striking . Well all I can say is that she most definently succeeded , combining intense dancing , video special effects , surprisingly decent vocals and of all things , flying ballet dancers , Paula 's show was definently one of a kind . Each number performed showed Paula 's versatility as a dancer and choreographer and most of all , an entertainer . This Grammy and Emmy winning performer did n't get half the acclaim and credit she so richly deserved . But this is 1 fan who 's certainly under Paula 's spell . And by the way she looked great contrary to the above opinion , she was nowhere near `` fat '' .
 I was so excitted to find this on DVD , I grew up # 1 FANS OF Janet Jackson and Paula Abdul . They were very popular at the same time but Paula was never able to capture the audience of the mid 90 's with her follow up to Spellbound , `` Head Over Heals '' , instead Janet took over . I think it 's a shame we lost her as a recording artist and performer . I remember seeing Paula for the first time in December of 1991 , in Phoenix , AZ , when I was 13 and in the 7th grade . It was `` The Under My Spell Tour '' and I was so excited to finaly see her Live . I saw her in `` 92 '' as she performed her encore perfomance , and I became so dazzled by her performance . She was truely talented . I wish she would make a come back ! At least I can re live my Paula fanatic days with this performance .
 Paula Abdul launched a headlining worldwide tour in late 1991 that sold out at first but slowly faded away from view . Well , this tape proves the concert had what it takes to be a huge hit ! This is footage from the Japan `` Under My Spell '' tour , and Paula is at her best . The dancing is flawless ; it tunes you in and sticks in your head . Her singing sounds just as good as the CD 's , too . Her image for the concert , the lighting , design and structure are all amazing . Paula really shines in her `` Straight Up '' performance . A classic for Paula fans !
 paula pours her heart and soul into this fun , high energy extravaganza.it 's more than just your run of the mill concert , all the elements are there.great songs , a tight band , energetic dancers and of course amazing choreography.if you 're not a paula abdul fan , you will be one after you watch this .
 If you wan na see why Paula is one America 's most sought after choreographers , and why she ranks with fellow Pop Divas such as Janet Jackson and Madonna -- then you have to get this!Paula 's best work is displayed through her music videos and performances for crying-out-loud !! You CA N'T just have her albums and not see her perform !! This is what she does best . ; - -RRB- This should definitely be in your `` Music Memorabilia '' collection ...
 The real winner here is the `` Straight Up '' performance , with all the flashy special effects , amazing dancing and strong vocals . Many seem so quick to judge Paula 's voice but do n't realize her true , defining talent ; dancing and performing . She 's great ! I also liked her hits from her follow-up `` Spellbound , '' an amazingly successful # 1 album in 1991 . A great collection for this pop diva .
 This is a very rare concert . I 'm very happy to have it . Paula sings LIVE in this concert . No lipsyncing and while she 's not the best singer in the world she sounds great during the show . Im a fan of hers and I love that she didnt lipsync . It 's all about showing the fans you really can sing live . I really dont like when singers dont sing live and she did it here so I was very pleased . She also had a leg injury before this show but put the pain behind her and went out and danced amazingly . She is the true definition of a great performer !
 The spellbound tour was paula abdul 's only actual tour and its a shame because she really puts on an awesome show ! . . i had the chance to catch her show when she came to my city . . and this video captures the magic perfectly!this video was filmed when paula was on tour in the far east and she does not dissapoint . . she gives an incredible performance doing it with CLASS -LRB- gaga pay attention and see how its done right ! -RRB- ... it shows that she pours her heart into every number with passion and sensuality . . that only paula abdul can deliver . . for example when the `` rush rush '' number is on . . you can see the emotion that flows . . just look in her eyes and youll see what im talking about ... she has some funky dance numbers also . . such as the `` straight up '' segment as well as the `` opposites attract '' number where a funny number with mc skat cat is done . plus . . its cute when says a few japanese lines to the crowd :-RRB- its adorable.the camera work done here is terrific . . lots of great pans and close ups . . plus , Paula looks truly BEAUTIFUL . . and is by NO means `` fat '' as stated by some dummy in another review . . to call her fat is just plain stupid ... even now , if im having a bad day or feeling a bit down , ill pop in this concert and it always cheers me up ... bottom line this shows why paula is forever our girl : -RRB-
 Paula Abdul launched a headlining worldwide tour in late 1991 that sold out at first but slowly faded away from view . Well , this tape proves the concert had what it takes to be a huge hit ! This is footage from the Japan `` Under My Spell '' tour , and Paula is at her best . The dancing is flawless ; it tunes you in and sticks in your head . Her singing sounds just as good as the CD 's , too . Her image for the concert , the lighting , design and structure are all amazing . Paula really shines in her `` Straight Up '' performance . A classic for Paula fans !
 ... then you 've got to get this tape ! This sensational concert was filmed in Japan while on the Under My Spell Tour . It 's exactly what you would expect from Paula ! The dancing is awesome ; the whole show is great . You 'll want to watch this tape over and over again !
 i am a big fan of paula abdul.its very hard to find her video tape in asia , i am so glad to get it from amazon Her dance is excellent , but she did n't dance very well during ` straight up ` its a bit bored b4 she sang the ` vibelogy ' she looked a bit fat in her concert but it is still a great video collection for pple who love paula abdul ^ o ^
 What A Fun And Funny Show !!! The Cast Is Incredible , The Humor Was Simple & Crazy All At The Same Time !!! I Ca n't Wait For Season Two For More Silly , Crazy `` F-Troop '' Fun !!!!
 F Troop is classic television from my youth . The zany situations that the troop finds itself in each week are hilarious . The scheming Sgt. O'Rourke , the neurotic Corporal Agarn , the gullible Captain Parmenter , and the beautiful Wrangler Jane make this a must have DVD set.If you enjoy laughing , then you need to pick up this set . Season two is set to be released later this year .
 I had forgotten just how funny F-Troop was . I am so glad I bought this collection . The DVDs are excellent quality and the price was great !
 This black and white 1960 's series is a easy-going smile-on-your-face send up of the wild west . The plots are quite simple with the strength being the the humour generated by the bumbling characters , some of which is traditional slapstick . Captain Parmeter is well-meaning but incompetent , while his subordinates , O'Rourke and Agarn run an unlikely souvenir and contraband enterprise on the side with the help of the local Indian tribe ` The hekawi 's '' . The ineraction with the Indians gives the shows some of the funniest moments . The explanantion of their tribe name is halarious . Other troopers in the Fort include a non-musical bugular , a short sighted lookout , and a non-English speaking interpreter . The most dangerous place in this fort is not fighting the Indians , but being in the ill-fated lookout tower .
 This is one TV series that keeps the laughs flowing through your living room . A finely tuned hit from the 60 's . The characters and the actors and actresses that made them come to life is what made F-Troop an overnight success . Some gags were overplayed like the firing of the cannon striking the lookout tower or the same building nearly everytime . The show starred Ken Berry -LRB- Mama 's Family -RRB- , Forrest Tucker -LRB- Walking Tall 2 & 3 -RRB- , Larry Storch and Melody Patterson . Plus special appearences by such classic stars like Don Rickles , George Gobal , Henry Gibson , Edward Everett Horton and look for a very young Jamie Farr -LRB- M * A * S * H -RRB- . Hopefully Warner Brothers will release the all the episodes .
 I could not believe they finally put F Troop season 1 on DVD . I bought this one year back . I am looking forward to adding season 2 to my collection .
 I would argue that there * are * messages in the series.For one thing , the power of kindness . Everybody is kind to one another . Captain Parmenter is kind to all of his men , including the lowest ranks . He 's kind to the town drunk and to the gunfighter who wants to kill him . He even tames the angry renegade Bald Eagle with kindness . In turn , O'Rourke , Agarn , and Dobbs are always kind to him -LRB- `` Are you all right , sir ? '' -RRB- and his men watch out for him.Parmenter is brave . He always leads the charge and faces every problem . He does his duty and pushes the others to do theirs . He tries to do the right thing . He keeps going , no matter what happens . And he * does * succeed in his job of keeping the peace in the area . -LRB- He just does n't understand why . -RRB- Wild Eagle does n't kowtow to the white men . They come to him for help and advice . He keeps the pressure up on O'Rourke and outsmarts him regularly . The chief uses his intelligence , shrewdness , and drive for the good of the people he leads . He , too , is successful ... his tribe is prosperous and at peace.O ` Rourke 's crooked schemes fail , his noncom club warehouse regularly going up in flames . However , his kindly schemes succeed.Lots of messages in this show .
 I purchased this box set from my `` birthday money '' . and have not regretted it!Allowing for the age of the show the picture and sound quality was excellent.F Troop provides timeless fun and non-stop humour -LRB- Aussie spelling -RRB- . Bring on season 2 please!Nicholas Shepherd -LRB- age 13 -RRB- Glossodia , Sydney , Australia .
 Yeah I know everybody here remembers F-Troop from when they were a kid and enjoyed the show , blah blah blah , but the great thing about this set and this show is how much the humor stands up well 40 years later.There are many reasons for this , but the chief -LRB- no pun intended -RRB- is the supporting cast . Dobbs , Duffy , Vanderbilt , Hoffenmueller and the crew , game the show a lot more meat . Mash managed to do the same thing with supporting players who would on occasion be a bigger part of the story but were always there.Wild Eagle and crew keep the comedy going . Frank DeKova really does steal almost every scene he is in and keeps the laughs coming.None of this is to take anything away from the leads who all do their job well , but it 's the little things that make this a buyer and a keeper 40 years later , and now my sons are enjoying it too!If your kids can get the jokes and love them two generations removed then as a comdey team , you 've done your job .
 The best show ever to come on televisionI ca n`t wait for the next season to be released .
 Great item , Just like I remember it when I was a kid.Thanks for the laughs .
 I remember watching syndicated episodes of this show while a kid . I had remembered it being funny but not much else.I wanted to buy this first season so that I could remember what the excitement was about and I was glad that I did.The show is hilarious with a fun premise . Ken Berry plays the straight-laced Captain who has no idea that Forrest Tucker and Larry Storch are actually running the fort.Warner did a beautiful job in restoring these shows , which are in black and white . There is very very little evidence of any `` pops '' and `` scratches '' that is often prevalent in old black and white film . The sound quality is well-done as well , although mono , it still sounds fine.I recommend purchasing this to relive the fun of the bumbling F-Troop .
 We have enjoyed all the shows again with our two teen-age children . They have laughed as much as we did when we were young . It is worth getting . All of us are looking forward to the 2nd season coming out .
 You can not name one favorite episode of this first year compilation nor would you really want to ... there are so many side-splitting laughes to last a life time . However , a good case would be for the original episode which introduces us to good , but klutzy Captain Wilton Parmeter , devious but lovable Sargeant O'Rourke and Corporal Agorn , and Edward Everett Horton and Fred de Kova as the Hikawi medicine man and chief , respectively . This first episode sets the stage for EVERTHING which follows . Watch and see how Captain Parmeter proves he IS the `` scourge of the West '' , and drop dead laughing while Corporal Agorn refreshes the Indians with war-dance lessons !! You will literally laugh till you cry . Whether you remember their antics from your youth or are just now discovering this comedy treasure , you wo n't be able to stop watching this first year laugh bonanza . . see the bugle played upside down in the worst way possible , wait for the inevitable toppling of the watch tower and some expected -LRB- and unexpected -RRB- cannon firings ... watch the Indians borrow the cannon for their Moon Festival while Captain Parmeter and Wrangler Jane share a tender interlude . Wait for the complications and their hilarious solutions . Be astonished and amused as the Indians industrously promote themselves with timely souvenirs while O'Rourke and Agorn enrich themselves . These episodes are well written , well acted and filmed with creative comic timing and sense ... you may never see anything funnier . It deserves a prominent place in your comedy collection and , by all means , watch it , watch it and watch it over again !!
 If you like corny ... Our four year old likes `` where pale face and red skin both turn chicken '' . Europeans -LRB- where we live -RRB- often idolize the American indians as mistreated folk who never hurt anyone unless they were helping bad white men ... -LRB- They have an indian hero with a white friend -LCB- TV show -RCB- that was very popular here . -RRB- They would never understand this show 's making fun of both sides
 There was a time when TV comedy was just fun and silly , without being suggestive or vulgar . This show was a great example of that era . Personally , I do n't care about political agendas or the millionth sex joke . TV today would have us believe that tasteless jokes are all our minds are capable of . Sometimes , after a very long day at work , I just want to laugh and relax . So much of classic TV was like that . This wacky group is animated and funny . That 's worth the price of admission .
 Got this to have my son enjoy & see some family friendly shows from the past . He loves it - he 's 15 and laughed .
 We are very happy with the clarity of these videos and so glad that they were made available at this price .
 I already had several episodes i bought from columbia house on tape but wanted the dvds.I watched the show when i was young and just loved it.It always made me laugh.The only complaint i have is the set i got had one episode that was very spotty.It was the one with zsa zsa gabor playing a gypsy.I dont know what happened as all the other ones were just great.I had the set for awhile before i opened it and it was to late to return it so i will have to live with it.It was only about 3 or 4 minutes of the episode so no big deal.Now i check everything i buy right away to be sure they are ok .
 There were a lot of excellent television series produced in the 1960 's . However , I ca n't think of another comedy series based in the late 1860 's . F-Troop 's basic premise is keeping the aloof Capt. Parmenter out of the illicit business dealings of Sergeant O'Rourke , and Corporal Agarn , who are in business with the local Indian tribe , the Hekawis . The Hekawis are perceived to be a threat to the town , hence Fort Courage and F-Troop being there.The real value is in the casting . The casting director for F-Troop is a genius -LRB- except for the fact that Melody Patterson was 16 years old at the time , hard to believe I know -RRB- . Forrest Tucker as Sgt. O'Rourke , Larry Storch as Cpl. Agarn , Ken Berry as Capt. Parmenter , and Frank DeKova as Chief Wild Eagle all excel in their roles . The guest stars are also enjoyable , especially seeing them now after many have gone on to greater things.My only criticism of the show is the slapstick physical humor gets a bit old after a while , but that does n't detract from the enjoyment of the series . Capt. Parmenter must have a perpetual inner ear issue to fall over so frequently!I rented this at the library and ordered it from Amazon after seeing the first few episodes . The first episode is very funny . If you like the first episode , you are good to go with the series . I highly recommend this series !
 We thoroughly enjoyed these DVD 's . Quality was wonderful . Would have been nice to have had some extras - interviews with stars , etc. but my husband laughed so much he almost cried .
 Great Series , it is good to see the Fort Courage gang back to losing the West . The picture quality is good , nothing to complain about .
 I have had a blast watching the old F-troop shows . It was one of my favorite TV shows as a kid . And I find they old up pretty well after all these years . Anyone one looking for a little 60 's TV nostalgia cant go wrong here !
 `` F Troop '' is certainly one of the funniest of the `` golden age of television '' series . The humour is still fresh today . Indeed F Troop , being a satire of both `` the western '' and military life , has an extra dimension for modern audiences . Today we 're stuck in a era when westerns , especially `` cowboy and indian '' westerns , have become both politically incorrect and unfashionable . F Troop pokes fun at the old stereotypes whilst gently celebrating them . And of course , with a new global war raging satires on the military , now rare , but once common , if only in `` McHale 's Navy '' and `` Bilko '' , have a topical appeal . `` F Troop - Series One '' has great funny episodes , all featuring the great F Troop cast , including appearances from Edward Everett Horton , who most of us know only as a voice from the great `` Fractured Fairy Tales '' cartoon . Series One was shot in glorious black and white , you will have to wait for later series to get F Troop `` in Color '' . The video and audio reproduction are excellent.The package itself is good too . The box set comprises of three plastic packs with two DVDs per pack . The DVDs are single sided DVDs . In my experience dual sided DVDs are more prone to handling damage in everyday use , so `` F Troop Series One '' is a DVD collection that you will not only want to play over and over , but you can play over and over too!Bravo !
 I cried tears of joy when I received this set . I was not alive when F Troop had its original television run , rather , I watched it voraciously on Nick at Nite as a kid . Have seen every episode ad nauseum and I will keep watching them.The great thing about F Troop is that even though it is pure slapstick/farce and completely silly , it is still ten times smarter than a large majority of the sitcoms on tv today . It also has surprisingly remained relatively `` undated , '' as few jokes are drawn from a 1960s mindset . Instead , jokes are made about historical topics -LRB- the Alamo , Gen. Custer , and the sale of Manhattan Island are favorites -RRB- . And the physical comedy is sensational ... all the actors are very good at pratfalls , facial expressions , dancing , etc. . Ken Berry , of course , is by far the best at this type of physical comedy , but the other cast members should not be forgotten . Larry Storch can do one heck of a war dance ! And I would argue that Frank de Kova 's presence on scene is the most magnetic ... he steals every scene he is in.And the best thing about F Troop ? None of the main characters , military or Indian , are bad guys !! I think this is really a unique aspect of the program . All the villians -LRB- who for the most part are n't really that bad anyway -RRB- are only around for their episode . All the main characters , while perhaps greedy and/or clueless , are essentially nice people . It 's refreshing to find a show that does not rely on constant tension between its characters for entertainment.A great show for adults to enjoy with the kids and grandkids . Absolutely hilarious !!!!
 i found f-troop as a child very funny forty years latter it is stil better than what they try to call comedy .
 I really enjoyed watching the first season of this great comedy . It brought back some great memories . I sincerely wish they would produce more seasons of this great classic .
 I 'm glad I decided to buy the first season of F-Troop . It 's like revisiting my childhood . Loved the show then , and still love it . Ca n't wait for the second season !
 I just loved this TV show when I was young , watched it every time it was on . Even re-runs . It 's the type of show that you can sit and enjoy with your children . Entertainment , what a concept !
 God , I loved this show !! It 's a fun , wild look at the `` old west '' sterotypical style . `` Crazy Cat '' is the best . Real Native Americans were cast , which back then , was a first . Ken Berry gives a great performance of the bumbling captain . Worth the wait !
 Here 's a wonderful gift idea . Buy this DVD set as , -LRB- I hate to call it -RRB- , `` filler '' , between your usual movie watching . This is a great warm-up to an evening of DVD viewing or a nice night-cap to end your day . I will also add here that I 've only gotten through half of this DVD set as I write this commentary.The first few disk are very good . We get a nice setup of the coming stories and the characters are firmly established in this whimsical comedy . Actor , Ken Berry , delivers his hokey physical gags , Forrest Tucker and Larry Storch are the goofy comedic team and the supporting oddball cast quite nicely round out these zany adventures . The black and white format adds to the `` old-time '' feel of the western time period . It 's like looking through a demented old stereoscope image from the 1800 's . I 'm sure there will be some who are offended by the portrayal of the Native Americans in this show . `` F-Troop '' could never be made today because of all the politically-correct fascists among us . But , hey , as a product of the 60 's I do n't think it colored me with any particular negative view of anybody . Actually it showed me how we all have a comic bent to each individual . Melody Patterson 's portrayal of Wrangler Jane is an example of a spunky little scamp who hangs with the best of the boys ; especially her beloved Captain of the fort , Wilton Parmenter . There , at least everybody wo n't be offended . : - -RRB- Here 's where I see a problem ahead . I 'm just at the halfway point of the set and I 'm starting to see some obvious repeats of storylines . This is uncomplicated stuff . I 'm not expecting high-brow intellect , but I have to wonder if this would become annoying on long sits through episodes ? Right now I 'm good but as I mentioned before , I 'm not watching a ton of episodes one right after another.As a DVD buy I think it 's worth the money , especially if you can get it on sale as I did . What do the future disks hold , or for that matter , season two ? Hey , I do n't know but it 's not hard to guess . More zany adventures !!! Right ?!?! I 'd advise you take your time with this set and enjoy the many little gems of comedy generously dispensed in each show . Do n't rush this `` fine wine '' of whimsy but savor each sip of this 40 year old vintage . As stated and as rated , I say it 's four stars .
 I watched this growing up and when I came across it , I had to have it . This show is better than Mash , by far . The characters in this get into funnier predicaments than anything I 've ever seen . It is a must have .
 This is great . If you grew up watching these on TV , this will bring back great memories . They start off in black and white and are great fun to watch for the whole family .
 F Troop - The Complete Second SeasonGiven to my Father-In-Law for his birthday/Christmas . He loved them and watches them all the time ... much to his wife 's dismay !
 Quality product , quality service . I would not hesitate to do business with this organisation again .
 thanks for everything very happy with the transaction very highly recomended to do business with
 I ca n't add much to what 's already been said except all who watch these classic shows with us burst out laughing alot .
 great quality love this show as good as I remembered would recommend this to anyone.love this all time classic , I watched this as a kid and it stuck in my memory as a funny good tv show and my memory was right
 I missed this show , glad it 's out on dvd now . Now I can enjoy it all over again . Great . Great
 This was a childhood favorite and never fails to please . The interplay between characters who expertly stay in character shows great acting skills . There are the minor troopers such as Vanderbilt and Duffy reacting to O'Rourke and Agarn who depend on Hannibal Dobbs to bugle out every vital call to humor . The Hikowis keep their pride and dignity and trade for every opportunity . Capt. Parmenter and Calamity Jane never fail to keep it clean and wholesome . It 's just the best !
 After 40 + years , They 're back . The whole crazy bunch of misfits of Fort Courage return and they are funnier than ever.Capt . Parmenter , Sgt. O'Rourke , Cpl. Agarn , Wrangler Jane , Chief Wild Eagle , Crazy Cat , and Troopers Hannibal Dobbs , Duffy , Hoffenmueller and Vanderbilt provide the laughs while parodying life between the soldiers of Fort Courage and the Hekawi Indian tribe.It appears we have a nicely packaged set with single-sided picture discs containing all 34 episodes from season one . A great job from the good folks at the Warner Bros. . !
 I loved this show as a kid and I love it now . When I was a kid , this show was good clean stupid fun and I was a good clean stupid kid . Now I love it because it 's good clean stupid fun in a world where sit-coms are crass , dirty , and most of the humor is pornographic in nature.The reason that F-Troop works is that it had a great cast with great chemistry and timing . There was a lot of repetitive slapstick humor , maybe too much , but there were veteran actors making that humor happen.Also , the sets were expansive for a sit-com . You had an entire fort , a western town , and an indian camp with not very politically correct indians . -LRB- In fact , the sheer non-PC part of the show is something I enjoy as an adult . This show probably could n't have been made today . -RRB- And , there were just a lot of people in the show . There were many supporting actors among the F-troopers and the indians , just a lot of people involved to interact with the main characters . Contrast this to so many sit-coms that for the most part take place in a living room or a restaurant , or a living room and a restuarant , but not much more.The humor is probably a bit repetitive and I do n't see myself watching more than one or two episodes in a sitting , but I 'm thrilled to have this show back in my life in glorious DVD resolution . When my morale droops , I watch F-Troop .
 I purchased the 6 episode `` TV Favorites '' version of F Troop and it only whetted my appetite for full season releases . This was my favorite show in the mid-sixties . It is hilarious with a great cast and a list of guest stars that 's a Who 's Who of that long ago TV era
 First , I waited YEARS for this show to be on DVD . it was a Hold-out for some reason onto DVD . They finally released all of Season 1 , in order on DVD . Unfortunately there are no extras at all , and there are no ` chapter '' breaks in the episodes 9that really sucks -RRB- . The episodes are in generally excellent shape and its GREAT to see them UNCUT -LRB- all of the TV prints on Nikelodeon or syndication were edited by 3-5 minutes ! -RRB- . The first season is the BEST of the two seasons for one reason -- MORE HEKAWI INDIANS !! I love the HEKAWIS -- they are the funniest Indians I 've ever seen on TV . Mel brooks STOLE a lot of this for BLAZING SADDLES . Even better , the first season features the great actor Edward Everett Horton as The Medicine man , Screaming Chicken -LRB- `` Somebody sick , Need soup '' -RRB- . He 's hilarious ! he did n't sign on for the second season . Now , the show has elaborate sets for a SIT-COM . They used the old -LRB- now demolished -RRB- Warner Back lot for Fort Courage and the Town . They used 35mm film , stuntmen , horse wranglers , guns , and an entire second set for `` The Hekawi '' tribe . Most of the show was shot `` on-location '' which in todays world would cost millions . When you combine the prohibitive costs of the show and the politcally incorrent , but funny as all hell Indians . . this isa show that will never be duplciated . The negatives are the DVD box set has absolutely NOTHING but the episodes on it and the episodes feature the same `` gags '' and `` O `` Rourke Enterprises '' stories over and over ... but there are some truly funny bits and gems in this series . I hope season two has some extras !! PS -- I bet none of you know this -- but in the original broadcasts of this show in 1965 -- during the first 13 episodes -- there were LYRICS TO THE CLOSING ENDE CREDITS !! That ; s right = - there was an entire set of OTHER lyrics to close the show -LRB- with the same theme song -RRB- . I guess they LOST those credits because none of the episodes has the original end credits with the lyrics . I only have ONE poor VHS tape with those lyrics and i am very glad i did NOT toss that tape out before watching this show !!! If anyone knows anything else about the original closing credits with LYRICS . . please put up a post !!!
 I have loved this show forever !!!!! Captain Parmenter , Agarn , Sargent O'Rourke , Jane ... . It is simply the best . Great acting , great script , and the chemestry between all the players was a match made in heaven ! It only lastet two seasons ... . but oh how lucky we are that it even came to be ... and now is finally out on DVD so that new generations can discover and fall in love with this classic piece of slapstick comedy treasured by the 60s generation . Great for the whole family.I highly recommend it !!!!!!!!! BUY IT !!!!!!!
 I bought this for my ten year-old son because I would rather he watch `` good wholesome comedy '' than most of the shows on TV today . He loves it and wanted me to write `` it 's the best comedy since Giligan 's Island ! '' The antics , humor , and story lines make me wish there were more shows like this that the whole family can enjoy .
 Comedy does n't get much better than this . Politically incorrect lampoons and gut busting slapstick , this series was thankfully made at a time when most people knew the difference between comedy , and serious hurtful stereotyping . A must have for serious comedy afficianados .
 F-Troop is not Shakespeare , but for what it is , it 's a funny show , purely innocent , with only one aim
 I learned about F-troop back when they showed it on Nick at Nite and Nickelodeon , and loved it then . Watching it now that I 'm a littler older -LRB- 27 -RRB- , I like it even more . It is full of goofy comedy and lots of running gags that keep getting better the longer the show goes on . I could go on writing a paper about why I love F-troop , but my comment is more about the DVD set itself . I give them 4 stars for finally releasing a season set , beforehand I had to settle for a few Columbia House tapes with 3-4 eps each , in random order -LRB- and 2 of those tapes cost more than this set -RRB- . The only reason it doesnt get 5 stars is because there are no extras , none . Not even closed captioning or subtitling in English for the hearing impaired . Each disc pretty much `` Play All '' and `` Chapter Index '' and thats it . I 'm not an expert but to my eyes the transfer looks really good and is definately the clearest I 've seen F-troop . Its the only way you 'll get to see every episode -LRB- assuming season 2 is released eventually -RRB- , but some commentaries or anything along those lines would have been nice , many of the major actors are still around and probably available for such things .
 THIS IS ONE OF THE FUNNIEST SHOWS OF ALLTIME . -LRB- AGARN ! I DO N'T KNOW WHY THEY SAY YOU ARE DUMB -RRB- THERE WAS NO MESSAGES IN THIS , JUST MINDLESS FUN ! RELIVE IT ! -LRB- WHO SAYS I , M DUMB ? -RRB-
 I remember the series when it first aired and am thrilled that the DVD I purchased captured the episodes so beautifully . I really enjoy them , the characters and situations are as funny as when they first aired , and it is good clean tongue-in-cheek fun . I 'm looking forward to purchasing the second season of F-Troop when it is available .
 I found seeing F Troop for the first time for years.It was great to see it all again.I enjoyed it so well it brought great memories back to me . The transfer from the film to dvd was excited !! . It worth seeing over again . I be looking forward to see F Troop the complete second season when it comes out.Highly recommended .
 One of my favorite shows always funny , Nobdy make shows like this anymore.Had a crush on Wrangler Jane .
 Good , clean , fun !!! These shows are really funny and sometimes will leave you crying because of the hilarious antics of the `` troops '' and the chananigans they create . These have been remastered and the film quality is great ! Reminds one of the days before political correctness set in ... it is sad that `` today 's '' shows ca n't be more light-hearted and void of political messages . Anyone can watch these , including little kids , and not feel as though you need to `` change the channel , '' so to speak . I hope they come out with more shows from the 60 's like these !
 I always loved watching this show . I even taped some off of tv when they showed them on other stations.I watched them so many times my vhs tapes are getting worn from me viewing them over & over again.The only complaint I have on this DVD is there are no extras such as commentary . Out of the 4 main actors Forrest Tucker is the only person who is n't around . Storch , Berry & Patterson are still w / us.I also seen a long time ago a gag reel on a vhs tape on tv show bloopers that showed the cast goofing around during `` I 'm Not Speaking To You '' . Too bad that was n't included as well.I only hope the 2nd season comes out soon .
 I can just barely remember watching the reruns of this show . Now , I am SO glad it is released on dvd . If you like classic comedy entertainment the whole family can enjoy , this series is for you !
 I loved this show as a kid and I love it even more as an adult ! This is good clean fun for the whole family . There 's six discs of this classic ' 60 's showand believeme you 're gettin ' your money 's worth with this box set . I picked this up directly from Amazon for less than 18 dollars -LRB- shipping not included . -RRB- rest assured when the second season comes out it will be bought also .
 It 's digitally remastered , full length eps from the great 60 's western comedy F-Troop . Sure there 's a speck or 2 of dust and some very slight graininess once in a while , but hell , these shows are over 40 years old ! Want to do yourself a big favor ? Move your mouse cursor up to the purchase bar , click and buy it NOW . You will not be disappointed . Great stuff . As for the lack of extras , well , most of the original cast are probably dead or so old and feeble that they probably do n't even remember the show . Otherwise , it 's perfect . C'mon season 2 !
 we love f-troop . very clean comical family oriented comedy . too bad they dont know how to make clean , funny comedy anymore . these are the safest things to put in and enjoy with the family . i wished f-troop had more seasons .
 F Troop has been a favorite for a long time . I was delighted to find it available on DVD . It is timeless humor , enjoyable over and over.The cast was great , Hard to believe the female lead , Melody Anderson , was only 16 at the series start ! One thing nice about the older TV series is that they do n't cover up the dialog with dumb songs.F Troop - The Complete First Two Seasons 1 & 2
 I bought this for my boyfriend and he loves it , laughs alot . Army comedy . And I wish we had more army comedies . Anyway I 'm going to get him the whole collection.On AMAZON of course .
 F Troop was a good screwball type comedy that you ca n`t help but get a good laugh out of . In this show the west was really wild.Wildly funny that is . You will never find a bigger batch of loons than at Fort Courage , not even in congress.The boys in blue at Fort Courage are charged with protecting Kanasa from those blood thirsty injuns like Crazy Cat and RoaringChicken . But fortune favors the stupid , which in this case is both sides . As it says in the openning of the show , `` It ` s wherepaleface and redskin both turn chicken '' . The indians are more interested in selling blankets and bootleg booze than collectingscalps and if F Troop poses any danger at all it ` s only to theirselves . They only thing they ever managed to hit with theircannon is their own watch tower.It ` s good clean fun , or you might say instead of how the west was won , this is how the west was fun .
 this truly brings back how funny tv can be , I laughed just as hard at the 2 showing as at the first .
 the packaging is terrible . Why did they have to put each disk in its own case ? If you buy this entire series , and they are all packaged like this , it will take up a considerable amount of space on your shelves !
 You will laugh every episode . The Indians are cool . . Agron is a nut . CPT Pamimeter is the most clusy , nuttiest commander ever . I will get season 2 because I enjoyed season 1 so much .
 This show was just plain low-budget hokey fun . Good for unwinding at the end of a long day . Even with some of the gags repeated , they are worth watching again .
 The first season of F-Troop is very funny . The main cast and the secondary cast are all good . Larry Storch can make even the dumbest lines funny ! The cast interactions are well done and even the smallest soldier parts are memorable.And can anyone deny that Chief Wild Eagle and his tribe are n't a lovable bunch ? There are so very funny cameos , one by Don Rickles , that especially stands out . The first season works so well and looks great in black and white . It 's a shame the the only other season changes things around so much and does n't live up to this classic season.The only draw-back is the what seems like an extra-long beginning which the DVDs do n't allow you to chapter jump through it ! Also , the funny Medicine-man just disappears without any explanation within the first season . It takes awhile before the show rebounds from his loss .
 Unlike what they think is funny today this was one of the funniest shows ever produced . The banter between Agarn , O'Rourke and the Indians is absolutely hysterical . Chief Wild Eagle and his sidekicks are a riot as they are just the opposite of the so-called savage injuns . It was just another series of the times where up and coming actors and comics were featured . No hidden mesages here , just laughter . No politically correct junk either , just laughter . Today we have such great shows as `` Real Housewives '' and `` Pawn Stars '' to look at . What junk . For anyone who remembers F Troop you wo n't be disappointed . For anyone who thinks today 's shows are funny this blows them away .
 F Troop made me laugh until the end and you will laugh too.They could n't have picked a better cast.F Troopo is a definite must for Your collection.You will not be disapointed .
 I 'm 26 years old and I love this show . Used to watch it on Nick at Nite when I was in elementary school . Just as I remember . Good clean humor .
 I remember watching this when I was a child and enjoyed watching the actors and the comedy skits they would perform . Watching it now brings back all the good times and they still make me laugh . If you are tired of all current shows and yesteryears remakes . Watch the originals .
 Westerns -- serious , light -LRB- likeAlias Smith and Jones - The Complete Series ! 50 episodes on 10 DVDs ! , and even mildly satirical -LRB- like `` Maverick '' -RRB- -- were aplenty on TV in the ' 50 's and ' 60 's , but this is the only Western sitcom I know of that actually lasted more than half a season . Set on and around the tiny Cavalry post of Fort Courage -- somewhere between Dodge City , Laramie , Carson City , and the Apache country -- and the civilian town just outside the back gate , it follows the misadventures of what must have been the Army 's first `` awkward squad '' -LRB- the Secretary of War , in one episode , flatly states that `` We sent them out there hoping they 'd all desert ! '' -RRB- . There 's Pvt. Dobbs -LRB- James Hampton -RRB- , the eager and well-meaning bugler , who ca n't blow anything in tune ; Pvt. Vanderbilt -LRB- Joe Brooks -RRB- , who 's not only a Western Mr. Magoo -LRB- `` 20/900 in each eye '' -RRB- but does n't hear very well either ; Pvt. Duffy -LRB- Bob Steele -RRB- , who claims to have fought `` shoulder to shoulder '' with Davy Crockett at the Alamo ; Pvt. Duddleson , an overweight slob -LRB- `` You 're in line but your belly ai n't ! '' -RRB- ; Pvt. Hoffenmueller -LRB- John Mitchum -RRB- , who speaks only German ; and an assembly of others just as bad . Their noncoms are more competent but a good deal less honest
 Bought as gift for DH - who loves all the old comedy series . This first season collection is crisp and clear , in sound and video .
 F TROOP always made me laugh hard . It 's a silly , innocent mid-Sixties Army comedy that takes place on the frontier circa 1867 . Season One was originally broadcast in black and white -- does anybody remember black and white TV?The Army 's F Troop is comprised of a bunch of lovable misfits -LRB- a bugler who ca n't bugle , a lookout who ca n't see , the only survivor of the Alamo , etc. -RRB- . They are commanded by Captain Wilton Parmenter -LRB- Ken Berry -RRB- , an unlikely , inexperienced Civil War hero who constantly refers to his Army Manual for guidance , and relies on his Top Sarge for advice.The Sergeant , O'Rourke -LRB- Forrest Tucker -RRB- , is an entrepeneur/grifter whose best pal is Corporal Agarn from Passaic , New Jersey -LRB- Larry Storch -RRB- . O'Rourke 's `` Enterprises '' work closely and secretly with the Hekawi Indians -LRB- the inventors of the peace pipe -RRB- , to sell tourist trap junk to folks passing through Fort Courage , the garrison town which is somewhere on the Great Plains.Captain Parmenter is in love with Wrangler Jane , the local cowgirl , played by Melody Anderson -LRB- who was only fourteen -- a very mature fourteen -- when the show debuted . She was so hot was I was a kid ! -RRB- . The Hekawis are headed by Chief Wild Eagle -LRB- Frank DeKova -RRB- who is constantly being plotted ahgainst by his Assistant Chief , Crazy Cat.F TROOP is full of gut-busting , belly-laughter bad puns , sight gags , slapstick and classic comedy routines that we 've seen a million times before -LRB- in 1965 , we 'd already seen them half a million times -RRB- . In terms of modern TV programming , its ridiculously unsophisticated , and that 's what makes it so great.A few reviewers have complained about the show 's political incorrectness . Sure , the Hekawis seem Politically Incorrect with their broken English and bead trading , and , oh yeah , peacefulfulness . I mean -- peaceful American Indians on the frontier ???? -- how outrageous ! How Politically Incorrect ! Oh , shut up.There are complaints about the laugh track . This is what bothers you ? The laugh track ? Come on ! If it was n't for F TROOP shows like CURB YOUR ENTHUSIASM would never have evolved . By-the-bye , I do n't think SCRUBS holds a candle to F TROOP . Today 's `` intellectual comedies '' are fine , but I do n't always want to think , sometimes I just want to laugh until my sides hurt : Vincent Price as the visiting vampire
 F Troop - The Complete First SeasonIMHO , Season One is the better of the two offerings of the classic TV show F Troop.During Season One , the producers really wanted to make a splash . They did it with hilarity , quality comedic writing and performances , and excellent direction.With Season Two , it seems their necks were on the line , and , as happens to so many great shows threatened with cancellation , they went with a more formulaic aproach . They did n't take the chances they took during Season One . The switch to color seems gaudy to me , and distracts from the humor so rampant in Season One .
 One of the BEST TV Shows of that time!Was glad to see it offered for sale , cantwait to get the season 2
 I bought this for my husband to be for Christmas . He grew up with the F Troop and wanted this . He loves it . I am very happy with my purchase . Great entertainment and it is CHILD SAFE comedy .
 Although I was born the year after the first season came out , I was lucky enough as a kid to watch re-runs of many of the shows of the 60 's . Among my two all time favourite programmes were Get Smart and F-Troop . Now that they are both available , finally -LRB- ! -RRB- , on DVD , I am in heaven . Both were slapstick comedies of the highest order . Nothing you need to shield your kids from , just plain funny and entertaining . I loved them then and I love them now , and look forward to entertaining my kids with them too . If you are in need of a wonderful and entertaining time to lift your spirits , then this is the show for you . Like some of your other reviewers , I am eagerly looking forward to season two coming out too ...
 Thank goodness someone had the sense to transcribe this immortal series to DVD . One of the very best comedy shows to come from the US .
 Enjoyed the craziness . All the actors were excellent in their character portrayals.Truely a welcomed break from the more `` modern '' brands of so-called humor.Those that have passedon , left a very special legacy.Hopefully , season 2 will soon be available to collectors.Long live the `` old man '' . . !!!
 This very light comedy series , based largely on slapstick and silly dialogue , has its fans , of course , and we can be grateful that it is here presented in a nearly flawless DVD . But watch out
 F-Troop was n't a great television show in history of TV . It was a version Sgt Bilko of the West . It was simple family fare that was fun . This is show from the 1960s does date itselfCharacter actors Ken Berry , Larry Storch , James Hampton and Forest Tucker star and make the sappy satire western enjoyable to watch.Tucker is no Bilko , but he is fun to watch . Berry is cute as the pratfalling Captain . and Larry Storch is a comedy whirlwind talent whatever he does.These 34 episodes , presentated in glorious black & white , has no extras or commentaries . However , the episodes are worth its weight in funBennet Pomerantz , AUDIOWORLD
 I saw the entire first season DVD while I was on vacation . I am 40 , and remember the reruns as a kid . I had n't seen them in at least 25 years . I understand and appreciate them even more , now . With this unwatchable garbage on TV , like reality this , reality that , Dancing with the Stars , Eating with the Stars , Jogging with the Stars , Dieting with the Stars , etc , this is a breath of fresh air . They sure do n't make comedies like this anymore . Thank God for DVDs .
 One of the all-time original funny shows that an entire family can enjoy and not be shocked about !! So glad that it came out so that I can enjoy what I saw as a child !!
 I actually went to school with Pruitt . I love this movie . Quirky and kind of strange but still an awesome movie . It shows that people CAN be caring on this earth , even though these days it does n't seem like it . I 'd love to see Pruitt do more movies like this . He really is a good actor !
 The video itself was terrific . It was a movie a saw years ago and had been in search of for a while . I decided to just get it through Amazon and quit my searching . It is different with a Thai and English version , especially coming from Canada where everything is French and English . But everything was just fine .
 This an incredible movie . EPIC . Spellbinding , stunning , so poignant and moving . A must see for all . There are so many different facets to this film that I would n't think anyone could watch it just once . Hard to believe this is the same `` honey bunny '' guy from pulp fiction .
 This is a beautiful Movie . An all-time favorite . I have seen it 5 or 6 times and am as spellbound as the first time . It is the only film I know of that is a perfect fit for children and adults alike . The language is a little rough at times but the story is so compelling , we handled that just fine . The music inspired my children to learn new and challenging piano pieces . Do n't miss this one !
 This is a great movie if you like Tim Roth and quirky little movies . I am just trying to stop the nagging about doing a review .
 This film has been a favorite of mine since the 1st time I saw it . Over the years , at some time or another , it would play on one of the hundreds of TV stations I get on my satellite service and we would ALWAYS stop and watch it , to the end ... it 's so compelling . You have a real affinity for this man , -LRB- played by Tim Roth -RRB- who was born on the ship to an immigrant mother but left behind to be raised by the crew ... and then never having any reason to leave the ship he did n't ! Turns out he was quite the prodigy on the piano and played his own wonderful music with -LRB- and without regard to -RRB- the in-house bands ! The additional cast is just as awesome as his friends who accept him just the way he is . I do n't think movie viewers have a complete and rounded out experience until they have seen this movie !! Do you have 100 stars that I can click on ? : -RRB- The Legend of 1900
 I saw this film six times when it played in IMAX theaters about seven years ago , often taking friends who had not seen it . Since then I have been annually pestering the people at Extreme as to when a DVD might be available . This year 's email turned up gold ; it 's out!I think this film is utterly extraordinary . To me it 's actually a serene meditation on art , beauty , elegance , and the human spirit . I 'd been hoping for a DVD release because I periodically felt a need for an Extreme `` fix '' ; and it simply has not been available at regional IMAX theaters anymore . I would love to see it occasionally when I need reassurance as to what is worthwhile in the human spirit!The previously released soundtrack is also one of my favorite albums . And the pairing of that music to the film is unbelievably inspired , For example , Morsheeba 's `` The Sea '' is played during a snow/mountain episode , not during the surfing -- and it works so PERFECTLY ! Whoever coordinated the soundtrack is a genius imho ! It 's right up there with `` The Good , the Bad , and the Ugly '' and just a handful of other movies as having perfect soundtracks -LRB- again
 I saw this film six times when it played in IMAX theaters about seven years ago , often taking friends who had not seen it . Since then I have been annually pestering the people at Extreme as to when a DVD might be available . This year 's email turned up gold ; it 's out!I think this film is utterly extraordinary . To me it 's actually a serene meditation on art , beauty , elegance , and the human spirit . I 'd been hoping for a DVD release because I periodically felt a need for an Extreme `` fix '' ; and it simply has not been available at regional IMAX theaters anymore . I would love to see it occasionally when I need reassurance as to what is worthwhile in the human spirit!The previously released soundtrack is also one of my favorite albums . And the pairing of that music to the film is unbelievably inspired , For example , Morsheeba 's `` The Sea '' is played during a snow/mountain episode , not during the surfing -- and it works so PERFECTLY ! Whoever coordinated the soundtrack is a genius imho ! It 's right up there with `` The Good , the Bad , and the Ugly '' and just a handful of other movies as having perfect soundtracks -LRB- again
 Excellent cinimatography and some really well chosen locations for this film . Music is good too . Very hard to find though.One of the best Imax films ever !
 Great photography , fascinating film but rather short . Looked fantastic on a 63 '' Samsung plasma . Scenes of windsurfers were really awesome .
 I recently upgraded to a blu-ray player and then the decision was what would be the first discs that I would want to be the start of the new library . This movie was one of the first things that came to my mind because the photography and action is truly amazing . Something I will definitely watch many times . If you love the outdoors and incredible settings , buy this disc !
 I bought `` Extreme blu-ray '' to see full HD details and for the excitement of watching giant wave surfing . I am fully satisfied for both . This is a nice work , especially when you consider how hard the filming these scenes are . But the results are amazing.I agree that the main feature could have been longer . I still rate this work 5 stars .
 I always enjoy IMAX movies , and this one is excellent especially with a home theater surround sound system . It 's something which is good fun for both adults and children .
 Great IMAX movie for fans of the genre!I waited for YEARS after seeing this for the first time -LRB- and multiple times thereafter -RRB- ! Contacted the makers of it and finally received word that this was out on Blu Ray.Viewing on a 120 '' projection screen with 1080p projector and great sound system ... WOW !!!! Clarity , sound , cinematography are terrific!This is a MUST have for any IMAX fans or folks desiring to show off BIG SCREEN capabilities!HIGHLY RECOMMENDED !
 Extremely beautiful dvd with stunning places and highly risk sports with performances that will take the limits of the possible to a whole new level!For all ages ; perfect to enjoy an evening with all the family gathered.Buy in Amazon.comn , i always get the best service for less money!Extreme
 This is an excellent extreme sports blu-ray . Surfing , rock-climbing , and snoboarding/skiiing ... . it is incredible footage . Highly recommend it to all .
 This is a film you can watch over and over again . Amazing imagines . Color is not great however . I know it was filmed some years ago so it seems a bit out of date to what we 've become used to now . If they could make the color more vivid , this would be an outstanding film .
 If you like documentaries , it 's well worth a look . I am sure it was unbelievable in I-Max . Still pretty awesome in HD w/surround .
 Biggest waves I 've seen other than some of the tow-in surfing that Laird has done at various places across the globe . The climbing scenes are also great . Totally enjoyed watching this and totally amazed at the size of the waves at Waimea Bay - I think 1999 . Great diversion from the pain as I 'm riding my bike on the trainer in front of the TV.Buy it ! You will never regret it . I think I 've shown it at least five times during the first week I had it .
 The photography on this video is absolutely beautiful . The personal testimonials are interesting , too . I really enjoyed it .
 Yes , as someone else mentioned it is a short documentary . However it is well made , the color is more than acceptable , sound is ok . This movie is a tribute to those that decide to challenge the elements while surfing , climbing , skiing having fun while doing it and actually showing respect as well .
 It has the episode Angel on it w/David Boreanaz ... what eles do you want
 This tape made by viagrafix offers a fast good 75 minutes introduction to Power point 97 . ISBN 41893 03013 . It has five chapters , with gradual increased difficulty . The first offer general information and discuss toolbar . The second explains at length using the outline view to enter data . The third deals with modifying and changing charts , legend , background , and table . The fourth how to create speaker notes , and print handout . The final , fifth successfully explains the use of transition effect and using the pen option.I found this videotape very useful and informative , and clearly helped me to present excellent small group lectures . I recommend it to every power point user .
 Join wacky Ian Wright in Mongolia -LRB- not your average tourist destination -RRB- . Ian begins in Bejing and travels by train to Ulaan Baatar , Mongolia -LRB- the capitol and also referred to as UB -RRB- . Ian experienes what UB is like now , after the pull out of the Soviet Union . He then travels to Karakorum where Ghengis Khan ruled in the 13th century . Somewher out on the plains , Ian experiences Mongolian throat singing and he eats Marmot -LRB- still known to carry the Bubonic plague -RRB- . From there , Ian heads for the Gobi desert and then hops a plane back to UB . An amazing journey.Also note that the VHS tapes of Lonely Planet episodes contain a couple more minutes of footage than the episodes that air on television .
 Iam Wright who does many of the Lonely Planet series is an entertaining and funny guy . I would have liked to see more of Mongolia , the life in the city . In this video , they went out of their way to go to the remote spots where there were nomads , kazakhs , marmot hunter and the gobi desert.Maybe they could have spent some time in UB -LRB- Ulan Baator -RRB- and interviewed some Russians , Chinese and Kazahks -LRB- the three major minorities in Mongolia -LRB- as well as Mongolians.Otherwise it was pretty good but the LP series are only one hour long , never long enough for me.Jonny boy
 A British guy named Ian goes on a trip sampling various aspects of Mongolia . I had read about Mongolia and factually knew various things . With all the change you wonder how accurate what you you read is with the current reality . What 's good is the movie does n't just stroll past some monuments and a few wrestlers at Naadam , but even the plug in the sink in the bathroom on a train . The shooting AND EATING by Ian of the marmot was absolutely shocking . He trades currency in a dumpy area that looks worse than a flea market . The UB Post woman brought an element of sanity to the whole scene . You think , she 's been living there -LRB- a year -RRB- , it ca n't be all that bad . Ian keeps a sense of humor , which really helps the otherwise stark scenery . I mean the ever whispy clouds in the sky and rolling hillside look great if you were just plopped down there , but you almost get tired imagining the mudholes or obstacles encountered just to get there -- way out there . As a cyclist I liked the bike touring couple interviewed briefly . Seeing the real drivers and the reality shots was really what I wanted to see . Actually what I mean is who wants to see just the government buildings and maybe Naadam . That does not really reveal much -- some , but the reality shots . Having not been there , they could go further , like walk in a market and see what they 're selling , like especially food and clothing . I mean , what is available . How much Western goods are actually available to Mongolians , or that even some can afford ? If you 're interested in modern UB , it 's an entertaining shot of reality .
 I live in the UK so I decided to order it a couple months ago from movietyme for 15 -LRB- about $ 25 -RRB- So , I got an e-mail on April 4th , stating that it had already shipped . I was a bit shocked and lo-and-behold it arrived today , April 14th . Five days before the US and I payed not a penny P&P. ; Like season 5 , it 's a 3 disc set , 8 episodes on each disc and is in one 3-disc viva multi-pack case . You get a small leaflet outlining the episodes and that 's pretty much it.The episodes here are all great , and it 's nice to watch some new ones for a change , rather than re-playing the first five seasons over and over . I also noticed that it 's region free , which is quite peculiar . I managed to play it on my laptop , and region B blu-ray players fine , and the same with Season 5 . And it 's not a fake.Anyway , 10/10 for the show as usual , it 's nice to finally have the complete collection after waiting 6 years ! About a year after Season 4 came out , and there was still no announcement of a fifth season I had given up , so this is like a dream come true for me ! Picture quality is n't exactly great , but then again the show was filmed that way . Definitely recommended and a must buy !
 Im very excited that season 5 will be released on May 11th , all Fresh prince fans need to go buy it so they will have to release the sixth season so we can finish our collection . Season 6 had some great hilarious episodes like Not I Barbeque and I clownius and especially the last two episodes which were very emotional and a great end to the series . Come on Warner give the fans what they want . Season 6 as well , and it needs to be announced soon after 5 is released to capatilize on the momentum that the release of season 5 will generate from the people who have been waiting years !!!
 We finally have a release date this is a very funny season buy this to complete your collection ! released APRIL 19th .
 After buying all the other seasons , I 'm so happy to finally have the sixth season to add to it . A wonderful past/present favorite of mine of a tv show I grew up on , I cant get enough of Fresh Prince !
 I ordered all of the seasons for my husband as a Christmas present . We have absolutely no complaints . Love the series !
 this is fresh prince , what else can you say , this is the best show ever that 's ever happened . .
 I bought this for my son who loves watching the Fresh Prince if Belaire . He has the previous seasons and this was a perfect addition for his collection .
 bought ithis for my son-n-law for Christmas , came to my house in record time its the one he needed to complete his set
 What a unique item ! This DVD set is great for fans of the Fresh Prince of Bel Air . We loved watching them !
 Item matches description exactly . It is also an amazing christmas present and I would definitely recommend this product to anyone .
 The best purchases are those that are not expendive and will get much use . Hearing my husband crack up is priceless .
 This product has a `` fresh '' price and shipped quickly . I live in Ontario and I travelled to the US border to pick up the order . The order was in manufactured plastic and as soon as I got home , I finally finished watching my favourite series come to an end . Overall , Great Product !!!
 i watch this show on tv and I loved it I laugh so much , sowhen it went on dvd I had to buy it . it 's good for all ages .
 I love The Fresh Prince ! It is a great TV show ! It is a bit old , not HD , but who cares ! It is amazing and the jokes are hilarious ! Too bad there 's no TV show like this anymore ! I was very young when this TV show was out so I did n't get to see it on television . For those who have never seen it , buy season 1 and you will see a completely different Will Smith , but you will understand why he later did some great movies and got quite rich !
 My oldest son is a heavy Fresh Prince fan , he has every single season and still cracks up like he 's seeing them for the first time .
 It was a gift for our Sunshine girl at the Mooseheart . I 'm sure that she loved it . It was delivered real fast and in new condition .
 What else can you say about the fresh prince of Bel-Air besides amazing will smith is young witty and outstanding in his performance on every episode ca n't stop watching this series and will never get tired of them . Great for all ages and all the family ca n't go wrong two thumbs up !!
 Okay , i received this item within 2 days of ordering it so that was a definite plus.thank you for great serviceI have had seasons 1-4 for the longest and have been dying to collect the other two so i purchased seasons 5 & 6 . I am an all time Fresh Prince fan and i am glad my collection is complete . I must say the later seasons are n't as funny as the first 4 but its THE FRESH PRINCE got ta love it !!!
 I love fresh prince . This brings back memories . Video quality is great . I actually bought 2 seasons already.It was great watching one of the many episodes andbglad to see that amazon offers episode purchase
 Im so happy with the product . It came in well and was it amazing condition . this is exactly what i wanted .
 Not only was this the last season of a great TV series , but it has a special meaning to our family . After spending all night in labor at the hospital we had the TV on because we could n't sleep -LRB- obviously -RRB- . My son was born at 9:26 am , just as the episode `` Viva Lost Wages '' was ending . At just the moment he was born , the cast was singing `` Happy Birthday '' to Carlton ! All of the nurses thought it was the coolest thing and said they had never seen anything like that happen before . I always say that Will Smith is my sons Uncle or his Godfather as a joke . I will never forget that moment , or that episode , so purchasing this season is a must for us !
 I hope season 6 is released ! I 've watched this since i was a little kid ! ~
 PLEASE BRING OUT THIS SEASON !!!! I LOVE FRESH PRINCE !!!! SEASON 5 TOOK LONG ENOUGH TO COME OUT DONT MAKE US WAIT FOR THE 6TH !!!!
 `` Sydney
 A great history / love story DVD in IMAX , I especially liked the Phil Jones special feature that teaches about the Didgeridoo and Australia.Also some cool folk stories about Emus andnew slant on how the world was created .
 Originally aired as a CBS miniseries , this Italian-British-American production features a subdued Burt Lancaster as a man struggling with the heavenly responsibility of liberator of the children of Israel.Backed by an international cast and a magnificent Ennio Morricone score , this is a rarity as a Biblical epic , one devoid of the big-budgeted special effects and over-the-top acting so characteristic of the genre . It tells one of the most important and essential stories of all time in a poignant and challenging way.A great film for fans of the actor and great storytelling , `` Moses '' transcends over all others .
 Let me say first -- U can get the complete miniseries of `` MOSES THE LAWGIVER '' . I playing it in my dvd player as I 'm writing this . I always wanted that and wondered how I could get that . They have it in Europe but not here in America . and the reason is , they have the miniseries in PAL format and the edited in america 's format . so I went ahead and order the edited one . and before it came , I found out that if you have the right dvd player u can play Europe movies . Then I went ahead and ordered a dvd player that plays both PAL and NTSC formats . Then ordered the miniseries from Amazon in Europe . AND IT 'S MUCH BETTER !!!!
 This is an extraordinary production in every respect . However , I 'm only giving it a 4 star rating because it 's an abridged version of the full 300 minute original . If you want to savor every heartfelt minute of the original 300 , consider buying Moses the Lawgiver for Regions 1 -LRB- US and Canada -RRB- and 4 -LRB- Central and South America -RRB- . This two DVD set plays on American DVD players and has English audio . At the present time , the Region 1 and 4 DVD is available through Amazon.com . You do n't have to make do with the abridged version , or pay out for a DVD player to play Region 2 -LRB- Europe -RRB- as one reviewer did . Stay closer to home and buy this one marketed for Latin America -LRB- with the original English audio -RRB- !
 The Ten Commandments starring Charlton Heston is an excellent movie but this lesser known movie about Moses starring Burt Lancaster is also good and he also was very good as Moses and I also liked the actor who played Moses 's brother Aaron . The Ten Commandments is more glossy and has a huge cast of well known popular Hollywood actors and this movie called Moses is more low-key and simple , just more down to earth and I think a lot of people prefer the more glossy version but I think the down to earth subdued filming and acting of Moses is part of it 's charm . I 'm happy that this movie is now finally on DVD but it 's only the edited version and I would like for the whole complete original mini series to be put on DVD in region 1 format but anyway I recommend that people Give this under rated , under appreciated movie about Moses a chance !
 What can I say about the Movie `` Moses '' Staring Burt Lancaster other than it does an excelent job of actually following the Book of Exodus in the Bible . THe directors try to keeep the charachter Moses to how he was potrayed in the Bible . Moses stutters so his brother speaks for him to Pharoah . The plagues and the parting of the Red Sea has such realism that you can picture the biblical descprition while viewing it . Mannafalls from the trees like bread from heaven.I reccommend this version of the story of the Exodus over any other due to its absolute parralelism with the Biblical Story .
 I am very happy with this DVD , I believe it told the story as close to the bible as possible , except for when Moses is dying at the end . It shows his grandson to be with him , and it does not say this in the bible .
 Though the 141 minute US edited version arrived first , to my delight in this case , since such actors as Burt Lancaster and Anthony Quayle had marvelous voices , this is NOT dubbed into Spanish -LRB- though I can get by in that language as well -RRB- but the original 300 minute miniseries in English and compatible with both regions 1 and 4 , meaning you do n't need to get any PAL system to play this puppy . Though the picture is limited to the tight , cube TV picture for which the miniseries was produced originally , the picture quality is really very excellent -- lovely . Thugh for those of us very familiar with the story of Moses as given in the Bible , we will recognize some liberties taken with the story though overall much of the essence is still there and very enjoyable if one is willing to give some allowances for the fact that this is a secular production and not made by those for whom every aspect of the story is literally sacred . Lancaster is truly magnificent and at the top of his artistic powers in tis production . Quayle ia marvelous as well andperhaps not one whit behind Lancaster in his role . The cast is quite excellent in general and the production value really quite exquisite . Though , if it was ever even filmed tis way , a letterbox version comes to mind , this was certainly intended for the small screen and such a reversal would likly destroy the director 's composition of shots just as a widescreen production placed in pan-and-scan does mischief to a widescreen composition . I believe we must recognize this and forget all dreams of a widescreen version which probably never existed or at least for which format it was likely not composed .
 This is a very good movies , I ` am glad i purchased it . the best acting i have seen in a long time . mnbrown49
 Kyoichi is still reeling from the breakup with Chiharu after he caught her kissing another guy , but he 's trying to make a comeback , whether he knows it or not . He begins to hang out more and more with Shoko , a wanna-be pop idol , who actually might have the talent to make the bigtime . Even though she seems like a tough girl , Kyoichi finds out that maybe her confidence is n't as great as what she projects outwardly . The two slowly find themselves slipping into a kind of relationship , but will it last ? Next , Makoto supposedly finds his soulmate by using a computer software program and gets the girl 's friend , the bespectacled cosplayer Yumi , to introduce him to the girl , named Erika . When it goes badly , Yumi sets out Pygmalion style to educate Makoto on how to act and talk around Erika to make a good impression . But is Yumi really spending time with Makoto to educate him , or because SHE likes him ? Things get a tad boy-lovish in the last episode as Kyoichi has a dogging loneliness that is keeping him awake at night and he can not for the life of him figure why he is feeling so alone . Could it be the loss of Chiharu , or is it something more cosmic ? He meets a handsome pretty boy named Takaya at the videostore where he works part-time and bonds with the guy because he too feels like something or someone is missing from his life . Even though Takaya is really handsome , he is trying to work up the courage to ask a classmate to go out with him . Even though Kyoichi is kinda lost at the moment , maybe he can find his way by encouraging Takaya.Boys Be is a real gem and one of the best shows out this year . Even though it is simply about human relationships , the episodes are like microcosms of the human heart and reveal great truths . Every character that appears in the show gives the air of having a complex past , or should I say , a REAL past with their own ambitions and motivations . The honesty of the writing is awesome . People do dumb things for love and sometimes you ca n't figure out who you really want . Kyoichi is n't stupid . Humans have to go through a trial and error process to figure out their desires sometimes . This is a classic show .
 Volume 3 of Boys Be ... contains 3 episodes , two of which are completely disposable and one of which is indispensable.Let 's get the lesser ones out of the way . The first episode on the disk features Kyochi , his broken heart , and his `` rebound '' relationship with a wannabe rock star named Shoko . Kyochi does n't come off at all well here , first kissing , and then standing up , Shoko ; yes , I know it 's because he ca n't get Chiharu off his mind , but ultimately it looked to me like Kyochi and Shoko had just severely wounded each other ; I just could n't see how any of this led to the `` insights '' we were supposed to conclude they had achieved.The other episode that I thought was a dud concerned Kyochi and a male friend from his art class/side job . The friend is a `` pretty boy '' and some of Kyochi 's friends -LRB- especially Makoto -RRB- infer that there is a gay relationship here , but really the guy is just too shy to approach the girl he adores . He finally does , when Kyochi advises him to -LRB- a classic case of not practicing what one preaches , of course ... -RRB- The episode has `` arty '' pretensions , but really there 's not that much there , except at the very end , where we behold one little ray of sunlight in Kyochi 's own situtation.The best episode , titled `` The Category of Happiness '' , finds Makoto deciding that he must be introduced to Erika , a friend of Yumi 's , and Yumi reluctantly consenting out of obligation -LRB- she broke Makoto 's computer . -RRB- When the first attempt at an introduction falls flat , Yumi agrees to `` train '' Makoto with a date - she says she 'll pretend to be `` Erika '' , and grade him accordingly . What transpires is possibly the funniest thing I 've ever seen in ANY genre , as the eccentricities of the comic relief of the girl 's side collide with the eccentricities of the comic relief of the boy 's side , and yet ... there is a VERY surprising conclusion to all this that is nevertheless somehow satisfying . All I can say is that I 'm filled with admiration that Yumi , a character that I was afraid was doomed to `` second banana '' status with her glasses , bad hairdo and odd outfits , becomes a major player -LRB- and there will be more of this in the succeeding disk . -RRB- On the strength of this episode alone , I 've got to give this volume 5 stars overall .
 The relationship once thought most likely to succeed hits the rocks , while the `` player '' Makoto finds a degree of success in a most unlikely place . Just another adventure in the course of this very smart , and very true to life story . It impresses me no end that there are no quick fixes or simple answers to these three guy 's problems ; hard lessons have to be learned and pain has to be experienced . I once commented that the storytelling was almost too subtle , but that is because of this story 's simple honesty . That makes this baby a keeper , and definitely one that I would recommend .
 If you like the tender 18yo feet , this is what you like . The gal in the video is fun , playful and hot . Lots of peeks at her goodies and some tasty foot play too . the camera pans over her cute body as it always goes back to her feet . Id kill to lick her pretty feet clean . The video is amateur , but looking at her feet is a joy . The video ends with her slowly painting her toenails . YUMMY !
 This is not the funniest , most interesting , or most well written comedy I have ever seen . It is n't going to win any prizes , and it is n't going to be a cult classic , or any sort of classic . If you are looking for complex characterization , or meaning beyond the movie 's obvious message , then you are going to be sorely disappointed by `` Dodgeball '' . But it is funny.Vince Vaughn plays Peter LeFleur , the owner of a gym called Average Joe 's , where the clientele is a regular troupe of misfits . Peter has to come up with 50K in order to save his gym from being bought out by Globo-Gym , run by Ben Stiller 's over the top work out guru , White Goodman . In order to raise the money to save the gym , LeFleur and his misfit friends enter a dodgeball tournament.Ben Stiller is stand out hilarious . The scene with the pizza slice is probably one of the funniest I have seen in any goofball movie in years . Everyone involved with this movie , however , does a great job.If you like slapstick toilet humor done right , this is the movie for you . If you are looking for `` intelligent '' comedy , role models , or morality , search elsewhere . Take this movie for what it is , and you will enjoy every silly moment of it .
 As ben stiller says staying for the credits is always a good thing . In this movie fat white goodman dances to `` My milkshake '' at the end of the credits !
 In its defense , you have to admit that `` Dodgeball
 Omg the Unsensored Dodgeball Dancers are Fricken -LCB- HOTT -RCB- I just bought this DVD and you need to get it also.This new Unrated DVD of Dodgeball is out of this world.The best DVD ever !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 Dodgeball is the best comedy i have seen this year ! I suppose it is really predictable but it is so funny ! When does it come out on DVD !!?!?!?!!?!?!
 With elements of parody culled from such sources as the movie , Hoosiers , G.I. Joe action figures and exercise equipment/nutrition infomercials , this is an absolute funny romp that is not just individual bits spliced together ; the plot moves sprightly past what was supposed to be the ending - the final game - to a much more satisfying conclusion of sudden-death overtime on the Dodgeball floor.Ben Stiller and Vince Vaughn are outstanding in their roles in this unique variation of good versus evil ; with the storyline focusing on the members of local gym versus the fitness mavens at a plush , state-of-the-art mega-center . And in the end , the play-by-play announcer says it all
 dodgeball is a good movie with even better actors . i think that dodgeball , after you see it a couple of times , tends to slow down . but with two comedic geniouses such as ben stiller and vince vaughn you ca n't go wrong . i think that most people will enjoy the movie mostly because of the fact that ben stiller and vince vaughn are in it . otherwise , the movie would be not that funny because of the story line .
 I watched this one last year and when it ended I thought it was one of the best comedies I 've seen on 2004 . I found it hilarious and very optimistic . Ben Stiller 's performance was amazingly funny . Vaughn 's performance was also understandable and quite hilarious , but not as much as Stiller 's . I wo n't tell you the plot of this one , I never do on any of my reviews about movies . I suggest if you like slight comedies than this one is perfect for you . I think this one is one of Stiller 's best films . I laughed all the way from begining to end . Go watch this one anytime you can . It 's fun .
 I personally like this movie . Very good , humorous movie for teenagers . I watched it with my family and my parents and sister hated it . They humor is only appreciated by certain people . I would relate this movie to certain humor in old school and Dude , Where 's my car . The movie really has no point , but if you are looking for a good movie to sit down to and get a good laugh , I recommend you take a good look at this movie.And for people who like a little bit of information on the plot , here you go : The movie starts off when Vince Vaughn and Ben Stiller have competing gymnasiums built right across the street from eachother . Vince doesnt pay his mortgage so the bank threatens to shut his gym down if he doesnt come up with $ 50,000 in a month . He almost gives up getting the money until one of the loyal gym patrons finds a magazine add advertising the American Dodgeball Association of America dodgeball tournament . -LRB- Yes , it is the adaa , not a typo . -RRB- The winning prize is $ 50,000 . I am going to skip the rest because if you like what you have read you will like the movie . The ending is quite unexpected as well , and is very good.Overall rating of the movie
 Dodgeball is a smarter anchorman . It has a more talented cast and a funnier storyline . While Anchorman was very funny -LRB- i own that too -RRB- Dodgeball was funnier . Anchorman took shots at the newscaster world . Dodgeball takes shots at the sporting world . Overall it proves that this is an underdog that can rise above big names and planes . -LRB- Beat the terminal in the box office -RRB-
 You find no subtlety here , and you should n't try to . Here is the a comedy with lots of ultimately crude , rude , unsophisticated gags . But I like ` Dodgeball ' because of that , and if you love kind of a comedy like ` There 's Something About Mary , ' this film is for you.Story ? It 's about a bunch of underdogs who need money very badly . So they join in the national dodgeball tournament in Las Vegas to get $ 50,000 . That 's it , and they form a ragtag team called ` Average Joes ' while another team attempt to crush them , called ` Purple Cobras . ` Vince Vaughn , cast against type , plays the reluctant leader of ` Joes ' and Ben Stiller plays the greedy gym owner named ` White Goodman . ' Add to them , Christine Taylor -LRB- Ben 's real-life wife -RRB- joins in the cast as the lawyer who is sexually harassed by Mr. Goodman . Is there any depth , subtle touch , or social message ? But should there be any ? -LSB- SLAPSTICKS AND CAMEOS -RSB- Rip Torn 's funny dodgeball coach says , ` If you can dodge a wrench , you can dodge a ball . ' Right ? In fact , red rubber balls fly around and hit the characters in the face . The traditional slapstick comedy like pie-throwing is done in another style , with more energy and vitality , with lots of raucous humor . Dirty languages abound , and the gags are often very sexual . Plus , you see many cameos -- William Shatner , Chuck Norris , Hank Azaria , David Hasselhoff -LRB- as German coach -RRB- , and Lance Armstrong -- all of them adding more unexpected humor to the film.I do n't say this is the best comedy of the decade , but it is true I enjoyed watching the film very much . Silly , to be sure , but sometimes , just sometimes , absolute silliness with unstoppable energy produces a hilarious comedy like this . And as far as the box office figure goes , which exceeded $ 110,000,000 in USA alone , many people seem to have felt the same way as I do .
 Revenge is sweet , espeacially when your a nerd . This movie is a grace to all dorks everywhere , showing that , yes , nerds can get somewhere in life . I love the jokes , the puns , and just about everything in between . Highly recommend it to people who are nerds and like to laugh and are afraid of dodgeball .
 This is one outrageous comedy about the underdog winning against top dog . Plenty of celebrity cameos abound in this hilarious movie about one man 's vision to save his gym by winning a major dodgeball tournament . I watched this while visiting a family 's cottage and laughed so hard with the kids in the living room . Vince Vaughn is awesome and I pick him over Brad Pitt any day . He is way more interesting and uniquely appealing . He can act better too since he does n't rely on pretty boy looks .
 You have to ask yourself . Do you feel lucky punk ? Well do ya ? Sure there are lots of cliches and puns but it is still a great deal of fun . Even the names are a joke . Ben Stiller plays White Goodman to the hilt . He 's an obnoxious muscle man that has inflatable pants . Once he was fat now he will denounce anyone that is not working out at his World gym . He has his crew go after Vince Vaughn , as Peter Lefleur , and the Average Joe 's customers . All a little odd themselves with a pirate in the group.Where else could you go to see nerds and other oddballs totally obliterated with large rubber balls ? Fans of movies like `` Zoolander '' , `` The Waterboy '' , and `` Shallow Hal '' should love it . When Average Joe 's gym is on the verge of takeover by Stiller 's worldwide gyms , the little guys try to figure a way out . When a magazine ad indicates a dodgeball competition pays fifty thousand to the winners , they figure they have a good chance . But then White and his Purple Vipers show up to pump up , be obnoxious , and win . You will laugh yourself silly watching Rip Torn as Patches O'Houlihan coaching Peter and the rest the Average Joe 's for the match .
 This was just a positive experience dealing with the seller . Could n't have asked for more !
 You 've got to hand it to Vince Vaughn . No matter what this guy has been in , especially as of late , he steals just about every scene he 's in . From Starsky & Hutch , to Old School , to Swingers , to Made , and even his small role in Anchorman , Vaughn has a straight laced , comedic style that is a laugh riot . Vaughn plays a down on his luck , small time gym owner who is about to lose his business to a dim-witted fitness mogul -LRB- Ben Stiller , perfectly and stupidly sleazy -RRB- unless he can cough up 50 thousand dollars . Vaughn , along with a rag tag band of losers and friends -LRB- including Alan Tudyk , Stephen Root , and Justin Long among others -RRB- enter a dodgeball tournament to win the cash , with Stiller opposing them . The outcome is predictable , but thanks to the quick direction of Rawson Marshall Thurber , and the zany performances from Vaughn and Stiller , Dodgeball turns out to be a mainstream crowd pleasing comedy that 's actually pretty funny . Also featuring Stiller 's hot off screen wife -LRB- Christine Taylor -RRB- , Rip Torn as the team 's mentor , and hilarious cameos from Lance Armstrong , David Hasselhoff , Chuck Norris , William Shatner , and Hank Azaria which keep the laughs coming .
 This movie is not without flaws , but I 've never laughed harder before almost to the point of not being able to breathe and Ben Stiller 's performance as a gym mogul is the best I have seen yet of Ben Stiller . This is truly his best performance yet.The plot is pretty simple and straight forward . I was very pleased to see in the cast of characters , for they are real characters , some alumni from the movie , Office Space , another film about regular folks trying to forge a way through life . The supporting actors were superb , except for one exception . I did n't like Vince Vaughn 's performance in this movie , which consisted more of giving `` pep-talk '' lines rather than acting . He appeared more to me as a slick businesssman than a `` regular Joe , '' trying to keep his gym afloat . He 's also too much of a pretty boy to play the `` average Joe '' role ... Nevertheless , Ben Stiller and the rest of the supporting cast are hilarious and their performances are superb . For a good laugh , do n't miss this one . * N.B. * This movie is meant to be goofy and should n't be taken in any manner seriously .
 I picked up ` Dodgeball ' based on the recommnedations of some friends , but my expectations were rather low . Fortunately , this movie exceeded my expectations and was a funny and enjoyable movie.The Story
 Dodgeball is a classic , B-comedy , buddy love , misfits movie with a big heart and that heart - mostly - in the right place.Stiller is hilarious here , but needs to start diversifying and moving away from the one dimensional dumb guy role he 's been taking on of late - we 've seen this character already and barely altered from Zoolander and Starsky.That said , there is a lot of fun in Dodgeball.Be sure to watch the `` alternate '' ending - with the director 's comments . In it we discover twenty something director Rawson Marshall Thurber 's vision for the movie which is pretty hard to believe . But he believed in his artistic vision so strongly that he quit the film , walked off the set and had to be brought coaxed back a week -LRB- or weeks -RRB- later by Stiller and Vaughan to complete the movie . The proposed -LRB- and originally filmed -RRB- ending is a ridiculous statement and would have killed the movie -LRB- test audiences absolutely hated the proposed ending -RRB- . Watch it and ... have a ball !
 When I first saw Dodgeball in theaters , I loved it . But I knew there would be a double-dip DVD . You know , they release a DVD , and a few months later , they release a better DVD . So looks like I 'll be reviewing the brand new DVD!The story consists of two gyms . The first one is the Globo gym , a giant gym owned by White Goodman -LSB- played marvously by Ben Stiller . -RSB- And the other is the Average Joe 's gym , owned by Peter , and the people who go there are n't normal . Peter . being in debt , discovers if he does n't pay $ 50,000 , he will lose the gym and White will take over it . After reading about a $ 50,000 dollar prize dodgeball competion in Las Vegas , he tries to master dodgeball.If you are looking for a story with great plot and character development , look elsewhere . But if you love a great , funny comedy , see Dodgeball!This new Unrated DVD is packed with great bonuses . An audio commentary , featurettes , deleted scenes w / optional commentary , an alternate ending -LSB- which sucks -RSB- , bloopers , and more . A must have.PS
 OK ... so Dodgeball relies on alot of formula tricks ... ball to the groin , stupified underdogs ... you name it . But this is a downright funny film that can hold it 's own and make you laugh.Essentially , a group of slacking underdogs is going up against the big corporate machine ... and the battlefield is a dodgeball court . But the quality casting -LRB- Stephen Root proves he can handle any script thrown at him and has an extremely memorable role in this film -RRB- and smart directing -LRB- The film NEVER takes itself too seriously or tries too hard for the laughs -RRB- make this a worthwhile flick.Terrific gift for most anyone .
 Okay , so it 's not the most intelligent comedy but it is a comedy and a good one at that . Not every movie is supposed to make you think and laugh at the same time . Some movies are just supposed to be funny -LRB- especially if starring Ben Stiller -RRB- . Dodgeball fulfilled this request and I 'm so glad to see Vince Vaughn doing something . He 's such a great comedian with his dry subtle wit and really plays off of Stiller 's over-the-top-ness well . Was JErry Stiller in this movie ? I do n't remember but let 's just assume that he was . Anyway , it was a great predictable movie and I thought the cameo with Lance Armstrong was the best scene -LRB- `` What are you dying of ? '' `` Right now . Shame mostly '' -RRB- This movie goes great with `` Starksy and Hutch '' in which the roles are switched and Vaughn plays the baddie and Stiller is back to his `` Royal Tennebaums '' neurotic control freak character.And yes , Ben Stiller has played this character he plays in `` Dodgeball '' before in a movie called `` Heavyweights '' . I would also recommend watching that .
 i missed this sleeper comedy in the theater , but picked it up on a whim on DVD and let me say , it is a well crafted , fun , hilarious movie ! Vince Vaughan is my hero and ca n't wait for Wedding Crashers ! Anyhow , if you love dark humor movies like Napoleon Dynamite and Dumb & Dumber , you will love this one !
 The `` bunch of losers rallied into a champion team '' story is one of the oldest in Hollywood , and this year 's incarnation of the evergreen sub-genre is one of the best . It relies on something extremely simple
 The more I see of Dodgeball , the more I realize that this movie is the cream of the crop when talking about the Frat Pack movies -LRB- ie . Anchorman , 40-Year-Old Virgin , Meet the Parents , Starsky and Hutch , Wedding Crashers , etc. -RRB- Unlike The Wedding Crashers and Anchorman , there is not one minute of downtime in this movie , as it is a laugh a minute . From the classic wrench scene to the Lance Armstrong cameo to simply the name of the TV channel carrying the tournament , this is the funniest movie of this generation , and one that rivals `` Animal House '' and `` Spinal Tap '' for best ever .
 For me , this film to a little while to warm up to . I like films like this , but it really had a slow beginning . But after the first fifteen minutes , it really picks up and is very entertaining . The jokes are funny and what I like most about the film is all the people in it and who make the cameos . William Shatner , Chuck Norris , and even Alan Tudyk who played Wash on Firefly , one of my favorite TV series , is in this film . Overall , I ended up liking this better than I thought I would have judging from the beginning of the film .
 `` If you can dodge a wrench , you can dodge a ball ! '' -- that 's a great line ! And this is a very funny film . Ben Stiller is perfect in this one -- his unique style of comedy was perfect for the role -LRB- I love when the camera comes up to him near the beginning during his commercial , and he turns and says `` Oh , hi ! '' -RRB- . Vince Vaughn and the rest of the cast are also teriffic here . It 's a little crude , a little ... violent actually -LRB- ! -RRB- , but it 's very funny . One of the funnier films I 've seen recently .
 Ben Stiller plays White Goodman , a pompous gym owner who tries to take over `` Average Joe 's Gym '' , currently owned by Peter LaFleur -LRB- Vince Vaughn -RRB- . The crew at Average Joe 's are tight-knit and decide to enter a dodgeball tournament in order to win the $ 50,000.00 grand prize that will enable Peter to keep the gym open . Patches O'Houlihan then comes along to train the group of hopeless misfits for the tournament.The best character , of course , is Stiller 's White Goodman character . Stiller really nails the role of someone whose ineptitude and artificiality will crack you up . You will love to hate White Goodman.Vince Vaughn plays off Ben Stiller extremely well , as usual . These two make a hell of a comic duo and I hope to see more from them in the future.This movie is pretty hilarious and I would certainly recommend it to any Ben Stiller or Vince Vaughn fans . Comedy fans in general will enjoy this film .
 If you take one of the funniest `` sports '' movies from recent years -- `` Cool Runnings '' about the Jamaican bobsled team -- and mix it with the one liners from `` Airplane '' and throw in the inappropriate sexual references from any fraternity movie , you 've got `` Dodgeball '' , a sort of `` Putney Swope '' of sports movies.This movie is creative , predictable , obvious , profane , tasteless ... and is one of the funniest movies of 2004 or any other year . It is a laugh riot where acting , situations , one liners and a nincompoop plot all merge to create a comedy that 's more entertaining than most movies.The one liners come often and are usually laden with sexual conntent . `` Useless as a lollipop that tastes like a -LRB- male genitalia -RRB- '' is a line from one actor . Another , recounting the miracles he 's seen in life , says , `` I 've even seen a grown man satisfy a camel . `` Ben Stiller is protagonist to Vince Vaughn 's antagonist in this flick about competing health clubs , good guys and bad guys . Stiller is more in character throughout this movie than anytime I 've ever seen him , while Vaughn plays himself . David Hasselhoff , Chuck Norris , William Shatner and Lance Armstrong all play small roles parodying themselves along the way.The title action plays the deciding role in whether the good guy or bad guy will prevail , although everyone knows from the beginning who 's going to come out on top . Another one liner about the dodgeball competition is that it is broadcast nationwide on `` ESPN 8 , the Ocho '' , a comic parody of ESPN2 , which is known in the industry as `` the deuce . `` While there is no denying this is one of the funniest films of recent years , you are warned not to share this video with your kids unless you want to incur the wrath of your wife or answer question all night like , `` Daddy , what 's a dyke ? '' The sexual content in this profane film is heavy and consistent . It never relents and takes a new twist at the very end.But it 's still a funny movie and more entertaining than 90 percent of the movies out there . Enjoy it all you want but beware its juvenile sexual content .
 The Bottom Line : A sly satire of the feel-good sports movie posing as a feel-good sports movie , Dodgeball suffers from a phoned-in performance by Vince Vaughn but otherwise features a number of engaging comic actors and scenes -- not a great film , but certainly an amusing one .
 Pretty much the same review as the others befor it , with one other detail . At the very end , the treasure chest with the 5 million in it has the words `` Deus Ex Machina '' inscribed above the lock . If you don ; t know what that means , look it up in a dictionary or dictionary.com . just a funny tidbit .
 My 10 year loves this movie . Funny for both kids and parents . Recommended .
 This movie goes Balls Deep in all facets . It is the quintessential story of `` geeks '' vs. the popular jerks . True it is a completely crude representation of that , but it still had me laughing throughout the entire movie . I loved Rip Torn 's character -- Patches O'Houlahan , when you see Hank Azaria as him early in the movie it made me remember a time when all they did was show those bad movies in gym class . I loved all of the completely off-humor references to drinking urine , stains in your pants etc. . This movie is one that I can pop in every so often and watch .
 When i first saw this i thought it would be so stupid but it was actually dripping with funny moments that made my day . This movie will keep you laughing for ever . The basic story line is that they need to get 50 thousand dollars to save there buisness and the only way to do that is to play in a dodge ball tournament that they have no chance at winning until a formal softball player joins in and takes the team all the way . Great movie highly recommended
 First of all , if you are considering the widescreen version of this film ... do n't . Second , this is one of the funniest movies I have ever seen . I ca n't stop watching it . When it came out in theatres , I thought `` A movie about Dodgeball ? How stupid is that ? '' I was very wrong.If you like Ben Stiller -LRB- which I do -RRB- I do n't have to say anything . He is extremely funny and plays his role perfectly.To me ; however , Vince Vaughn steals the show . I do n't know exactly what it is , but I could swear that he ad-libs half of his lines . The character is almost `` too real '' . The supporting cast -LRB- especially the lovely Christine Taylor -RRB- is absolutely perfect . I am not going to babble on about how great the movie is because a long review is boring . I will simply say that when I watch this movie , I feel like I am `` in it . '' By the way ... the cameo appearances are priceless . Ben Stiller seems to be able to talk anyone into doing anything .
 Vince Vaughn -LRB- Old School -RRB- and Ben Stiller -LRB- There 's Something About Mary -RRB- have fun here in Dodgeball . I always loved playing it as a kid in gym class and have wished it was a real sport because it 's the funnest . However this movie has fun making fun of it and shows how easy it is to make fun of it . Besides Stiller and Vaughn having fun in there roles . Rip Torn is great as the manager of Vaugn 's team . He has a few screws loose and tells the players if they can dodge a wrench or...on-going traffic they can dodge a dodgeball . . lol . Jason Bateman -LRB- Arrested Development -RRB- also has fun as a dorky commentator . Chuck Norris and David Hasslehoff `` or however u spell it '' also show up in funny cameos . Anyway this movie is full of funny lines and interesting unusual characters and it 's hard not to be entertained by it .
 If you enjoyed the movie Old School , then you will definitely enjoy Dodgeball . Really funny movie that I saw three times in two weeks .
 dodgeball is the best movie of all time -LRB- closely followed by billy madison -RRB- because of the hilarious jokes by rip torn -LRB- the guy who plays patches -RRB- for example
 Dodgeball
 Where you one of the kids in high school who hated dodgeball or loved it ? Well , it wont matter , you will be laughing your * dodgeballs * off . You will also be chearing for the `` average joes '' . Average Joes is a small corner gym run by nice guy Vince Vaughn . When a big chain gym tries to buy them out , Joe and his regulars join the national dodgeball tournement to win the prize money . And Hilarity insues.You should be laughing all through the movie , either in remembrance or in your own little revenge . Add this DVD to you collection ! from thebijou.net movie reviews by a fan , not a critic !
 It was ok , but not perfect . Kinda corny , but hey still a must watch!Pros : FunnyGood actingCons : Corny
 I bought this for my son for Christmas , and he loves this movie and wanted to add to his collection .
 Dodgeball is a fun and entertaining film that pits two business associates against each other in a battle for respect and survival . Ben Stiller is the egocentric , cocky White Goodman and Vince Vaughan plays his rival , Peter . Both men own physical health centers , but Peter 's is in financial trouble and needs a way to make a large sum of money quickly . Peter and his employees decide to enter a dodgeball tournament in Las Vegas with the hope of winning the championship and the necessary money to stay in business . Goodman hears about this and he enters his own team to challenge them.The formula and plot for this movie may seem a little hokey at first . But the movie works for several reasons . First of all , there is the fine cast of characters and diversity of personalities . Vaughn 's character is soft spoken and friendly , but also non - expressive and basically an underachiever - the mirror opposite of the arrogant character played by Ben Stiller . Rip Torn is also excellent as the coach for Vaughn 's team . His character , Peaches O'Houlihan , is confined to a wheelchair but he does n't let this stop him from doing what he does best
 It 's the ultimate dodgeball tornament for Ben Stiller and Vince Vaughn in the hilarious rockin shockin comedy `` Dodgeball
 After Ben Stiller 's tepid turn in the Starsky and Hutch tribute , I was hungry for a new opportunity to watch him do his thing . That opportunity came in the form of the movie Dodgeball . Here Stiller re-teams with Starsky and Hutch bad-guy Vince Vaughan , and they switch roles
 Sports movies usually bore me . I 'm not much into sports , and I remember `` Any Given Sunday '' seemed to go on longer than the entire football season . Anywho , sport movies seem to work better as comedies . `` Caddyshack '' and `` Happy Gilmore '' made golf actually look interesting and fun . `` The Bad News Bears '' and `` Mr. 3000 '' made baseball fun . Even `` Field of Dreams '' made the sport seem spiritual as a movie . This particular film is funny . Great comic performances from all the cast . The film breezes through nicely . There 's even a couple of romances . Some good plot twists and fun , fun , fun . Now imagine if t he boys from South Park would have helmed this project ...
 I am a huge fan of Ben Stiller 's . Indeed , I proudly say that `` Zoolander '' is one of my all-time favorite movies , despite the criticism the title brings with it . So when I rented `` Dodgeball , '' I was hoping that it would be another great feat on Stiller 's part . `` Dodgeball '' was entertaining , to say the least . Stiller plays an evil commercial-gym owner whose goal is to purchase the Average-Joe gym across the street . However , Vince Vaughn 's character will have none of it , despite his $ 50,000 debt.Enter solution
 This movie is so funny . We watched it on a plane ride coming from California and we laughed so hard people turned around to look at us . The humor is infantile , but take it for what it is and you will laugh your -LRB- ... -RRB- off .
 this is a funny movie . Not recommended for kids under 13 . Has a few crude humor scenes if your kids are not used to that enviroment .
 I really did n't know what to expect when I watched this movie , but I certainly did n't expect to be laughing so hard that my stomach hurt ! Ben Stiller truly inherited some comic chops from his comedian dad Jerry Stiller , and it shows in this movie . He is unequivocably funny every time he 's on screen . Vince Vaughn , with his less flamboyant and more deadpan style of humor , is just as funny as the leader of the opposing team . And what a silly premise - dodgeball ! It 's the game you have n't thought about since you were 10 years old , and to think there 's a movie about it that is actually VERY FUNNY . Enjoy this silly movie that is very , very entertaining .
 I am glad that once in a year a person can see a good comedy where people try to achieve something to save themselves from downfall.Ben Stiller is pretty awesome and rough in his character . I would have preferred more effects when contestants are hit by the ball.Neverthless outstanding ` unique ' comedy - belongs with Get Shorty , Borat , and Dumb and Dumber .
 It 's a funny concept to begin with , and Stiller is hilarious . Then you throw in Rip Torn -LRB- probably the best film Judas , among his many credits over the years -RRB- , and these cameos that are out of control -LRB- Shatner , Armstrong , Norris -RRB- and you 've got a comic classic .
 I saw This movie and I liked it . So When The PSP version comes out , I will be first to get it . I 've heard that some psp movies are very dark even when the brightness setting is all the way up . I hope this movie looks just like the one on dvd . pick it up when it comes out !!!!!!
 Dodgeball ... I remember it well , back from my grade school days ... always aim for the face ... or the ` nads ... and now there 's actually league of adults out there playing it on a professional level ? I 'll never understand the absurdity of the regressive attitudes tied into taking the simplistic games we enjoyed playing when we were children and turning them into professional sporting events ... I dunno , it kinda takes the magic out of being a kid ... just my opinion , I suppose . Written and directed by Rawson Marshall Thurber -LRB- Terry Tate , Office Linebacker -RRB- , Dodgeball
 This is a typical Ben Stiller movie , funny , stupid characters , but does its job . For $ 8.99 , I 'm satisfied . This movie is for people who love stupid laughs and basic plots .
 i received item quick and in nice safe packaging , but i have not played had the opportunity to watch the specific DVD -LRB- movie -RRB- as ofyet .
 A really fun movie that you do not need to take seriously . It 's a classic Ben Stiller comedy . The unrated version is great , with good extras . Overall , this is a great purchase .
 This is a very funny film about a laid-back guy named Peter LaFleur , who is about to lose his decaying gym called Average Joe 's because the gym across the street , Globo-Gym owned by White Goodman is a lot better . Peter and his friends must raise $ 50,000 in 30 days in order to redeem the gym , or White will foreclose on it and turn it into a parking lot . The Average Joe 's decide to become a dodgeball team , and the winner gets $ 50,000 . Will the Average Joe 's beat White 's team and win the money ? I highly recommend DODGEBALL
 This movie had me in stitches !! I do n't think Ben STiller can make a bad movie .
 MAN O MAN THIS IS THE BEST MOVIE EVER.FUNNY 1000/10 LOVE IT.WHENEVER IT FIRST STARTS IT FRIKEN FUNNY BYE GUYS HAHAPS THE WHOLE MOVIE IS FUNNY
 Absolutely hilarious . I also recommend the book `` The Stupendous Dodgeball Fiasco . ''
 Simply , DodgeBall is a funny movie . Vince Vaughn as the low key encouraging gym owner is perfect . Ben Stiller repeats a perfomance here as pumped up , literally , bobo gym owner . Rip Torn as the crusty old Dodgeball veteran Patches O'Holihan is hilarious . This initial outing by Writer/Director Rawson Marshall Thurber is almost perfect . Proof once again that a good writing with truly funny lines will always win over an audience . My only negative is that Ben Stiller seems to play the same parts in most of his movies , it is funny , but one wonders for how long ? This movie is the perfect tonic for most of the stupidity you see on cable TV , especially obscure sports on the overabundance of Cable Sports channels . This one is a definite buy .
 This was a surprisingly good movie . It had some solid jokes and overall good story . The characters were very funny , and the game itself was funny . The end seemed predictable , but they mixed up a little bit and this made the movie better . Ben Stiller did a good job playing a crazy character obsessed with working out , losing weight , buying the main characters gym , and a lawyer working with them for the selling of the gym . The movie even had some love in it , and Lance Armstrong made an appearance in it . Overall a good movie to see especially if you want some laughs .
 I did n't expect this movie to be this funny ! It is hillarious ! Ben Stiller is a hoot as White , the ego maniac . Rip Torn is classic as the coach of the improbable team . But what I enjoyed were the cameos by Chuck Norris , David Hasseloff and William Shatner , who seems to have finally shedded his Capt. Kirk persona . This movie will have you in stitches . Get ready to laugh you butt off and try not to drink anything while you 're watching !
 Getting hit in the face with a ball is n't funny , but watching someone else get hit in the face is . Welcome to `` Dodgeball , '' a self-aware summer comedy that aims low and hits hard . Surprisingly , `` Dodgeball '' manages to nail most of its targets , leaving them red-faced and bruised.Anyone who endured the barbaric grade school sport of `` Dodgeball '' will understand and appreciate this underdog tale about a small time gym owner looking for salvation from bankruptcy by entering a rag tag team of losers in the National Dodgeball Championships.Writer-director Rawson Marshall Thurber readily admits he 's skewering underdog sports movies in general , which explains the over-exaggerated obviousness of the characters and their dilemma . What Thurber fails to take into consideration is that underdog sports movies in general are pretty lame , some so bad they actually become parodies of themselves.Poking fun at these type of films is risky , but Thurber manages to make `` Dodgeball '' a harmless excuse to waste an hour-and-a-half without feeling too guilty . His characters are as thin as rice paper , which allows the actors to break through and make them their own . Vince Vaughn is hilariously understated as `` Average Joe Gym '' owner Peter Le Fleur , whose client list includes a small group of misfits who call the decaying building home.Ben Stiller , with perfectly coifed hair as big as his inflatable cod piece , is exuberantly clueless as White Goodman , a former fatty who now owns the high-tech gym across the street from Average Joe . Intent on turning his competition into a parking structure , Goodman buys out the gym 's second mortgage and calls in the loan . With only thirty days to raise $ 50,000 or lose their haunt , La Fleur and his members decide to enter and win the National Dodgeball Championships in Las Vegas.Not if Goodman has anything to do with it , who then recruits his own team of ringers to put La Fleur permanently out of business . Once La Fleur and his team are on the road to success , their wins come fast and furious , taking out one adverse team after another . Thurber wisely whisks through these tournaments because he knows that we know `` Dodgeball '' does n't work unless the underdogs win and make it to Las Vegas.Thurber also throws every underdog sports movie cliche in the book at the screen . Some work , some do n't , but there are enough laughs to accommodate anyone with an interest in seeing a movie called `` Dodgeball . ''
 At first , this movie did n't exactly appeal to me when it was in the theaters . I had no interest in watching it . But , when it came out on DVD , my girlfriend talked me into renting it . I found myself laughing so hard throughout the course of the movie . I absolutely loved it . I have watched this movie over and over again . I still laugh just as hard as the first time I saw it . If you are like me and are having doubts with watching this movie for the first time , leave them at the door . I give my 100 % gurantee that this movie will not disappoint you in the slightest bit !
 I liked it , this was a great film , it had alot of moments , espacially the training part lol , well this is a great film 4/5
 I 've read some of the reviews on this movie , and I think some of the people who say this movie is n't funny lack a sense of humor . I first saw this movie in the theatre , I laughed all the way through it , along with the rest of the sold out cinema . And when I watch it by myself at my house or with some people , I 'll still laugh at some of its jokes.Probably the only thing I did n't like about this movie is that it was kind of short -LRB- 85 minutes or so -RRB- , and the storyline was incredibly fast-paced . Anyways , there 's two main characters in the movie . First , there is Peter LaFleur -LRB- Vince Vaugn , `` Old School , '' `` Anchorman '' -RRB- who is the owner of Average Joe 's Gym , a run-down gym that is about to be shut down due to failed mortage payments and bought out by Peter 's arch enemy , White Goodman -LRB- Ben Stiller -RRB- . White is the owner of Globo Gym , a state-of-the-art complex located right across the street from Average Joe 's . In order to keep Average Joe 's Gym in business and out of the clutches of Globo Gym , Peter has to raise $ 50,000 dollars in 30 days . After failed attempts to raise money , they decide to participate in a dodgeball tournament in Las Vegas , which happens to have a $ 50,000 grand prize awarded to the winner . In response , Globo Gym forms their own dodgeball team , to try and prevent Average Joe 's from winning the money.That 's pretty much it for the story itself . And again , the story moves very quickly , but fortunately the cast is able to keep the laughs constantly coming . The cast also includes a big set of on-camera cameos by William Shatner , Chuck Norris , David Hasselhoff , Hank Azaria , and Lance Armstrong . The DVD also comes packed with bonus features . I was surprised that they did n't have some of the deleted scenes in the actual movie , because they 're pretty funny and the movie short enough as it is . This may not be the best movie out there , but I bet Steven Spielberg crapped his pants when his movie , `` The Terminal , '' got destroyed by Dodgeball at the box office in the first weekend . It 's worth a look !
 Dodgeball - The movie that you and your friends talk about for weeksIf you want to laugh and laugh a lot , this movie is a must see ! Dodgeball is an instant classic with some of the funniest stars in the business . Ben Stiller gives one of his best performances playing the role of a stuck up Fitness Guru -LRB- White Goodman -RRB- who wants to take over Peter LaFleur 's -LRB- Vince Vaughn -RRB- Average Joe 's Gym . With Average Joes Gymnasium in the hole $ 50,000 it seems like an impossible situation with only one solution ... DODGEBALL!Just like it claims , Dodgeball is a true underdog story with the overlooked characters of society taking on the perfect team of Globo gym . From the first ten seconds of the film to the very end , you are hit with an urge to break out in uncontrollable laughter . Not only do you feel a knot in your stomach from all the laughing you will be doing , but you also feel a sense of pride in the team of Average Joes . This will become apparent when you notice yourself cheering at the television.To my surprise , it 's not just another comedy film that you see with no plot and just a bunch of jokes ; it has substance and constant humor which combines to create an amazing comedy production.This is one of the funniest movies I have ever seen . Watch it with some friends and it 's what you are going to be quoting all week!The only flaw that this film has is that every detail is n't refined enough for me to give it 5 out of 5 . For a comedy of this stature I can make an exception , especially when other films like `` Epic Movie '' ca n't even come close to the plot scheme and fantastic humor combination . That is why Dodgeball gets 4 out of 5 stars from me.This is one of the funniest movies you 'll ever see and the twists in the story keep you interested throughout the movie . You will want to show someone this after you see it . It 's what a comedy movie should be . Watch it .
 I will try not to go too deep into my feelings of this flim but the fact of me being in a CAR ACCIDENT -LRB- I am okay -RRB- has left me with a bit of a fuzzy memory of the movie , either that or time . Anyhow , from what I do & can recall of the movie I did get a laugh from it a bunch of times . Now I recall this one sence where this hefty boy was singing the MILKSHAKE song , the one that goes `` MY MILKSHAE BRINGS ALL THE BOYS TOO THE YARD and THEIR LIKE IT 'S BETTER THEN YOURS ... '' ! Awww man Me & my Daughter both think that part is STAND OUT & get a laugh from it . So give it a shot and if you do n't laugh then go too your closes NUT HOUSE and get checked out ! -LRB- l.m.a.o -RRB-
 This is definitely one movie I never get tired of . Vince Vaughn is at his comic best as the owner of Average Joe 's Gym . He and Ben Stiller -LRB- another comic genius -RRB- are polar oposites in this movie and it works ... well . This movie was an excellent example of what an ensemble comedy should be . The `` Mongrel Race that comprised Average Joe 's membership '' worked really well together . I thought Joel David Moore was funny as dim-witted Owen who finally finds love with Romanovian dodgeball star , Fran . Rip Torn as aged Dodgeball legend Patches O'Houllihan ? Also hilarious . Maybe they ought to make a `` Gee , I 'm sorry your dodgeball coach just crushed by two tons of irony '' Hallmark Card . Justin Long -LRB- the `` I 'm a Mac '' guy -RRB- was great in his breakthrough role as Justin - `` the Teenage Love Puppy '' . The on-screen chemistry between Vince Vaughn and Christine Taylor was so good and so convincing that , if you did n't know it already , you would n't think she was Ben Stiller 's wife in real life . Stephen Root was funny as nerdy Gordon who goes from milquetoast to mighty man during the Semi Finals when he sees his internet wife being hit on by another guy . Chris Williams -LRB- Vanessa 's brother -RRB- was good as Dwight . Alan Tudyk was possibly the funniest of all the ensemble characters as `` Steve the Pirate '' . I would highly recommend this movie to anyone . It will become a comedy classic .
 I loved this movie and I would recomend this to any Vince Vaun or Ben Stiller fan . this is a laugh a loud every minuet film and just written very well .
 This movie is pretty funny and has a lot of good jokes . It has a few `` painful '' parts , but mostly the humor is good . And Steve the Pirate makes the movie !
 What is there to say about Dodgeball - A True Underdog Movie other than it 's a no-brainer of a hilarious movie that does n't aspire to lofty heights . What it does do is come out firing with some of the funniest physical comedy and one-liners since The Farrelly Brothers ' Something About Mary . First time director Rawson Marshall Thurber does a good enough job to keep the laughs coming one right after the another to keep Dodgeball from becoming too repetitive.The movie is a riff from the stock underdog sports genre with a Peter La Fleur -LRB- played by Vince Vaughn with his usual sardonic wit -RRB- having to find a way to save his Average Joe 's Gym from being foreclosed by his bank and turned by a rival hi-tech gym next door into a parking lot . Who else would be the perfect foil for Vince Vaughn 's Peter La Fleur but none other than Ben Stiller as the former-fatty turned workout fitness Nazi , White Goodman . Goodman 's Globo Gym is a state-of-the art , sterile and BALCO-like gym where insults and making its members feel ugly , fat and useless is the way to clean health and the perfect bod.Already , within the first fifteen minutes , we know who to root for and who to boo . In one corner we have the Average Joe 's guys played with comedic timing by Justin Long , Stephen Root , Chris Williams , Alan Tudyk and Joel Moore . Stiller 's Goodman and his consigliere Me'Shell -LRB- Jamal Duff channelling Barry White -RRB- with a hand-picked ringer of a dodgeball team he calls the Purple Cobras . With the two sides set the dodgeball carnage begins as Average Joe 's must win the Las Vegas Dodgeball Invitational to earn the $ 50,000 needed to save the gym . To round out the Average Joe 's team will be the bank accountant who ends up sympathizing with the Joe 's , Kate Veatch -LRB- played by Stiller 's real-life wife , Christine Taylor -RRB- and Patches O'Houlihan -LRB- Rip Torn in a scene-stealing role -RRB- . Rip Torn is hilarious as the acerbic and insane former Dodgeball great Patches O'Houlihan . He pretty much gets all the best one-liners in the movie the moment he appears on the screen . He coaches the Average Joe 's team by browbeating them , insulting them and , failing that , throwing wrenches at them to help them in learning the 5 D 's of dodgeball
 Sure it 's predictably but it 's funny and fun to watch . Ben Stiller and the rest of the cast are great . I especially like the out takes where they show the team getting clocked by the wrench , I 'll admit it !! It 's a silly movie , just what I like : -RRB-
 I really liked it . I love dodgeball and still play it to this day , so I was thrilled to find out a movie was being made about this would-be sport . For the most part I thought it was pretty funny and I enjoyed watching it . It may be that my espectations were so high that I loved it for better or for worse but I would recommend this movie to people who like Ben Stiller and Vince Vaughn . As I said , I loved this movie and even though most of you are n't high schoolers that like crude humor , I still -LRB- no pun intended -RRB- recommend it .
 I really had an enjoyable time watching this . The characters are marvelously developed and each one has a distinctly funny personality . The script , while cliched , is well written and not over done . Plus , the movie has Chuck Norris in it ! How can you go wrong with Chuck Norris ? The bottom line is , if you do n't mind a slightly cliched movie and have a saturday night to spare , rent this one and have some laughs .
 I enjoyed this movie . I thought that Vince Vaughn gave a wonderful performance , as well as Ben Stiller , who is one of my favorite comedy actors . The plot is nothing spectacular -- we have seen similar storylines many times over . However , the combination of actors and the little surprises here and there -LRB- think beastly -LRB- Russian ? -RRB- woman -RRB- give it a nice kick . I docked a point due to one of the last scenes where Vince 's love interest ends up kissing her girlfriend that shows up at the tournament , then tells him that she is not a lesbian ... but bisexual , and kisses him . I thought that part was uncalled for and did n't add anything to the storyline whatsoever . I also did n't like the fact -LRB- and most people may not notice -RRB- that the cheerleader ended up pregnant -- you can see her pregnant belly in the last scene . I thought that a little ridiculous , especially since most people may not even notice it because they are concentrating on many other characters simultaneously . I am young and have a child and I just do n't appreciate the stereotypes -- I own my own home and was not an unwed mother and do better than many adults in their fourties . Overall , this is a great movie . Just had those two problems with it .
 I laughed at this movie a lot despite my better judgment . Yes , it 's an insult to the intelligence . Yes , Ben Stiller can do a lot better , and I truly loved the kind of humor he did on his TV show for Fox back in the early 1990s . But in the final analysis there 's something winning about this everything-but-the-kitchen-sink formula of outrageous physical gags , over-the-top characters , and silly situations . By the end of the movie , I found myself cheering for the downtrodden heroes . Jeez , what was I thinking !!!! Do n't go in looking for a masterpiece , but be ready to be disarmed , despite your best efforts .
 This movie was n't quite as funny as I thought it would be , but it still had lots of laughs in it . Lance Armstrong makes a great cameo and Ben Stiller plays a great over the top character once again while Vince Vaughn is in his role of a laid back guy just looking to get by . Really , if you are a fan of anyone in this movie then chances are you will like it .
 THis movie is very `` stupidly '' funny . This movie is full of dumb but great comedy . Ben Stiller and Vince Van are execellent in this movie . Ben Stiller plays the owner of a very cocky gym that doesnt think anyone is good the way they are . Aside from being like evil , he 's very funny `` example he has a spot on his pants that blows up to make his thing * bigger when hes around girls which is always funny . Vince Van plays the owner of `` average JOes gym '' where everyone is said to be good the way they are . He is probley the best part of the movie and is very funny . Ben trys to buy out average Joes and vince needs to raise money to save it from him . Somehow the only solution is to play dodgeball and win the national championship to win 50,000 $ to keep the gym . THis movie will suprize you till the very end . Its a great movie .
 Shame on the studio for not allowing it . It gets the extra star if they do .
 I do n't usually go for this kind of comedy , but most of this movie slayed me . Director/writer Thurber makes the movie a winner with flying wrenches , a pirate , and the entire cast getting pelted in the face with at least one dodgeball . This movie is tasteless , crass , lowbrow and appeals to the worst in all of us . My worst laughed its tookis off . The David Hasselhoff cameo alone is worth it . Get off your high horse and see this , and break up with anyone who didnt like it .
 ... not to be confused with Art , mind you . There are two types of motion pictures that are made . One is movies as Art . Two is movies as Entertainment . I guess there 's room for a third , Education , but I think even most documentaries are meant as a form of Art . Anyway , this movie is pure entertainment at its best , the same way Action movies like Terminator or The Rundown are , whereas Alien or Gladiator have more of an artsy edge.Of course this movie is kind of stupid . Its not much on plot -- its a classic story of the little nerdy guy Vs. the big bad cool bad guy , although the cool bad guy in this movie is actually kind of a homo-erotic , quasi-retard who is extremly shallow , and the good guy is n't really a nerd , just an `` Average Joe '' who has a shot to make it big and is willing , although rather reluctantly , to go the distance . When ya get right down to the nuts and bolts , this movie is full of hilarious crude little jabs that make ya laugh a little here and there , and enough comedic right-hooks that will leave you laughing your @ $ $ off . Its Hollywood , thats for damn sure , so do n't go expecting anything smart or wicked . Its good , in-your-face comedy , the kind ya need to get high or drunk to every now and then just for a good time .
 Let 's face it , dodgeball is a ridiculous sport . This raises an important -LRB- well , not really -RRB- question-can it even be called a sport ? On the surface , Dodgeball
 If you 're looking for a deep-thinker with intelligent comedy , please back away from this movie slowly and carefully.If you want to laugh until you nearly wet your pants , this is the movie for you!I laughed , and laughed , and laughed some more at this bawdy , stupid comedy . It was just plain funny . The cameos were great , and even though at times Ben Stiller 's character began to grate on my nerves because he was trying too hard , it was still laugh out loud funny.The dialogue is ridiculous , and that 's what makes it great . And make sure you watch all the way through the end credits ! It will leave you with the funniest image to haunt your nightmares in a loooooooong time .
 This movie is absolutely hands down , the funniest ben stiller movie out there , but zoolander is definitely close . The movie is filled with funny scenes , one after another . I laughed almost the whole time . HIGHLY RECOMMENDED for all the people that like comedies and/or ben stiller .
 Just like Harold and Kumar Go To White Castle , I was afraid to waste any money watching it fearing that it so dumb it 's not funny period type of flick . Luckily , I was proven wrong . Ben Stiller is White Goodman , a cocky , wealthy and heavily built owner of the hottest gym going . Vince Vaughn is Peter LaFleur , the owner of Average Joe 's gym which is old , worn out and in finanical debt to its ears . White and Peter have different philosophy as it relates to human conditioning and outlooks on life . White feels if you 're not buff or in shape , you 're a loser . Peter is for everyone regardless of what shape their in.The bank gives Peter a notice that the gym is about to be foreclosed if he does not come up with $ 50,000 . If peter fails to come up with this money , White will use the gym to add on to his gym . Peter and his crew try desperately to come up with strageties to make the money , but fall flat each time until one of the guys encouraged the group to get involved in a dodgeball competition . Of course , Peter is pretty much the only guy on the team that has any athletic abilities . In fact the team was so bad that they got schooled by a girl scout 's team in order to qualify for the touranment but the girls got disqualified b/c one of the girls failed a drug test . Go Figure . Luckily , the team did get some help as a coach -LRB- Rip Torn -RRB- comes and shows them the ropes on how to play the game . Of course , that took many , many practices to even get them even close to being competitive . The coach used wrenches and screwdrivers to as ball to help them practice . Obvisously , you would want to be good enough to dodge these things or else you 'll be in some serious pain . In addition , the woman who entered Average Joe 's gym to give him his notice joined the team b/c she hated White just as bad as he did and was you would expect , Average Joe 's overcame the odds to advance in the finals of the tourament . However , their cinderalla story was in some serious jeporady . The coach gets killed in a casino , some of the team members had priorities elsewhere , and White strongly encouraged Peter a deal he could n't refuse in selling his gym . However , against all odds the team did prevail , keep the gym , and run White 's gym out of business . White ends up the guy that he thought was a complete loser as he sat in his sofa eating a pound of ice cream grieveing over the loss . Highly Recommended .
 Dodge Ball is a truly funny movie . The setting is Ben Stiller is the leader of a super swanky exercise center and Vince Vaughn is the leader of the exercise center for misfits . Vaughn is losing his center to the bank for non-payment and Ben stiller 's charater has bought the mortgage . Vaughn leads his crew in a dodge ball tournament to win $ 50,000 to pay off the mortgage and keep his center for the average Joes . Stiller sets his own team up to prevent the Average Joes from winning due to his personal hatered for Vaughn.Ben Stiller is perfect as the over the top fitness guru White Goodman . He represents every fitness guru the average person hates . Too muscular with perfect hair and perfect physical specimens surrounding him . Think of all of those workout specialist selling various equipment and tapes on late night tv . He is too macho for his own good and he is tiny to boot , using intimidation to get what he wants.Vaughn is also perfect as LeFleur the leader of the average Joes . He leads a bunch of nerds trying , but not succeeding to work out . He represent everyone of us who starts to work out but never finishes . He buys the tape but nerver uses it more than once . He also fails to see why he is less than the experts and thinks its ok to be average.Rip Torn is the `` famous '' patches o'toole , a champion dodge ball player from the fifties trying to get the average joes ready to win.There is nothing new in this movie that has not been covered better before . But , do n't let that stop you from buying this one . It is the combinations of the cliches that make this movie so hysterical . With allusions to the famous fitness gurus to the `` karate kid '' , the movie actually works . I thought the idea of championship dodge ball was so over the top until I saw championship dodge ball on a famous cable sports channel . These people are into it and that made the movie even funnier . Do n't miss this one ! Highly reccommended .
 This was a great movie . Ben Stiller is really funny in this . If you dont laugh during this movie , then you must have lost your sense of humor to a bush . Anyway , the point of the movie is basicly that average joes gym has 30 days to make 50,000 dollers , or else there gym gets turned into a parking lot . So they play dodgeball . When White Goodman -LRB- ben stiller -RRB- hears about this , he decides to play dodgeball too , to make sure that the average joes dont win . It 's just really funny , SO YOU BETTER GET IT STINKY !! PS . dont listen to the ElMo guy ... he 's an idiot !
 There have been plenty of negative reviews about this film ... mostly from people who do n't like Ben Stiller or people who are put off by lowbrow comedies with tons of obscene sexual jokes and various in-jokes about homosexuality . This movie is what it is ... an entertaining comedy for the masses . I 'm pretty sure a 4th grade kid would understand most of the jokes in this film . I 'm NOT saying that ANY parent should allow their 4th grade child to see this movie , but my point is you do n't need a high IQ to get the jokes in this film . Long story short , if you 're an adult who is n't offended by sexually-suggestive jokes or slapstick humor , you should see this movie if you 're looking for a fun comedy on a lazy evening .
 I bought this DVD simply because I like Vince Vaughn in comedies . I have been a big fan of his ever since `` Swingers '' . I was n't expecting a whole lot , but I was pleasantly surprised . Christine Taylor does a good job , and the supporting cast was surprisingly good . Ben Stiller gets old after awhile with his way , way over-the-top performance -LRB- which is a reprise of a very similar part he played in the movie `` Heavyweights '' -RRB- . This is n't Vaughn 's best performance , but it was still enjoyable . There is n't a great deal of plot , and what plot there is is pretty predictable , but hey , this is n't that kind of movie . It 's not great stuff , but it 's good enough to warrant a recommendation from me . Plus , there are a lot of extras plus a commentary track by Vaughn , Stiller , and the director , so this DVD has that going for it . Overall , a keeper .
 I 'd have to rate it the top comedy of ' 04 . I mean c'mon , who could n't love a short Ben Stiller against Vince Vaughn throwing balls at each other.Not a movie recommended for the younger crowd though . There are a few scenes that could have made this movie R.
 To be honest , I resisted watching DODGEBALL because I did n't care much for recent comedies . I also avoided anything with Ben Stiller after several of his unfunny stinkbombs . He really needs to be more picky with his scripts because he is a genuinely funny guy -LRB- check out `` The Ben Stiller Show '' to see that -RRB- . But Stiller is very funny in DODGEBALL , along with everyone else . I wish there had been more Stephen Root and Rip Torn . I also loved Hank Azaria 's spoof of old educational films on the history of Dodgeball . After OLD SCHOOL and this movie , Vince Vaughn is becoming the Bill Murray of his generation.Most of this movie is predictable and derivative but it keeps the laughs coming.Funny , funny stuff . Check it out .
 Peter owns and operates a neighborhood gym . He is a nice guy but a lousy business man . In fact , he is practically broke . Still , his is the only place accessible to the `` average Joe '' . It does not cater to the `` beautiful people '' . Frankly , it caters to losers . They are nice losers but losers all the same.The problem occurs when a big , corporate gym wants to buy his facility . He does n't want to sell but does not have the cash to pay off the delinquent note . The only hope is to enter a dodgeball tournament . Nobody from the gym really knows anything about dodgeball but it is their only hope . They are lucky in that they find a former `` professional '' to act as coach . As predictable as it seems , the underdogs manage to triumph after a lot of unexpected traumas along the way.This film is utterly predictable and uses all the traditional sports clich&eacute;s but that does not matter because it is fun . Enjoy it for what it is
 I guess my husband and I just do n't have the sophistication needed to appreciate `` films , '' because this movie is just our type ! We actually had to stop the DVD a couple of times to compose ourselves . My stomach hurt so much from the wrench-throwing and car-dodging scenes . I know it 's stupid , but it totally cracked us up ! If you want to watch something that requires no thinking but entertains you to the max , give this one a try .
 `` This is where dodgeball was invented ... by opium addicted chinamen . '' This movie is perfect . It was never meant to be some critically acclaimed opus ... actually , the more I know about most critics the less I care what they think but this movie is a perfect 90 minute smilefest with wonderfully warm performances by absolutely everyone in this film . From the two main stars all the way down to Chuck Norris.I absolutely love everything about this film . They actually have a guy who actually thinks he 's a pirate . Justin Long says `` no doy '' and did that guy by the jukebox get killed by a dodgeball ? The direction is spot on , the writing is fantastic and everyone on the screen is absolutely the best person I can imagine for their respective roles . Also , there is something so funny about a rhino-skin playground ball smacking someone in the chops . I could never grow tired of watching this film . It will put you in a good mood ... is n't that what entertainment is about ?
 My wife and I saw this on opening night and laughed ourselves silly the whole time . The comedy here takes all forms - from subtle , to slapstick , to sexual references . The plot is standard small guy vs. big guy , but is very rewarding nonetheless.Ben Stiller plays a fitness club owner who wants to buy out his neighbor 's club . In response , Vince Vaughan 's character is about to fold but gets together with some of his friends -LRB- one of whom is a pirate , who is absolutely hilarious the whole time -RRB- and enter a dodgeball competition . The rest is somewhat predictable but hilarious anyway . This movie is not about plot , it 's about laughs , and luckily there are more than enough to last.If you liked Dumb & Dumber , Pet Detective , etc. then get this DVD . You 'll be laughing for days .
 Really . . that 's it . . VERY basic , no need for thought if you 're watching this movie . . seriously ... You have a great cast of comedic actors portraying funny characters ... some good physical comedy as well . . Stephen Root 's character of Gordon is great ! Plus Steve the Pirate . . Steve the Pirate ? Yea . . Steve the Pirate !! cmon . . Just the name of that character alone rules !! -LRB- and the character himself is pretty damn good -RRB- Throw in Rip Torn as Patches O Hoolahan , and Hank Azaria playing a younger Patches -LRB- in a wonderful B&W instructinoal video from the 1950 's telling Timmy to take a break from that fine lead based paint to learn the wonderful game of Dodgeball -RRB- and you got soem serious laughs ... and remember . . this movie IS stupid and that 's the whole point . . go with it !!
 Dodgeball is one of the greatest movies ever made . The movie is about Vince Vaughn leading a group of misfits to win a Dodgeball tournment to save his gym . The movie is funny from the beginning to the end . Ben Stiller plays a great villian , White Goodman a sucessful gym owner who uses a whole bunch of funny and stupid sayings to every phrase . Rip Torn does a great job as Patches O'Houllahan , the Average Joes dodgeball coach who says the now classic line `` If you can dodge a wrench , you can dodge a ball '' . Also you ca n't forget Christine Taylor and Stephon Roots great performances and my favorite in the movie Steve The Pirate.Buy this movie , it is great . Best Sports Movie Ever made .
 To be honest , there 's nothing on display here that even comes within sniffing distance of `` new '' or `` original , '' but director Rawson Marshall Thurber has nonetheless delivered the physical comedy goods in spades with a tried-and-true plot of good versus evil ; the hopeless no-lifers of Peter La Fleur 's -LRB- Vince Vaughn -RRB- Regular Joe 's Gym against White Goodman -LRB- Ben Stiller -RRB- and a phalanx of smug muscleheads from Globo Gym in a dodgeball tournament with a $ 50,000 top prize , precisely the amount La Fleur needs to pony up to prevent foreclosure on his gym by Goodman.Vaughn and Stiller are both terrific in the lead roles , but it 's Rip Torn who perhaps turns in the performance of his career , chewing up scenery as the crusty , slightly tetched , wheelchair-bound Patches O'Houlihan , former seven-time dodgeball all-star , who takes La Fleur 's clueless misfits and molds them into clueless winners with a training regimen that includes dodging wrenches and traffic , verbal intimidation , and a take-no-prisoners approach to the game . The only downside to Torn 's portrayal is trying to deflect my kids ' questions about snatches of dialogue like `` queerbait , '' `` crotch stain , '' `` dyke , '' and `` a bunch of retards trying to hump a doorknob '' with `` Go ask your mother . ''
 If you are looking for a fun flick to waste some time , you 've found it ! This movie has some very funny and unforgettable moments . Sadly and strangely , I found myself laughing uncontrolably at the sight of the red balls pounding people . A cheap thrill that I would recommend if you want a good laugh .
 The underdog story is a typical one , with which we are all familiar . But the genius of this film does n't depend on a story we 've never heard before . It rests on the interplay between characters and the sheer exuberant fun of watching this group of misfits -- because even the `` cool '' guys are misfits -LRB- Ben Stiller and crew -RRB- -- exist in the only way they know how.Some critics have called the movie low-brow because it does depend on physical comedy a great deal . However , there is still a very smart edge to the dialogue . Christine Taylor is sharply witty , especially in her dealings with Ben Stiller . Vince Vaughn embodies the underacheiving slackerThis movie is funny . It 's smart , but it does n't take itself seriously . If you enjoyed Zoolander , it 's a good bet you 'll enjoy this film as well .
 Dodgeball
 This movie 1st of all is not a family movie.It 's a party movie . If you watch this movie you have to watchit with friends.g2g
 When I began to watch Dodgeball , I thought this was going to be a funny movie . I was right this is funny ! It is a highly entertaining film that is smart and funny ! It may not be hilarious , but it is still enjoyable !
 AS WELL LOADS OF LAUGHS ! WE LOVED IT , AND HAVE WATCHED IT TWICE SINCE LAST EVENING ! PHOTOGRAPHY , SHARP , CRISP COLORS , AND GREAT AC-3 SOUND ALL ADD UP TO A ROLLICKING FUN FEST . STILLER HAS NEVER BEEN MORE EVIL , AND VINCE VAUGHN AND HIS TEAM-NEVER MORE HUMILITATINGLY FUNNY . IT IS A LAUGHFEST FROM START TO HILARIOUS FINISH . PUT IT UNDER THE TREE OF ANYONE THAT ENJOYS AN OBSCENE LAUGHFEST .
 I used to hate dogeball as a kid because I was always the only kid on my team the guys from the other team seemed only interested in tageting whenever we played . Shoot ! Sometimes players from my own team would pelt me just to be funny . But I love this movie a whole lot ! It would be great if somebody would introduce the game to the mainstream and gave dogball it 's own cable T.V. series . -LRB- The sport , not the movie -RRB- We could introduce games like CELEBRITY DOGEBALL ! If you can picture someone like -LSB- ... -RSB- with a red rubber ball like me then you 've got to admit it would be a hell of and idea almost worth paying to see !
 i absolutely lLOVE !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! this movie i saw it when i was in junior high and it never got old to me , I love this movie . i know everyone likes dodge a wrench you can dodge a dodgeball ball but that 's not my fav quote in the movie this is - Peter La Fleur
 It got to my house before it should and it was just what I wanted .
 Dodgeball is a fun entertaining comedy , What d'you think , Jim?JIM
 You can spot huge advertisement everywhere , `` Another Big Hit Comedy From Ben Stiller '' which made me actually believed this movie could be pretty funny and even good . And man was I surprised , it should 've said `` Another ` I 'm Pissing My Career Down The Sever ' Comedy From Ben Stiller '' . Seriously , I used to like and wait something from a Ben Stiller film/comedy but nowadays they 're just not good . Last good film `` from '' Ben Stiller propably was Royal Tenenbaums from years ago . Every single crap he has done ever since has been crap in the meaning . Just for the record , the leading actor is mostly Vince Vaughn . The plot is thick , very formulaic and as easily predictable as the result of Finland versus England football match up . Acting feels like they only shot when it were Sunday . Okay it 's better to jump over what 's bad as I really did n't like this movie at all . So what good there can be if ... the one and only thing worth the while are the cameos from David Hasselhoff and Chuck Norris , which both lasts about 5 seconds in total . Rule # 2
 but if you do , this is one funny movie . I could n't stop laughing from beginning to end . The humor is stupid , but in a sort of intellectually cynical way . Stiller is over the top as the owner of the megagym , and deadpan Vince Vaughn sets him off perfectly . This is a great movie to watch in a group !
 I rented this movie on a whim and was n't expecting too much from it but ended up laughing through the whole thing . Movies are supposed to be entertaining and this one definately fits the bill . Very obivously it is not a thought provoking film or even a film you leave having learned a lesson but it 's simple story is not lost in the silliness of professional dodgeball . I have recommended this movie to several friends and the ones who have watched it enjoyed it as much as I did .
 I almost snorted spirte out my nose watching this movie.I 'll admit , it 's not for everyone . If you enjoyed Zoolander , Harold and Kumar go to Whitecastle , and Get Shorty , this movie will have you in stitches.I highly recommend it to anyone looking for a good laugh .
 I also found something interesting during my visit to the Special Features . The first thing that you notice is that the layout of the section is Average Joes and the little scene off to the side is Justin 's ever-hilarious attempt to catch Patches 's dodge balls during training . However , look next to the balloon that says `` resume film '' . You see a balloon that is Globo Gym 's logo . Click it , and you are taken to a scene where the fat White Goodman says that every time he snaps his fingers in the movie , hit enter . It happens three times in the movie . 1 . When White tries to seduce Kate in his office , 2 . At the Dirty Sanchez , after White pushed the waitress onto the Average Joes 's table , and lastly , 3 . After Kate throws White against her door and he says `` nobody makes me bleed in my own blood . Nobody ! '' After you press enter for the third time , you will be taken to the scene where White does his `` Patented ` Peek-a-Boo ' '' dodge ball throw , then to the t.v in the Globo Gym building -LRB- the one where he says `` There 's a good energy in the gym '' . You , for quite some time , watch the little show on the screen before you are taken back to the scene where White gets on the Blue motor scooter driven by Me'Shell . The show is funny . I found that you have to press enter right when he snaps his fingers . It 's kind of hard to get it right , but it does work.I absolutely LOVE this movie !! I even stepped out of my preferred genre of action/horror/sci-fi movies to add it to my collection . This hilarious movie is better seen unrated , but if you do n't want children to see it , or you just do n't want to see it , you are n't missing much . Which is wonderful , because you do n't want to miss any of this hilarious comedy . Patches ' training procedure is enough to make yourself roll on the floor laughing . How Ben Stiller , Rip Torn , and Vince Vaughn say all those hilarious things with a straight face is beyond me , but it 's funny as all get out ! Although ... I must say that I really hope you are n't drinking any liquids or are tired from laughing already ... I really do ... because the ending credits are priceless !!! It 's too funny ! I 'm still laughing !!!
 I think when you put Vince Vaughn in most any comedy he will do a fine job . This is probably his funniest work to date . When you take the idea of dodge ball as a competitive sport you know its going to be funny . Most all of the supporting cast is funny , the only person that is not is Ben Stiller . I think he truly was trying not to be funny and really that was supposed to be his character . The movie is great and though I have not seen the unrated version yet I am sure the general movie is still the same .
 I liked everything about this movieYou 'll dodge , duck , dip , dive ... and laugh out loud watching VINCE VAUGHN and BEN STILLER settle their differences in a winner-take-all dodgeball competition . Under the painful tutelage of legendary ADAA champ PATCHES O'HOULIHAN -LRB- RIP TORN -RRB- , PETTER LAFLEUR -LRB- VAUGHN -RRB- and his AVERAGE JOES take on the PURPLE COBRAS , keed by egomaniacal fitness guru WHITE GOOMAN -LRB- STILLER -RRB- . It 's an over-the-top underdog tale filled with hilarious gags and BALLS-OUT-FUN !
 Funny , stupid , hilarious and extremely entertaining . This movie is all of those things . Not regretting a second of my life that I was watching it . Pleasant actors and very well done movie . I do n't really enjoy stupid movies , but this one is funny and from now on , one of my favorite comedies .
 When charismatic , lovable loser Peter La Fleur -LRB- Vince Vaughn -RRB- is in danger of losing `` Average Joe 's '' , his failing gymnasium to rival gym owner and self-absorbed fitness guru White Goodman -LRB- Ben Stiller -RRB- , he and his ragtag bunch of loyal members rally together to raise the money to save it by competing in an national dodgeball tournament , despite their questionable athletic skills.Help arrives in the unlikely form of a former dodgeball champion , the abrasive and now-wheelchair-bound Patches O'Houlihan -LRB- Rip Torn -RRB- . First-time director Rawson Marshall Thurber gives us a very entertaining comedy , viciously feeding off the many well-worn cliches ' of the sports movie , delving very close to parody but wisely avoiding the paths taken by so many Zucker-Abrahams-Zucker wannabes.Much of the humor is scatalogical , but the biggest laughs come from this film 's treatment of dodgeball , a sport usually associated with the schoolyard , with the same sort of bombastic narrative and bloated cinematic importance usually reserved for movies about baseball , football , boxing and so on .
 Peter LaFleur is a charismatic underachiever and proprietor of a rundown gym called Average Joe 's . The facility 's ecclectic clientele of decidedly less-than-average Joes is comprised of
 The fact is , this movie is hilarious . I never expected this to be very funny when I started watching it . The sight gags really work , and the same is said for the humor itself -LRB- even though some of it involves people repeatedly getting hit by something -RRB- . Vaughan , Stiller , Torn , and the rest of the cast really give hysterical performances . But why the four stars ? Well , the only flaw here is that certain scenes do seem to slow the film down . But that 's about it . The rest of the film is very good . It 's a comedy that people with a real sense of humor will enjoy .
 It just piles on the jokes and knows how to be funny , in terms of behavior . Of all the jokes that are attempted there is only one that does n't really work and that 's Steve the Pirate . He just seems like a character that is n't used very well , or even in the right way . The character could obviously be the most dangerous comic character in awhile , but instead , the director just allows him to be ordinary , to seem like one of the guys , and even though one of the funniest jokes emmerges when Owen does n't recognize that he 's a pirate and then knowingly acknowledges it later in the film . I think one of the things that makes the movie really funny is Ben Stiller 's willingness to take a chance with his comedy and not care whether it 's actually funny or not , he just goes the distance . In terms of the DVD , it 's first rate . Yes , there 's features and commentary , deleted scenes , etc , but there 's an easter egg if you can find it , as a matter of fact there 's a key to a number of them throughout the picture and hopefully you find them and enjoy them . That 's all I feel like saying right now , I hope you enjoy the film and are n't put off by some of the infantile and vulgar humor , which I like .
 This was so funny I was laughing for hours after watching it particualy after the scene with Ben Stiller dancing to Milkshake by Kelis!Ben Stiller stole the show as White Goodman who was so funny especially the scene where he pumped up the area around his penis !! U have to watch this now even if just for Ben Stiller who was so funny as the bad guy and the best joke was :[ ... -RSB- Buy NOW !! I also reccomend Team America it has puppets but it is the FUNNIEST movie ever with this second!U 'll love this and Team America and get Dumb and Dumber while u r at it ! -LSB- ... -RSB-
 I laughed so hard at Ben Stiller during this whole movie . He was great . The whole movie is hilarious from beginning to end . Ben Stiller plays Dwight Goodman and ego maniac who is in love with himself . He is the owner and operator of Globogym which looks like a gym we 'd see the year 2040 . Now there are problems at Peter LaFluers ' Average Joes Gym which is right across the street from Globogym . They are behind in their payments and need 50,000 dollars or Dwight will buy their gym.Peter LaFluers gyms consists of all emotionally crippled in some way members who work for him . Peter will do anything to help them or make them happy . This is the only place they go to find solitude from their unhappy lives . For them being able to go Average Joes Gym and just being there makes them happy . Peter sees this and does n't want to lose Average Joes to Dwight . They finally agree to play Dodgeball because this is there only way of winning 50,000 dollars . After beating one team they enter the finals . Dwight sees this and also enters the finals.Patches O'Houlihan played by Rip Torn overhears Peters members in a bar being bullied by non other than Dwight himself . Dwights is tring to scare them out of not going to the finals . Patches see this and decides to coach their team on how to play Dodgeball . Patches coaching starts off in a more violent way which makes for some really funny scenes . There are also hilarious moments where Ben Stiller tries to pick up Christine Taylor in all grotesque perverted ways . Watch Stiller talk during most of the movie he does n't make any sense and its so funny.Both teams finally go to the dodgedball competition in Las Vegas to see if they can win and Stiller will do anything to stop that from happening by getting really violent . The other cast was funny too but Ben Stiller was definately at the top . Vince Vaughn was good too and played a very lovable character . There are some good cameos in this movie by David Haselhoff , Chuck Norris , Lance Armtrsong , Jason Bateman , Gary Cole , and William Shatner Please see this movie , it is very entertaining and funny to watch . I highley recommend it !!
 DO N'T LISTEN TO THE NEGATIVE COMMENTS ON THIS ONE ... JUST REMEMBER THE PERSON WHO RATED THIS WITH ONE STAR GAVE WHALE RIDER A 5 STAR CLASSIC , SO THAT JUST SHOWS WHAT KIND OF PERSON THEY ARE ... ANYWAYS , THE MOVIE IS JUST CLASSIC , FUNNY LIKE THE MOVIE OLD SCHOOL , IF YOU DONT HAVE THIS ... GO GET IT NOW ... TOOO FUNNY ...
 Jonathan LevittMovie Review `` Ready ... and ... DODGEBALL ! '' Those were the words heard over and over during the movie Dodgeball
 This movie is so funny i had to see it again because i missed the first few minutes . I thoroughly enjoyued this film . There are so many jokes
 Too funny to describe . We were rolling in the ailes . If you like Vince Vaughn , you 'll like this movie .
 This movie was one of the great Vince Vaughn comedies when he was in his prime years , movie quality wise , from ' 03 - ' 05 . This one is right up there but probably not quite as classic as Wedding Crashers and Old School . A step up from Starsky and Hutch though . Ben Stiller was great in this as well . His character , White Goodman , was hilarious . Jason Bateman 's small role as the color commentator , Pepper Brooks , was also great.Easy movie to be able to rewatch and enjoy as well due to all of the great `` one-liners '' . I have it on iTunes and it never gets old .
 I dont know how anyone could not laugh at this movie . It seems to appeal to all types of audiences that enjoy light humor . I wasnt a fan of Ben Stiller until this move . He is very funny in it . Despite the focus on humor , it is not entirely predictable and has some suprises in store for the audience .
 he seller shipped the item in great time I was very please with this transaction
 O. . M. . G !!!! Hands down this funniest movie I 've ever seen . Ben Stiller is the hilarious , even better than Zoolander . If you like silly , this is the movie for you !
 I really enjoyed this DVD.I think it was because I Loved playing Dodgeball as a kid , and i was a BIG KID.There are some stupid parts , but Vince Vaughn and Ben Stiller make the film worth watching .
 I thought this was one of the best sport movies i have ever seen in my life.I liked the actors like Vince Vaughn and Ben Stiller I was surprised though because Ben Stiller won best villain at the MTV movie awards.Instead of Rachael McAdams for Mean Girls.I thought the best scene in the movie was when Ben Stiller became that fat guy and he sang Kelis ' Milkshake song.I thought it was hilarious and we made un of a fat kid that it was him.But it was hilarious so i recommend you see this movie .
 Dodge , duck , dip , dive , and DODGE ! The five essentials of a true dodgeballer . This movie has a fantastic mix of humor and excitement that would leave any fan of dodgeball blown away . Vince Vaughn the leader of Average Joe 's dodgeball team and the owner of Average Joe 's gym , takes the star role while destroying all opponets . Vince has 30 days to pay off the bank or his social network of a gym goes under . Ben Stiller , Vince 's mortal enemy and the man buying his gym , hears of Average Joe 's new dodgeball team and joins the league instantly . This great competition between high and low class busniess owners leads to nothing but laughter . Any enthusiast of funny sports flims would love this walk on the wild side of dodgeball .
 Dodgeball , the classis school game where the popular jocks get to throw rubber balls at the nerds , and the uncoordinated . Truly a game that deserves a movie , and who better than Ben Stiller to produce and star in the film . This was a great movie , an instant cult classic . I laughed until my sides hurt . This movie is not for everyone , my wife found some of the humor semi offensive , and she did not get all the bad jokes -LRB- not that they were not funny , just bad for lack of a better term -RRB- . Over all I loved the movie and gave it five stars . The only thing I would have done different was leave the original ending , it was great , it fit , it had a moral to it , the good guys do n't always win , plus and most importantly it was funny !! So do n't by this movie if you are expecting a intellectual movie about man 's struggle to establish himself over an oppressive corporation , you will be disappointed , it is just funny .
 This is truly an amazing movie . Not just as comedy , but as a movie overall . It was just interesting , funny , and fun to watch . Stiller , as one of my favorite actors , delivers a great performance . And so does Vaughn . They also stuck well together on Starsky and Hutch . Another great film . I recommend it .
 This movie is among the top three funniest movies this year . The only other two that were as funny were Anchorman and Team America . I 've never laughed so hard in a theatre in my life . The guy that plays the Underdogs coach was awesome . Ben Stillers ego-maniacal portrayal of the gym-owner was hilarious and Vince Vaugn 's character was loveable . They were perfect nemeses -LRB- however you spell that -RRB- . Without a doubt a must have for the holiday season .
 This movie is impossible to watch with a straight face and without flinching . A true comedy in every sense of the word it will have you rolling in laughter and remembering your own experiences with the dreaded dodgeball.In a world of infomercials and faultless people resides the perfect man , White Goodman -LRB- Ben Stiller -RRB- . Goodman owns and controls a state of the art health club and spends his life combing his feathered hair , pumping up and electrocuting himself over donut and pizza cravings . With a personality as shallow as his appearance he is a true specimen of gag reflex in motion ! Across the street is a run down gym for `` Average Joes '' run by a hapless man of little ambition , Pete La Fleur -LRB- Vince Vaughn -RRB- . Goodman and La Fleur soon begin a power struggle over ownership of his little gym and the games begin . SMACK ! SPLAT ! In order to come up with $ 50K to save the average joes from being eaten alive by White 's arrogant conglomeration La Fleur and his gang of misfit members join a dodgeball tournament . With all seriousness the nerds begin to work out with a legend in the sport and after getting hit by iron wrenches and plenty of balls they end up in Las Vegas for the championship . Needless to say Mr. White and his robotic over-steroided team are also willing to be turned into pulp by a bunch of flying balls ... Ouch !! Ben Stiller and Vince Vaughn are incredible in their roles as very serious gym owners and it is absolutely impossible not to laugh while watching this film . Christine Taylor -LRB- Stiller 's real life wife -RRB- does an excellent job as the girl both over jockulated men eventually vie for . Rip Torn is hilarious as the urine drinking dodgeball legend who eventually coaches greatness from his wheelchair . The gags and stabs at seekers of perfection are downright on the money with plenty of pumped up pecs and abs to fill an egotists dream . The average joes are all absolutely side-splitting with their uncoordinated efforts and messed up lives . The tournament is filled with subtle innuendos directed at everything funny about Japanese , German , Eastern European and Red Neck American athletes as well as that ever present superior being the Bodybuilder ! Cameo appearances by Hank Azaria , Chuck Norris , Lance Armstrong , William Shatner and David Hasselhoff offer a few short moments of additional laughs . But the real hero of this film is the dodgeball itself , that red ball that has instilled so much fear in anyone who has ever faced it while hugging onto a wall cringing . I still ca n't figure out why watching people get hurt in innocent ways is so funny but I dare you to dodge the giggles that come from watching this movie each and every time someone gets smashed by a flying dodgeball!P.S ... Make sure you watch the credits for additional chuckles by Ben Stiller !!
 Nothing I can tell you about this movie will sound funny , yet this was the funniest movie I 've seen since There 's Something About Mary . The first twenty minutes will leave you wondering if you 've made a mistake , but hang in there and you 'll be in stitches . Others will tell you this is a stupid movie , and they 're correct , but I honestly laughed so hard it hurt . Some great cameos in this movie too.I hope you enjoy it as much as I did .
 Dodgeball is great . Stiller is funny as always -LRB- a little bit of Heavy Weights in his character -RRB- The supporting cast is great , with Taylor , Roots , Cole , and Bateman . The cameos will also make you laugh . Very enjoyable .
 but , I still love all the people who said it was n't funny , because they did n't understand it ! They 're expecting just straight-forward humor ! But , Ben Stiller , being the comic-genius he is , also stealing a lot of jokes from me , can make jokes so dry that not everyone will catch it ... or just catch it late ... but , those are the funniest ones ! You can still think to get a good laugh ! Sometimes it was n't even a joke ... it was a slow boring spot when someone said something stupid ... and the other person just made a face at him ! This is genius ! Like my `` face with no eyes '' or the ridiculous exaggeration of `` the face with no nose '' which is highly impossible ! Anyway ... just because you do n't get the joke ... like the person that said you should be over 13 ... that person was over 13 and still did n't understand it ! but , if you do n't get it ... someone else has ! I hate going to the theatre ... but , I went watch this twice ! Even though Ben stole some of my crap , I still love him !
 This is a hilarious movie . Great spin on a childhood game picked up by adults . Ben is great
 This has become a cult film for our family and we watch it over and over . Subtle and in-your-face humor keep you laughing all the time . Great actors - Bill Stiller always makes me laugh and Christine Taylor is always great in comedic roles . If you like Zoolander , Office Space , and Taledega Nights , you 'll love this one . I 'm just spit-ballin ' here , but this is a FUN movie ! Touche !
 A superb cast , super-funny script and lots of fun loaded with physical comedy make Dodgeball a winner . Never a lull in the laughs , this film is an upbuilding , fun flick to share with friends . Rooting for the underdog is an exciting and hilarious experience . Watch with friends .
 A great movie addition -LRB- or gift -RRB- or if you like movies with the likes of Ben Stiller , Vince Vaughn , Will Ferrell , etc. .
 Dodgeball is an excellent sports-comedy movie about a local gym named Average Joe 's gymnasium lead by Peter Lefleur -LRB- Vince Vaughn -RRB- that enters a Dodgeball tournament in Las Vegas to win $ 50,000 to pay its mortgage . Otherwise , super gym Globogym , lead by White Goodman -LRB- Ben Stiller -RRB- , with take it over . They as well , enter the tournament too . Average Joe 's get help from former Dodgeball Star Patches O'Houlihan to train them . Both teams win all their games and make it the finals . The night before the final game , White tries to bribe Peter by giving Peter $ 100,000 and letting Peter sign the deed to White . We do not know until the end . Average Joe 's wins the game in an exciting sudden death match . We find out that Peter did accept the bribe , but bet on Average Joes to win at a 50-1 odds and win $ 5,000,000 . Peter decides to buy the controlling state of Globo-Gym , creates his own Average Joes Gym.Overall the movie was quite entertaing . A little slow in the beginning , but picks up when the tournaments starts . If you want a good , funny sports movie , this is the one for you . At least give a rental and remember the 5 D 's of Dodgeball
 If you 're thinkin ' to yourself , `` Gone With the Wind was n't a comedy ... '' You are absolutely right ... but this , my friend , is . Sure , it 's sophmoric and basically juvenille , but look at the subject matter we 're talkin ' about here ; we 're talkin ' frickin ' dodgeball and it really is a competitive sport ... geesh ... what 's next ... professional hopscotch?This is an incredibly funny movie . Both Ben Stiller and Vince Vaughn are their usual great selves , but the one who really made this movie for me is Rip Torn ... `` Is it necessary that I drink my own urine ? '' Uhhh ... that 's a quote from the movie and not a question I 'm actually asking.I think the problem with most of the world today is that we take ourselves too seriously . I 'm not saying that we should be loopy and silly , but I think we all need to take the things that are in our lives with a lighter tone . Yeah , this movie is stupid , but it 's stupid in a good way , which sounds stupid , but is n't ... y' know what I 'm sayin ' ? Hey , I 'm a professional counselor and I 'm tellin ' you , you need to see this movie . You need to laugh at life , you need to grab life by the balls and live a little bit ... c'mon , it 's your urine , drink it!Mmmm ... okay . Nuff said . Just buy the movie . It is pretty darn good .
 If you liked Zoolander you will love this movie . I thought is was fast moving and unpreditable which a good movie should be .
 Dodgeball ROCKS ! I love it !! It has it 's moments -LRB- funny and BORING ... -RRB- , I love the part after the ending theme !! It 's just gross !
 This film is so stupid it 's funny and it knows that it 's stupid and wants to be stupid . It actually goes out of its way to be over-the-top stupid , complete with a gym owner -LRB- Ben Stiller -RRB- , so overwrought by a secret eating disorder , he massages pizza while surfing the Internet in his private moments of `` gastroporn . '' He 's determined to take over a smaller `` loser '' gym , Average Joes , run by Vince Vaughan . This comedy is a good-hearted fable about the average guy respecting himself and maintaining his integrity in the face of a culture rendered grotesque by its extreme vanity and naricissism , the embodiment of which is seen in the Ben Stiller character . I do n't mean to over-intellectualize the film ; I simply mean to say that the film , for all its silliness and over-the-top humor , is about something .
 Great movie . Makes me laugh overtime no matter how many times I watch it . Ben tiller is hilarious and Vince Vaughn will crack you up with his dry humor . A must see !
 Dodgeball is a really great movie if you are looking for some laughs . It 's a good one to watch multiple times too .
 This movie is so funny . Be ready for crude , silly , and poignant all at the same time . Who can resist a movie with cameos from Chuck Norris and William Shatner ?
 This is a funny movie in a very predictable , classic format . However , sometimes we just need those movies that take us to another place where we would never go and create the kind of neo-classic comedy that many of us enjoy . It 's a good classic comedy to watch if you just want to be entertained .
 If you 're looking for a deep plot , deep characters , and high-class humor , you 've come to the wrong place . On the other hand , if you 're looking for a typical underdog story with plenty of comedy , pain , and painful comedy , this is the movie for you . The character personalities are funny -LRB- even the supporting characters -RRB- , the `` training '' scenes are definitely funny , and the whole movie has a storyline that you see coming from the beginning but still get that `` feel good '' feeling when it is over . This is definitely a movie I can watch anytime I need a good laugh . I ca n't say it 's my favorite , but I 've seen movies half as funny get rave reviews . Do n't take my word for it . At the very least , rent it , and see for yourself .
 Dodgeball is essentially an ESPN sendup , which includes the inspired casting of Gary Cole and David Hasselhoff . Then there are Lance Armstrong , Chuck Norris . But wait , there 's more . Both an iMac in this film and the commercials iMac vs. Dell personification of iMac , Justin Long . Justin long , also featured in Live Free or Die Hard . Hollywood gets it right.Clint Williams
 Dodgeball andZoolanderare my 2 fave Ben Stiller movies of all time , both of which incorporate Vince Vaughn . Vince Vaughn has a starring role in this one , however , playing the good guy to Stiller 's laughably idiotic bad guy . Dodgeball is laugh out loud hilarious ! It 's one of my go-to movies to watch whenever I need a mental pick-me-up and never fails to give me some much needed laughter therapy . For the same effect , I also highly recommendBlades of Glory !
 A HILARIOUS movie ! Kept me laughing the entire time . Plenty of primitive and crude humor that covers up the fairly simple plot line.By the way , watch through the credits , it 's worth it .
 Dodgeball is a fun movie to kick back with on a weekend and enjoy some good laughs with family or friends .
 Bought this DVD after this was stolen from our house . This came brand new and sealed wrapper just like buying at the store . Excellent price . It makes a great replacement added to our family movie collection . No problems or issues with purchasing this product .
 This movie makes me laugh for a different reason every time I watch it . I enjoy the supporting characters the most . They are each interesting and wildly funny . I guarantee that you will laugh .
 ... and they will take care of you . `` An excellent comedy , Dodgeball , brings to the screen the story of a gym owner and his friends as they take part in the annual Dodgeball tournament in order to win 50,000 dollars and save their gym from a hostile takeover.Vince Vaughn , Ben Stiller , Christine Taylor , and the rest of the cast , have truly outdone themselves with their performances , which are outstanding to say the least ! All the actors , without exceptions , give it their 100 % and it really shows -LRB- the chemistry is AMAZING -RRB- ! There are also the guest appearances of actors such as William Shatner , Hank Azaria , Chuck Norris , and David Hasselhoff among others , who add a great deal to the overall enjoyment.Very well written and very well presented , it allows for a highly entertaining movie that can be watched over and over again!The pirate was a bit much , but the setting , the plot , the dialogues , the humor , and the music are all wonderful ! Quotes like `` Time to put your mouth where your balls are , '' says it all!Finally , the dvd 's Special Features are a `` must . '' The deleted scenes , the bloopers , and the alternative ending are so worth it!In short , Dodgeball is a movie definitely worth watching and one to seriously consider adding to your movie collection -LRB- if you have n't done so already -RRB- ! 4.5 Stars
 Ben Stiller and Vince Vaughn are on top of their game in this hilariously entertaining comedy . The premise has Vaughn facing eviction from his local run-down gym ` Average Joes ' if he ca n't come up with $ 50,000 . Across the street is ` Average Joes ' nightmare ` Globo-Gym ' run by the hilarious Ben Stiller . Vaughn and his team of losers including a nerd , a pirate , and man who seems to have down syndrum and a teen with girl issues , not to mention the girl the banks sent to repo his place of business -LRB- Taylor -RRB- , deside to enter a dodgeball championship in order to win the money , which brings them to a final showdown with ` Globo-Gym ' . They enlist the help of Patches O'Houlihan -LRB- Rip Torn -RRB- , a master of the dodgeball . Rip is hilarious is every scene , with one liners like the one I used for my title that will keep you laughing harder and harder . From start to finish this is one film that will keep you rolling ... it 's freaking hilarious . Ben Stiller proves he is box-office gold and comedic genius !
 Hilarious!I have never laughed so much at a movie . It is ridiculously hilarious ! The cast should be in every movie together ! There are so many pee in your pants hilarious scenes . The entire cast is so original and creative ! Excellent choice for any film fan!if you like those silly cory funny movies this is for you
 In many ways , `` Dodgeball '' is exactly what you think it 's going to be
 `` Dodgeball '' is something from left field on more than one count , and something quite new for Ben Stiller . Neeedless to say , I laughed until I nearly saw lunch again , and laughed some more.The plot is pretty simple
 I had no idea what this movie was really about . However , I love Ben Stiller and Christine Taylor -LRB- husband/wife -RRB- so I got it . It was better than I thought it would be , and very , very funny . Yeah , it was a little predictable , but it had some very interesting plot twists that popped up throughout the movie . I was never bored watching it , and would recommend it to someone who is looking for something light to watch while unwinding after a hectic day .
 This movie has a ton of laugh out loud moments in it . `` If you can dodge a wrench , you can dodge a ball ! '' . It 's a bit crass and random at times , but overall I found myself laughing a lot more than I was feeling offended.I love that this movie has Milton and Bill Lumbergh from Office Space in it . Other appearances in this movie are made by : - Jason Bateman -LRB- he plays the Dodgeball commentator on ESPN 8
 Funny movie . Christine Taylor kissing that girl was sweet . Christine Taylor , Scarlett Chorvat , Julie Gonzalo , and Missi Pyle are hot .
 funniest movie ive seen in a long time . this movie is very funny . ive watched it three times and have laughed each time i watched it . definitely should be part of your collection .
 funny but a little stagnant at few times but altogether hilarious you have got to see Ben Stiller 's hair and pump
 This is another movie I had already seen before I bought the DVD . So , my only real review is that of the condition of the DVD , which is just fine .
 Awesome comedy movie ! Love the line &#34; Nobody makes me bleed my own blood ! &#34; A must for all comedy lovers ! Ben Stiller and Vince Vaughn make the movie hillarious !
 This movie is really funny & A real good watch . If you have n't seen it then this is one you will enjoy .
 Some people might slam this movie as pointless or having no real plot , but that 's what I like about it . It 's a spoof of professional sports with some solid actors -LRB- Vince Vaughn and Ben stiller , for example -RRB- and instead of focusing on an actual professional sport , they focus on dodgeball . I 'm sure most if not all of us have played dodgeball as children and can remember how much fun we had , so this movie is bound to bring back memories -LRB- as well as spoofing the game -RRB- Overall enjoyable and funny movie .
 Ok , very funny movie . Quite a bit of language from Rip Torn , although it 's funny/embarrasing . I do n't think the Unrated version is any better than the other cut . So what ever 's cheaper .
 In true spirit of David vs. Goliath , Dodge ball is a play-by-the-book story about the little guys overcoming big odds and coming out on top . Normally this kind of plot line could be a pit fall for clich&eacute;s and highly predictable setups , but thankfully this movie is in the hands of a skilled director and fronted by likable and funny performers.Rawson Marshall Thurber writes and directs a highly entertaining , low brow , feel good story that utilizes a game most of us played in our youth . When I played we called it Warball , but it was generally the same . In the movie , the plot basically follows a charismatic , likeable slacker Peter LaFleur -LRB- Vince Vaghn -RRB- who owns a lackluster gym called Average Joe 's . Financially he 's in over his head , and he does n't really care . He 's smart and capable , but unmotivated and lacks the confidence . He 's facing bankruptcy , foreclosure and a buyout from the big franchise Globo Gym , run by the feather haired , Fu-manchu sporting narcissist White Goodman -LRB- played well over the top by Ben Stiller , but certainly one of his funniest roles -RRB- . Lafleur and a misfit group of his gym members decide to enter the professional Dodge ball circuit and go to Las Vegas to win the money needed to keep their gym open.Enter Kate Veatch -LRB- Christine Taylor , Stiller 's real life wife -RRB- as the bank rep who is pursued by Goodman but finds herself drawn to Peter . So much so she joins his group of underachievers in the competitions , baring a softball pitch cannon of an arm.After a hilarious regional bout with a group a girl scout-like opponents , the group find themselves on their way to Vegas with a chance to prove themselves and win the cash . The dodge ball bouts are definitely the highlight of the movie . Anyone who has seen the ` Terry Tate
 While not one of my favorite Ben Stiller movies , it definitely was funny . I enjoyed the comic oddity scenes , with many freaks , and geeks . I thought the whole idea of Professional Dodgeball , was pretty hilarious . Does this even exist ? I hear you ca n't play it on school grounds anymore , but maybe that 's just a rumor.I loved the characters in this one , as well as the main characters . The `` Marcia Bradey '' look-a-like was also nice . Too bad she did n't have any nude scenes . I could have continued my adolescent male fantasies into modern time . But I 'm sure you do n't want to read about that.The last segment , where Ben Stiller was dancing to `` My Milkshakes '' was worth the price of admission . It really was extremely funny.I suggest you buy or rent this immediately.MC White said
 Though not a classic in terms of Hollywood comedies , Dodgeball does have its moments . The performances -LRB- with the exception of the brilliant Justin Long and superb Christine Taylor -RRB- sometimes get over the top and so stereotypical they 're unbelievable -- but the film 's many comedic points keep most of those elements out of mind . Regardless of its obvious flaws Dodgeball is an entertaining and at times inspirational film .
 ` DodgeBall ' , the DVD explores most prejudices with cameo roles : e.g. -LRB- Lance Armstrong and Chuck Norris -RRB- ... Although it `` adds '' teen and adolescent as `` part of the `` cast of 1,000 '' , It has scenes with teens -LRB- cheerleaders -RRB- and children -LRB- encouraging them to be `` fit ' -RRB- but it has to be rated `` Adult '' , due to its language content , a reference to bisexuality , obesity and generally raunchy scenes . . interestingly enough it has a moral : `` sometimes all that can go wrong does n't stop the underdog from winning '' ; Vince Vaughn does well as the `` straight guy '' and Ben Stiller * does `` carry the movie '' with assurance to the viewers that with his * `` M.O. '' , he ca n't be the victor at the story 's ending.In fact , after the movie credits , he * gets the `` last pitch '' on `` Are the audience happy that the `` good guy won '' ? .
 This movie was really silly , but I thought it was quite watchable . I was impressed actually . I would n't mind watching it again . Usually I do n't like Ben Stiller movies , but I laughed at some of the stuff he did in this one . I guess it may be because I respect antagonists more than protagonists.The plot in this movie does n't matter much . No one cares about it . This movie is for nothing but cheap laughs . Fortunately the cheap laughs are n't limited to endless shots of people getting hit in the groin . There 's a whole variety of goofy humor . My favorite part is the black and white short film on Dodgeball they watch.Sometimes the humor gets a bit silly though . There 's a guy who walks around in the film dressed as a pirate for no reason at all . I thought the whole pirate thing was the worst part of the movie . Still , it was n't enough to tarnish the entire work.I 'd recommend checking this out for a rental . Laugh at some parts and not at others . Go with the flow .
 Funniest movie I seen in awhile.I would buy it ASAP.But not for 22 bucks.I mean come on now.Half of the movies that get released are n't worth 20 or more dollars.This movie should be marked down to like 15 to 17 dollars .
 I wo n't repeat what many other people who liked this movie have said . That 's why I 'm giving it 5 stars . What I will mention is the fact that as soon as I put this Blu-ray movie in my Blu-Ray player , the menu loaded fine but selecting `` play movie '' , `` scene selection '' , or `` special features '' I was greeted with a blank tv scene . It would n't play at all no matter how long I waited or repeatedly tried to reload the disc .
 Saw this movie while bouncing along the jet stream on an Airbus from Paris to Hong Kong . The thoughtful designers of the latest Airbus give even us peons in coach our own screen . Therefore I saw this as a long-term Fearful Flyer -LRB- with the additional * frisson * that we flew over the very scary border between Iraq and Iran -RRB- . It is to this film 's credit that it took my mind over my completely hypothetical sorrows.On a deep level , this movie is a powerful social critique of an America in which -LRB- 1 -RRB- no-one ever really `` grew up '' and -LRB- 2 -RRB- the most retrograde and barbaric high-school pecking orders remain as a result.Ben Stiller plays what the Yuppie has become , a complete a-hole of the sort that has littered Mt Everest with detritus as members of this caste `` achieve '' the Dream by trashing the roof of the world.He is confronted by the left behind , a lost America of love in which people ate a plate of ham and eggs and looked out the window.One knows that a neo-Capraesque resolution is more or less fore-ordained and one watches with pleasure as it is jokingly arrived at.The film makes a joke of the Hitler Jugend culture which pervades America while not speaking its name , a culture of systematic sexual and racial humiliation which uses organized sports mostly to make people feel terrible about themselves.The next step would be a remake of the Loneliness of the Long Distance Runner but the `` serious sports '' genre died out in the 1970s to be replaced by movies in which the `` loser '' does n't get so much as to set himself apart -LRB- as does the runner -RRB- but is essentially co-opted , like Rocky , into the immortal System.To its credit , this movie makes the System a joke . But the next step would do far more violence to sensibilities than this .
 Oh this is a prize ! I have lived in Oregon for 30 years and never get tired of looking at our magnificent scenery.Wonderfully done .
 This is a nice video of two asian girls , one Chinese and the other Japanese . They are just really beautiful girls to look at . There are several scenes to select from the main menu , but each does not last very long . Also , I was a bit disappointed because the girls only show you with their tops off . But the bottom line is , `` did I think it was worth my money ? '' , Yes !
 I am a life long Uriah Heep fan & have been waiting for a live concert dvd to come out . This is it , U are a Heep fan or U would n't be reading this . I thought the song selection was good , the band was tight , I just do n't have any complaints about this dvd . I 'm glad it included Lee Kerslake before he left the band . I would like to see a newer concert though as Lee 's replacement is a great drummer too . I do n't write long reviews so if U are a `` Heepster '' then buy it .
 This concert shows thas the magic of music does not rely on who is playing . If the music is performed by great musicians , it does n't matter if they are 20 or 60 years old . You are sure to be captured and carried away . And this is what happens here . Enjoy my friend , again and again .
 ... . looking for great rock . And , oh boy , did I find it at London 's Astoria!Thijs van Leer 's legendary Focus was a magnificent support act -LRB- Eruption and Hocus Pocus being genuinely stunning -RRB- , keeping the capacity crowd more than happy for 90 minutes . Then the Heepsters took to the stage to thunderous applause . If the tight and powerful renditions of Easy Livin ' and Shadows of Grief warmed up the already ecstatic fans , the absolutely blistering Pilgrim -LRB- a very underrated Heep classic that does n't get enough outings -RRB- totally blew us away ! Mick 's screaming guitar , Bernie 's wild vocals and Lee 's military-marching rhythms coming together perfectly in an absolutely unmissable performance that sent shivers down your spine . The gutsy , hard-edged Bad Bad Man and Devil 's Daughter kept the adrenaline going in fine style . The acoustic set that dominates the middle of the show then gave us a chance to get our breath back , the highlight being a sensitive but powerful version of The Wizard . Spirited renditions of Stealin ' , Been Away too Long and Cry Freedom build up to the seminal July Morning which , believe me , has never sounded better ! The guys still hammer out this classic with such enthusiasm and obvious enjoyment that it still sounds as fresh as the first time I heard it on Look at Yourself . Trevor Bolder in particular excelled himself with some almost miraculous bass work . Mick was clearly enjoying himself no end and entertained us with all the great axeman tricks he has made his own - playing above his head and holding that long-loooong note before blowing it out . Lady in Black - a great singalong as ever , closed this remarkable concert , which is one of the best I have ever been to in all the long years I 've been into rock.A few comments on the DVD presentation . Strangely , the default audio setting appears to be a Dolby surround sound option that only produces silence on my system . I had to go to the audio link -LRB- a tiny option tucked away on the bottom right of the menu -RRB- and select basic stereo to get any sound . Stereo separation was good though , with Mick 's screaming guitar assaulting you from the left , Bernie and Lee centre stage and Phil & Trevor over on the right . I found the sound did need a little bass boost though . Picture quality is absolutely pin-sharp throughout . The camera angles do flit around rather a lot , but not enough to ruin my enjoyment . My main disappointment is that the Magician 's Birthday , including Mick 's show-stopping guitar solo , is bizarrely absent from the DVD . I do n't know if this has anything to do with the rather nasty strobe effect the lighting guys chose to employ througout Mick 's virtuoso performance , but the absence of this track is a big disappointment . Furthermore , it is a shame that most of Bernie 's and Mick 's banter with the fans between songs has also been cut out . No extras of any kind on the DVD is a bit of a shame too , but let 's not get too picky eh ? What music fan could grumble at 90 minutes of such sublime rock?So 6 stars for the Heep 's great music and maybe 4 for this DVD presentation , equates to a rating of 5 overall in my book . Whatever , I just HAD to buy this!When the camera pans around to the left during Stealin ' you can see me -LRB- tall guy in the denim -RRB- and my son , who enjoyed it every bit as much as I did.This is a great souvenir of a great night and , I 'll certainly be there for the 2004 party at Shepherd 's Bush Empire !
 I love this movie , always have , , took my watching and waiting for to to come back in stock !! good quality , and amazingly a good `` family '' movie , , no bad language , and average situiations for teens , very good `` flashback '' movie !
 I can not watch this movie without crying , endlessly . It really makes you realize that you should live for the moment . It makes you extremely nostalgic to the point of tears ... tears ... and more tears ... almost depressing after a while ... If you want a good cry , rent this ...
 This is a GREAT movie that the whole family can watch and enjoy . It is an older movie , so it actually has a real vocabulary , INSTEAD of a bunch of foul language ! Anyone who grew up in the 50 's ,60 's will find it especially endearing . Seeing all the old cars , the way people lived back then , etc. . . There are a few great lessons of life in this Movie .
 They dont make movies like this anymore , movies that entertain , makes youlaugh , great characters , and like any good movies , it becomes a multipleviewing feature . I view this film at least once a year , and its alwaysenjoyable.Nicholas Cage portrays a 50 's type teenager and has this squeeky voice , and Kathleen Turner does a great job as the actress that is sent to the past to review events related to her life.I wont tell you any details , but i do recomment this movie a lot .
 i have been looking for this dvd for a few years -LRB- i was told it would not be produced again -RRB- what a great find !
 This movie is a classic , especially for Nicholas Cage as Peggy Sue 's boyfriend/husband . Kathleen Turner is also excellent as Peggy Sue . The movie gives Peggy Sue an opportunity to go back in time to her high school days and see how she would change things from her past if given the chance . I 'm sure each of us at one time or another has thought about how life could have been different . There is also some great humor in this movie .
 This is not the first time I 've ordered a movie . The shipment arrived in a timely manner . The quality of the DVD is excellent .
 I have stopped counting the number of times that I have seen this film . I will always return to it over and over again . It is a great movie to watch when it is simply a lazy day or a rainy day . A very enjoyable movie ... And it has a very young Jim Carey in it !
 This is one of the best movies I have ever seen!If possible I would give this movie as many stars as I could . It has a special way of combining drama with comedy to make one of the best movies ever made ! Buy this movie and you 're guaranteed a great time over and over again.Definetly Coppola 's best !
 This movie is funny , while it is romantic . Nicholas Cage 's performance is truly hilarious . With stars like Nick Cage , Kathleen Turner , Joan Allen , and Jim Carrey you know you ca n't go wrong .
 Do n't look at current Kathleen Turner photos -- she 's aged . In the 1980 's she was one of the most gorgeous of the Hollywood starlets.This movie is a classic . For those , like me , who graduated H.S. in the 1960 's -- the story rings true . The subtleties and the references to current society -LRB- 1980 's -RRB- when the movie was made -- to the 21st century -- are true and real!Don ' t be fooled . This movie is deep and thought provoking . One viewing may not reveal this . Notice the underlying humor ; notice the subtle puns -- when Kathleen Turner laughs about the glory of the Edsel -LRB- great then in 1960 but an ultimate failure for Ford Motor Company -RRB- . The cool guy at H.S. in the 1960 's ended up working as an assistant manager at Burger King , and the Nerd became , well ... Bill Gates . That 's real world -- let 's face it ; the fact that Kathleen Turner ends up favoring the `` Cool guy '' after sifting through all the H.S. phoniness is ironic -- but realistic.The fact is that the phonies and `` Cool Jerks '' then did n't realize they were `` jerks '' of `` phonies '' and in fact many did become truly cool and humble adults . People do change . Francis Coppola 's genius is that he did see beyond the stereotype of `` frozen in time '' personas and did make a great , insightful film . This greatly underrated film -LRB- although recognized as a very good film -RRB- deserves another look . For Kathleen Turner and 1960 's film buffs , this is a ` must see ' movie .
 I like the way Turner and Cage change from young to older . It is interesting to watch . Sit baxk and ENJOY !!!!!
 This is one of my favorite movies ever ! I saw it for the first time this year on tv , and I loved it so much I just had to buy it ! I love movies where people go back in time to when they were younger . Plus , I 'm a HUGE Nicolas Cage fan , so that also adds to why I love it so much . I mean , it is a little unbelievable that Peggy Sue & Jack are in high school because they look a lot older , but I still love it . Also , Nicolas Cage 's voice is really weird in this movie-kinda nasally sounding . But I read somewhere that he made his voice like that on purpose . I 'm a also a big fan of 50s anything , so I think the music and setting of this movie are great !
 Have n't seen this since the early 90 's but I got it for my girl and we watched it together . Still a great movie . Cage is awesome with the fake teeth and blond hair . The shocking scene to me was the `` adult '' Catherine Hicks and Jim Carrey doing lines of coke at the reunion . Great flick
 Takes me back to the 80 's ! Love seeing Nick Cage so young - along with Jim Carrey . Great to think `` What if ... ''
 `` Peggy Sue Got Married '' is a classic . It is a great , funny and cute film . Who would have thought that Coppola could produce something as good as this and do it successfully . Peggy Sue is going to her high school reunion . She hits her head and revisits her high school days . Peggy Sue has a choice , travel the once traveled path -LRB- get pregnant young and end in a broken marriage -RRB- or take the alternate route . Will she follow her heart or her head ? Will she rediscover love ? This is a great film . Kathleen Turner is great in it as the too - mature - for - her - age - because - she - has - already - lived - it-teenager and Nicholas Cage is great at playing the brainless , funny and just about confused teenager and adult . This is one of the only Nicholas Cage movies I like . The film is succeeds because it has great character development and a very well carried out storyline . It is a movie that is good to this day .
 Ok , let me start off by saying that I definately feel that Peggy Sue Got Married is your classic `` chick flick '' . It has all the elements that women love , and men ca n't understand.Peggy Sue is divorced from her high school sweetheart Charlie , and is very unhappy , but finds herself going with her daughter to her high school reunion anyways . She faints and when she wakes up she is back in high school in 1960 ! She keeps trying to break up with Charlie , since she knows how their future ends up ; but Charlie refuses -LRB- how romantic -RRB- . All in all she remembers why it was that she loved Charlie , and realizes that no matter what they are destined to be together . When she returns to the present Charlie is there and apologizes for everything they have been through and wants to try to work things out.This is one of the best endings to a movie . Her going back in time did n't change anything , but made her realize that she and Charlie belong together . It does n't erase everything they have gone through , but when she wakes up she is ready to try again , as is Charlie . It did n't magically erase their life and trials and create some fake happy-go-lucky , corny ending ... but gave a -LRB- somewhat . . -RRB- realistic ending.An excellent , excellent movie !!
 This is one of the very best things I have ever seen Kathleen Turner and Nicholas Cage in . Peggy Sue Got Married is a romantic time traveling twist on that point in all of our lives when we have one of those `` if only I knew then what I know now '' moments . In Peggy Sue 's case , that second chance happens at her high school reunion . Can she change things ? Is her fate out of her hands ? Watch this charming , funny and poignant little movie to find out . And the mucic is really good , too .
 Peggy Sue Got Married starring Kathleen Turner is a film I absolutely loved as a young girl . Turner is flawless and so vulnerable as the title character , no one else could have pulled off such a real and touching performance . Nicholas Cage is superb as well , his voice is so funny in this one , you have to hear to believe it . This sweet romantic drama was directed by Francis Ford Coppola and look for his real-life daughter Sofia Coppola as Turner 's younger sister . This film is a must-have , you will enjoy it .
 Think of all the choices now in the `` permanent consequence '' folder that you can alter forever ! I loved this film about a woman sent back 25 years to her senior year in high school where she was homecoming queen . Knowing all you know will be ... Peggy Sue finds her emotions cause her to make the same choices over again ! Maybe there is some wisdom is not being able to go through a time machine . Things do happen for a reason .
 There is irony here ; Peggy Sue goes back , but so do you . Remember we are in 2005 , and this Eigthies ' movie had turned itself into a classic , a classical Coppola 's movie . I love his yellows , his browns , his dim lighted ambiance . And above all
 This was the first movie I ever saw with Nicolas Cage i it and I fell in love . The movie is great . I love stories about people goign back in time . This movie is a wonderful to say several young acters and actresses in what is probably some of their first films .
 This movie besides its stars Kathleen Turner , Nicholas Cage , Jim Carrey and Helen Hunt among others , has the realistic viewof the 50 's from the great cars and music to the houses and furniture inside them . The movie shines in all these aspects . To escape into the 50 's like this is a real treat to the watcher . You do n't have to look at your watch while this movie is showing , because you do n't want it to end .
 This is a wonderful movie . What person would n't want to `` go back , knowing then what they know now '' .
 Ever since the first time I saw this film I have been encapsulated by the powers which peggy possessed . I would be extreamly grateful to recieve any comment you have on , in my opinion , the best film of all time . So to all you peggy admirers get writting I 'd love to hear you 're comments . '' Feed Me '' Thanks from Lynne Parker
 A teenage fantasy for sure . I would go to more class reunions if they were like this.A fun movie .
 Kathleen Turner gives an enchanting performance in Francis Ford Coppola 's delightful `` what if ? '' fable PEGGY SUE GOT MARRIED.Peggy Sue -LRB- Turner -RRB- is a disillusioned woman when she attends her high school reunion . Having just divorced her high school sweetheart -LRB- Nicolas Cage -RRB- , and life , it seems , ca n't get worse . Faced with her old self , the old `` if I knew then what I know now '' idea comes into play , and when she is crowned Queen of the Reunion , she suddenly collapses and awakens as her teenaged self , back in high school.Peggy both relishes and reviles the new choices she makes in her old life . Barbara Harris -LRB- FREAKY FRIDAY , FAMILY PLOT -RRB- has an all-too-brief role as Peggy 's mother , and Catherine Hicks -LRB- TV 's `` 7th Heaven '' -RRB- is luminous.The DVD includes the trailer .
 Ante todo quiero decir que hice el pedido de la pel&iacute;cula Peggy Sue Got Married y me lleg&oacute; en menor tiempo de lo previsto , a lo 13 d&iacute;as ; lleg&oacute; en perfecto estado , todo lo relacionado a la compra result&oacute; muy bien y qued&eacute; muy contenta con Amaz&oacute;n , fue la primera vez que compr&eacute; aqu&iacute; . En cuanto a la pel&iacute;cula la considero emotiva por el hecho del retroceso en el tiempo y la oportunidad de volver a vivir las experiencias de la adolescencia , quien no quisiera pasar por algo as&iacute; y poder corregir algunas cosas que no se hicieron bien en el camino ? Esta pel&iacute;cula es tambi&eacute;n entretenida , me encanta la secuencia en la que cantan Nicolas Cage y Jim Carrey con los otros muchachos y es gracioso y agradable verlos tan j&oacute;venes . Los que gustan de &eacute;ste tipo de pel&iacute;culas y quienes gozan viendo a sus actores favoritos en sus primeros trabajos , creo que la disfrutar&aacute;n ! LA RECOMIENDO !!!
 I have another friend who wanted this movie and could not find it and asked me to look to see if I could get it . She explained the movie to me so I knew what to look for and the details of the movie and the listing that was given when I ordered it was great . and I received it very quickly .
 Peggy Sue got Married is a great film . It touches us all , because everyone has a memory of what their life was when they were kids that is -LRB- usually unrealistically -RRB- pleasant . We tend to toss out the bad memories and hold on to those that were good ones , or we embellish them with our fantasy of the way it should have been . It is kind of like going to heaven and being able to live our life over again the way we would have liked to in the first place . This is the feeling I got from the movie . `` Browsing the past and taking with us only the best parts '' -LRB- or something like that -RRB- as Peggy 's grandmother said to her . It is a fantasy that would be very wonderful when we do die . Maybe God will give us a chance to live in a world that exhilirates us rather than the sometimes unpleasant one we have to live with .
 Watching this movie made me wish I could go back in time and fix my life . This movie is funny and my daughter enjoys it .
 I have added it to my list of movies to make me smile when when the world is most challenging - The American President , While You Were Sleeping , Sleepless in Seattle , You 've Got Mail , Splash , Father of the Bride and many other heart warmers . This movie takes you back . It historically captures the times of the Baby Boomer 's Mom and Dad 's highschool graduation . It also allows you to happily close your eyes and imagine the possibility of seeing , speaking with and hugging those you 've lost over the decades . The story is very tender , endearing and sensitive . I was surprised when I saw that it was directed by Francis Ford Coppola -LRB- who also owns my favorite Napa vineyard , Neibaum-Coppola , where my favorite Merlot is produced -RRB- . There is no darkness , violence or eeriness . Only light joy , touching moments and the meaning of family . What would you do differently , if you had another chance ?
 A tantalizing performance by Kathleen Turner . Anyone with a soul sometimes wants to go back in life to discover the great '' what if '' In this film Peggy Sue gets that chance to possibly change her life by going back . . there!Turner pulls it all off in grand style . The realities she learns are not as profound as she might think they are . Nevertheless , viewing this film might provoke a '' thought '' journey because its done so well and with care . Watch for Leon Ames and other older stars.Written by Jerry Leichtling and Arlene Sarner .
 Wow this is an amazing movie ! I saw this at Best Buy in the COMEDY section ! This can not be a comedy . Whoever put that there probably has never seen this movie before . I do agree it does look a lot like a comedy movie but it sure a heck isnt ! I got this movie from amazon for Jim Carrey . But he was hardly in it that is my only complaint . When I put this movie in I thought that I was going to see an enjoyable Romantic Comedy . But I didnt I saw something better . This movie is a drama nthere is no question about that . But there are some funny moments here and there but I mean Forest Gump was funnier than this ! Kathleen Turner was very good in this . Nicholas Cag was o.k. . What is wrong with his voice ?! Its all messed up it sounds like he has a stuffy nose the whole movie ! This is one of the best movies that I have ever seen ! HIghly reccomended ! I am going to watch it tommorow !
 Kathleen Turner was probably a tad old for this role , but she did a great job . What a fun and entertaining movie .
 Always loved this movie , and it is hardly ever on t.v , so for the price I could n't go wrong with this purchase
 peggy sue is a great movie it came right away and was brand new just like it said I did n't pay that much for it either which it the great thing about it
 William Butler Yeats : When You Are OldWhen you are old and grey and full of sleep , And nodding by the fire , take down this book , And slowly read , and dream of the soft lookYour eyes had once , and of their shadows deep ; How many loved your moments of glad grace , And loved your beauty with love false or true , But one man loved the pilgrim Soul in you , And loved the sorrows of your changing face ; And bending down beside the glowing bars , Murmur , a little sadly , how Love fledAnd paced upon the mountains overheadAnd hid his face amid a crowd of stars.That comes from a scene where Peggy Sue -LRB- Kathleen Turner -RRB- is talking to a poet Michael Fitzsimmons -LRB- Kevin J. O'Connor -RRB- while she is visiting her high school years . The scene is one of my favorite movie scenes ever and I feel that the movie itself is a timeless piece of cinema . Look out for performances from Jim Carrey , Nicholas Cage , Hellen Hunt , and a young Sofia Copola -LRB- director of Lost in Translation , Virgin Suicides -RRB- as Peggy 's bratty kid sister -LRB- is there another kind ? -RRB- Great musical score . And this is the one flick guranteed to make me tear up everytime .
 I consider Francis Coppola as one of the five best directors of the last 30 years . Even in his less successful movies , there is still the sparkle of the genius . And ONE FROM THE HEART which was a huge flop , critical and popular , is , in my opinion , a masterpiece , along with APOCALYPSE NOW and THE GODFATHER , part I , II and III.Now why would Francis Coppola be interested in the screenplay of PEGGY SUE GOT MARRIED , a light and nostalgic comedy about life and its disenchantments ? Perhaps the subject touched him because of the recent fall of Zoetrope Studios which , at this time , was falling apart with Coppola 's dreams and money . In this perspective , PEGGY SUE GOT MARRIED is a formidable statement of a bleeding director
 This movie does have some flaws but due to Kathleen Turner 's performance it merits 4 stars . This role was originally supposed to go to that other great actress , who deserves better , Debra Winger . But Turner is brilliant . She actually becomes a teen again but in the same body and that is a real challenge that she was up to . Watch for early roles of Helen Hunt , Joan Allen and Jim Carrey . Turner was very deserving of a Best Actress Nomination -LRB- one she should have got for Romancing the Stone AND Serial Mom -RRB- . I pray that great actresses like Turner and Winger get great roles NOW and not in crap like they have been offered in the past few years . Anyway the DVD of Peggy Sue is totally worthy of purchasing .
 First , I ca n't believe how shallow , misinformed , obtuse and insensitive Tom Keogh 's editorial review is . `` Peggy Sue Got Married '' is a wonderful , funny , heartfelt and somewhat haunting story about how the ghosts of high school affect us throughout our lives.Kathleen Turner 's performance , as a woman who time-travels back to her last year of high school , is nothing short of a brilliant . It 's a physical marvel - the way Turner transforms , through her subtle facial gestures and mannerisms , back into the body of a teenager . Faced with the awesome possibility of being able to relive high school , knowing what she knows now , Peggy Sue behaves like anyone would given the chance . What would you say to your grandmother , now dead ? What about the boy you 're going to marry , and who you later divorce?The movie is very touching , and also very funny , and is definitely the last great film that Francis Ford Coppola made . Coppola was , by 1986 , in a very tumultuous period in his career - wasting his time developing cinematic technology and experimental narratives that derailed his career . With `` Peggy Sue Got Married , '' Coppola had a great story , a great actress , and he simply decided to make a great film . `` Peggy Sue Got Married '' is one of the best films of mid-1980s .
 This is a suprisingly poignant , genuine , affecting movie and head and shoulders above the over-rated ` Back to the Future ' . -LRB- Probably because the heroine was alive in the time period she returns to and this gives that time period much greater poignancy , not to mention relevance , than the reliably annoying Michael J. Fox gives to his parent 's era . The latter makes mid-50 's people seem like idiots because he was n't born then and clearly knew nothing about those times . I did n't find that dissonance oddly charming or whatever it was supposed to be - just annoying as hell AND PAINFUL to watch . Alot of the characters in that movie were weird , as in unreal , not just strange , and the movie depended on this weirdness for its content , not to mention its -LRB- questionable -RRB- entertainment value.Peggy Sue is a smooth-flowing exploration of the early 60 's from the perspective of the mid 80 's combined with teenage experiences from the perspective of a middle-aged mother . This movie has alot of fine moments , as when Kathleen Turner talks to her grandmother on the phone who was deceased in the present time . I 've never seen any other time travel movie that makes you gulp like that . Kathleen Turner is great , as are all the supporting actors . Nicholas Cage over-acts and does n't seem plausible -LRB- in real life he was n't actually born in 1960 and had no feelings for it and actually acted like it was more like 1957 with the hair style and antics -RRB- , but I guess with his uncle directing it , all that acting was unavoidable . He could n't ruin this movie but it would have been even better with a more plausible , subtle , even more `` square '' guy . I really liked the nerdy genius accomplice and the beatnik boyfriend , as these people are certifiably genuine early 1960 's people . The Mom , the Dad , the sister , the girlfriends - who was n't good?This movie is a straight-down-the-middle time trip for baby-boomers and it takes you out of the park . It 's filled with pleasing and facile scenes . It is very well-directed and effortless in capturing its goal .
 This an excellent film to watch primarily bacause all the cast members , including Coppola 's daughter who plays Sue 's sister in the movie , did a super job of acting their parts . I understand that Miss Kathleen Turner did not want Mr. Cage to be her co-star ; however , Coppola wisely insisted that his nephew play the roll Some reviews are critical of Mr. Cage 's performance ; on the contrary , he does capture the part of that type of kid . I knew several fellas like him when I went to high school in the 40 's . With the exception of one scene in which Miss Turner sexually get 's involved with the student poet , the entire family can watch the film without being embarrassed . I feel Peggy Sue Got Married will be appreciated in the future like many of us now appreciate `` It Happened One Night '' with Cable and Colbert . `` It Happened One Night , '' with Cable and Colbert .
 Peggy Sue is a bored , unhappy middle-aged mother whose marriage to Charlie Bodell , her childhood sweetheart , is on the rocks . At a high school reunion Peggy Sue collapses and wakes to find she has somehow been transported back to her teen years . As she gets over the initial shock she realises she has the chance to relive her life and maybe make some drastic changes . She also realises she can change the lives of those around her , such as when she encourages one class mate to invent panty-hose and encourages others to invest in things she knows will succeed in the future . Of course those around Peggy Sue are confused by her newly serious nature , particularly Charlie who can not understand why she is so cool toward him.Directed by Francis Ford Coppola , the film stars Nicholas Cage as Charlie and Kathleen Turner as Peggy Sue , and watch out for a very young Jim Carrey as Walter , a friend of the young couple . Although the lead actors play their parts well , and try to be believable as teenagers , the fact that they both look far to old to be teens does detract from the film a little . That aside , this is a heart-warming film with some very witty moments . It will make you laugh and cry in equal amounts and , although it looks a little dated now , it is still worth a look .
 I remember watching this at the movies and not ever wanting it to end . Back in the day , movie tickets were n't too expensive so I think I saw it 3 times there and rented it out on video when it came out about 50 times . It 's been about 12 years since I saw it until today , and it 's just as good and I still love it.Peggy Sue -LRB- Kathleen Turner -RRB- goes to her high school reunion and faints . Upon waking , she is back in school as if it were all those years ago again . I think for me , it was one of the first ` time travel ' movies I saw . It 's not especially funny or dramatic , but it 's really nice and warm and beautifully done . It also stars a very young Jim Carrey which is funny to look back on.This really is a cute movie and worth watching because there is good music in it -LRB- also a very nice score throughout -RRB- , familiar faces -LRB- Helen Hunt , Joan Allen and a young Nicholas Cage to name a few -RRB- and a good feeling to finish with . You 'll love it .
 I agree with one of the reviews that Coppola is the best director of the past thiry - forty years . I saw Peggy Sue when it first opened . I did n't appreciate it then . The musical score and the cinematography should let you know it 's basically not a comedy but a meditation . It is deep and poignant and I could watch it many times . It may be one of the undervalued films of all time .
 I have read all the reviews and they are mostly correct , so I will not go over territory covered . Nicholas Cage chose to sound like Gumby on purpose , much to the consternation of the rest of the cast I have read , but it was his uncle directing so it is what it is . All the other reviews are right -- this is a very good film . What they forget to mention , however , is the incredible set design . Every small detail seems perfect -- the houses , cars , knick-knacks , everything . Yes , the speakers in the basement scene are not yet invented -- too bad they were as they are among the worst speakers ever made -- but I believe a good bit of the charm of this film is the background . It sets the scenes and gives the actors an authentic backdrop for the story . Part of the enjoyment for those of us who lived then was the visual transcendence into the past that accompanied the script/plot . One reviewer got it right -- it sometimes brings a tear to your eye .
 generally good film , but you would expect it to be much better considering the producer was coppola . kathleen turner 's performance is solid , and she proved once again that she is a talented acress . episode when she wakes up at home n years back in her life is truly a masterpiece . what makes it bad is nicolas cage 's AWFUL -LRB- too bad i couldnt use larger font -RRB- acting , which is totally out of the context and totally inconsistent with film story . plot , although romantic , has holes big enough you can lead a herd of camels thru . so , just relax and enjoy . you may also be delighted to see helen hunt , who 11 years later will be the main female character in `` as good as it gets '' and jim carrey .
 it rock
 The product arrived early and was in better condition than stated by the seller . Would absolutely recommend this seller to others .
 This movie is good because Peggy finds herself 18 again.I rented this movie back in 1987 last year Tom and Joanna and I went to California and bought this movie at Sam Goody for 2.99 . Joanna is my ten year old daughter.She picked it out Joanna turned ten on September 1,1998 Joanna Tom and I watch it a lot .
 Watch it alllllllllll the time . Most enjoyable . I am an old lady so I can relate to it xxxx xxxxx
 I feel this movie is very funny and all actors did a great job all those years ago . It 's really is funny , BUT has some very sad moments . Going back for a second chance at things and or reliving parts of your life , seeing and interacting with people you have since lost ... well , that would be kind of emotional . Great movie in my book .
 THis movie is the perfect mix of a great story , excellent acting , and well directed.This is a movie to watch again and again .
 I love this movie is 1 of my best movies I 've ever seen Peggy Sue get good rating from me I love this movie .
 I have always liked this movie which I first saw as a kid . One of the co-stars is Catherine Hicks who fell off the face of the earth except for one other movie until she accepted the role as the mom on Seventh Heaven . Another co-star is Jim Carey . Everybody in this movie is good and its an excellent movie . You should get it .
 I bought this item as a gift for a friend who turned 70 ; it 's one of our favorite movies -LRB- our era -RRB- . It arrived on time and the packaging appeared to be in perfect condition . As to the quality of the DVD , I am unable to comment , as I did n't open the DVD sealed packaging due to it being a gift . Will assume it is great . I will update this review , if it turns out to be other than that .
 When I first saw Peggey Sue Got Married at the movie theatre , I really enjoyed it . I have been looking for this movie for some time now . Then I remembered Amazon , and to my surprise , there it was , waiting to be purchased . It is a shame , in my opinion , that this movie is never seen on television . I know if those television studios would just use there imagination and go to the vault , they would be amazed with all those wonderful movies from the 1980 's that are just sitting around , waiting to be shown . It would be refreshing to see , instead of all those repeated movies and marathons they keep showing . I mean in my opinion I think it is time to take off the air `` Angel '' and show something new . There are several old television programs from the 1970 's that have not been shown for a long time . Peggy Sue Got Married is to me a very neat and enjoyable movie .
 I grew up in the 60 's . Everyone wanted to get married and have babies . Then we grew up and figured it was a mistake until we realized what a best friend we had in our husbands and wives .
 I saw this when living in England . Its a very cute movie . I love Kathleen Turner and Nicolas Cage . Its cute watching Nicolas cage because he talks funny . I love the part when Peggy Sue and charlie care making out in the car `` Lets make love '' and Charlie acts like a silly school boy . The movie shows how diffrent teenagers were in the early '60s .
 Would definitely purchase more movies from this seller ! I had n't seen this movie since I was a little girl , and watching it brought back some good little memories !
 There are many things I like about this movie and all those reasons have been said before here . It 's so hard to find scripts today with even average mature adult dialogue out of the US industry . Whenever I watch it it 's always a treat to hear some great moments of dialogue that say so much with so few words and get you thinking if I was in there position revisiting my past ... would n't that be interesting?Some people do n't care for Nicolas ' performance , but again , he has some excellent dialogue with Peggy . What a great script sharing thoughts of mature people but in a more light hearted way instead of reality TV conflicts.Kathleen does give a great performance but so do others . Barbara Harris , Joan Allen -LRB- where I first took notice of this excellent actress -RRB- , Maureen O'Sullivan and then look for young Jim Carrey -LRB- not overplayed , overly comical , perfectly cast -RRB- and others.I would love to go back for a short visit my parents and grandparents and face what would I say to them knowing what I know now . This movie did that well without making it overly comical when say Marty goes back and visits his parents in Back to the Future . That 's not to criticize Back to the Future , different kind of movie and I loved those scenes . Peggy Sue Got Married is a warmer fuzzier approach to what could be sci-fi plot , time travel no less . It really let 's us know that we do change as we age , and sometimes that change results in a life that is incoherent with the past , especially the relationships we started with innocence and love , and precious honesty . How and why do we let go of that ? When is right ? When is a detriment ? That 's what Peggy comes to face , and perhaps she will find herself healed and renewed .
 Peggy Sue got Married , is a great movie , as long as you take it for what it is . It 's not a heavy movie , but 's it well though out , smart , charming and a pleasure to watch . I loved it , and I think Kathleen Turner was rad * I would love to go throughhigh school as peggy Sue re-lived it .
 The first time I saw `` Peggey Sue Got Married '' . . I fellin love with it!It will probably turn out to be a Classic ! Look howmany unknowns were in it and they are all Big Stars today . Kathleen Turner , Nicolas Cage , Helen Hunt , Jim Carrey and Joan Allen . Francis Ford Coppola is a brilliant director . He knew something about his nephew , Nicolas Cage , then , that we could n't see . . he is truly a great actor . I taped this movie from H.B.O. and it has finally worn out . . so now I have to purchase it ! HaHa !
 Had no idea that Francis Ford Copploa directed this . Saw it before but really did n't pay attention . A particular fantasy of mine , of lots of people , to go back to our youth , especially high school , and do it better or something . I 'm sure this film prompted the Back to the Future Films and others . The old cars , the clothes , kind of an expensive , goofy Hollywood remake of adolescent memories . The lesson
 I ca n't remember anybody who did n't like this movie when it came out just over 20 years ago . It was very popular , and justifiably so . It had a lot of charm to it and romance , comedy and time-travel seem to be a good mixture.Also , it had an intriguing premise and made us think about it . If you could go back in time , knowing what you know now , would you do it and what would you do ? I 'm not talking short periods like in `` Groundhog Day '' -LRB- which was done seven years after this film -RRB- but if you could do it ALL over , from a certain point , like high school . Anyway , it 's fun to think about.Nicholas Cage and Kathleen Turner were fun to watch . If you view this film today , be prepared to be shocked how young Cage - and Jim Carrey - look in here . Turner is n't so shocking only because today we do n't see her in films regularly as we do those two guys . In fact , Turner was a big star in the '80s and most people remember her looks from that period , beginning with `` Body Heat '' -LRB- 1981 -RRB- . She is the star of this film , too.When I last watched this , in the late 1990s , I found it was n't as good as I remembered , but it still has a lot of charm and sentiment to it . It helps to be fascinated by time travel , which I am.If you are a film buff , you 'll be shocked at all the familiar faces in this movie , from veteran actors like John Carradine to a young Helen Hunt . Check out the names in this cast ! If you have n't seen this film , you owe it to yourself . I 'm not saying it 's terrific , but it 's definitely worth your while not just for the actors but the thought-provoking subject matter .
 I love this movie ... I love it because it lets me go back to ` visit ' my Grandmother , who I miss every day of my life . But when I am watching this movie , I am somehow with her again , even if only for a few moments . It also lets me be a ` kid ' again ... remembering a time long gone by , but never quite forgotten . For me , this is a movie sprinkled with tears but rich with wonderful memories of yesterday . Let 's face it , we all would love to go back to a previous time and place , even if just for a moment . This movie is the next best thing .
 We wore out our VHS copy so we ordered in DVD . Great movie , we watch it every few months . If you 've never seen it , rent it , then you 'll buy it .
 `` Peggy Sue Got Married '' is about a woman , who recently learns of her successful husband 's philandering ways . She goes to her high school reunion wearing a 60 's outfit and when she sees her estranged husband at the reunion and she 's voted `` Prom Queen '' at her reunion , then she faints only to awake back in the 1960 's ! Everything is back as it was . This time she has a chance to change her future . Only to realize that maybe trying to change her future is n't such a good thing , after all.It 's a poignant and witty film that allows you to fantasize about `` What if ... '' I would have done such and such , then what would have happened?To find out exactly just what happens in this exciting and entertaining film with a wonderful soundtrack , then I highly suggest you rent or buy this 80 's classic today!You 'll be glad you did because the quotes are witty , too!Highly recommended for anyone and everyone ; although , it does slightly touch on death , so it might be recommended for those children under 13 .
 Peggy Sue Got Married is one of Francis Coppola 's better projects and I came away from the film wishing I had lived through the 1960 's . The big question is `` what if '' we could go back in time and have a chance to make our decisions over again . Would we choose to do things the same way or differently?Even though Peggy Sue wants to change things , she finds that she ca n't -LRB- or is unable to -RRB- but getting a second perspective on her relationship with her then-boyfriend changes how she views her marriage at the end of the film.While I was n't born until the late-1970 's , I constantly heard stories when I was a kid about the close-knit feeling of families and neighborhoods back then . I ca n't envision being able to live in a house where you did n't have to lock your front door at night , although that 's what I keep hearing from Baby Boomers -LRB- and even what 's left of older people -RRB- to this day.It 's cool catching this movie on TV . It gives people my age -LRB- and younger -RRB- a glimpse into how things were `` back in the day '' when being into your family -LRB- parents , grandparents , etc. -RRB- was a part of everyday life .
 I first saw it when I was 8 and there 're a lot of things I did n't understand about adult situation . Watching it again last week , I believe Peggy Sue has potential to change people 's lives.We all wish we could turn back time but that 's just impossible.So the best we can do is let 's make every day counts.Start with buying this wonderful movie !
 I loved this blast from the past . Nicholas Cage is great in this movie and I watched it twice in a row . Great for something to do .
 Great service . Purchased this for my niece who LOVED this movie when it first came out . She was very surprised and happy to receive it .
 Enjoyed it ! DVD played with no problem on my player . Good movie with a great cast . Kathleen Turner really rocked it .
 it was a really good show , and i recieved it fast it was packaged very well , a movie the whole family could watch
 One of the great movies of the 80 's . Saw this about 20 years ago , and when I saw it again it was just as good as the first time . This movie does not age , as many movies do .
 I bought this movie for a Christmas gift . It arrived on time and no beating the price . Always a good gift .
 Could not believe how quickly I received this . Like they were in the same city ! Packaged very well and came through as advertised and in good shape . Would use vendor again !
 I really enjoyed this movie . It was romantic as the main character realized -LSB- SPOILER ALERT -RSB- that if she could do it over again , she 'd end up pretty much making the same choices .
 This is movie along the lines of Back to the Future , where Kathleen Turner returns to the past to see if she 'd marry the same guy all over again -LRB- Nicholas Cage -RRB- . It is a surprisingly refreshing movie , and I liked the idea of the confrontation between Turner and Cage , as Turner returns with the wisdom of age and ends up falling in love with all over again . -LRB- So much for wisdom , huh ? -RRB- I wo n't spoil it for you , but there 's a lot of other dynamics in this movie which makes it special . Recommended .
 I have added it to my list of movies to make me smile when when the world is most challenging - The American President , While You Were Sleeping , Sleepless in Seattle , You 've Got Mail , Splash , Father of the Bride and many other heart warmers . This movie takes you back . It historically captures the times of the Baby Boomer 's Mom and Dad 's highschool graduation . It also allows you to happily close your eyes and imagine the possibility of seeing , speaking with and hugging those you 've lost over the decades . The story is very tender , endearing and sensitive . I was surprised when I saw that it was directed by Francis Ford Coppola -LRB- who also owns my favorite Napa vineyard , Neibaum-Coppola , where my favorite Merlot is produced -RRB- . There is no darkness , violence or eeriness . Only light joy , touching moments and the meaning of family . What would you do differently , if you had another chance ?
 Peggy Sue Got Married is a masterpiece for director Francis Ford Coppola and stars Kathleen Turner -LRB- she got an Oscar nod as Peggy -RRB- and Nicolas Cage . Great supporting work by up-and-comers Helen Hunt , Jim Carrey , and Joan Allen . Great script and with all the great new DVD features , it 's a must have to watch over and over . Where else can you see Cage and Carrey sing doo-wop and Turner laugh about her father buying an Edsel . You 'll love it .
 I adore this movie , flaws and all . Yes , there are errors in the plot sequence and the filming . Yes , there are obvious cheesy characteristics that do n't seem to belong in a Coppola film ; however , this is an endearing film that I have watched many , many times . It never gets old for me.The retro styling of this film is just part of the draw . I also love the undertones of the film 's theme
 Normally I tend to avoid comedies , preferring psychological dramas or action films . So when my partner dragged me to this , I was surprised and delighted as its depth and ironies and multi-layered story.It starts off in a mid-life crisis
 Would you make different decisions in your life given the opportunity ? This questions forms the basis of a very original screenplay , along with a good dose of touching and humorous nostalgia . Not sure why it was not a hit . But then again , good story does not usually equate to box office success !
 In this time travel spin a woman -LRB- Peggy Sue -RRB- at her high school reunion has a heart attack and while lingering between life and death , is transported back in time to her high school days . Peggy Sue knowing that her boyfriend Charlie will turn out rotten after she marries him , is determined not to repeat the same mistakes of the past.Peggy Sue tries to distance herself from Charlie and has an affair with a rebel/philospher student to try to change things . While doing this she learns about Charlie that she never knew and ends up falling in love with him all over again.I really enjoyed this film and it shows that Peggy Sue with all her future knowledge and superior attitude is still unable to change what originally occurred .
 Peggy Sue got Married , is a great movie , as long as you take it for what it is . It 's not a heavy movie , but 's it well though out , smart , charming and a pleasure to watch . I loved it , and I think Kathleen Turner was rad * I would love to go throughhigh school as peggy Sue re-lived it .
 The first time I saw `` Peggey Sue Got Married '' . . I fellin love with it!It will probably turn out to be a Classic ! Look howmany unknowns were in it and they are all Big Stars today . Kathleen Turner , Nicolas Cage , Helen Hunt , Jim Carrey and Joan Allen . Francis Ford Coppola is a brilliant director . He knew something about his nephew , Nicolas Cage , then , that we could n't see . . he is truly a great actor . I taped this movie from H.B.O. and it has finally worn out . . so now I have to purchase it ! HaHa !
 Barbra Streisand is a young Fanny Brice - inexperienced , desperate to make good on her contract with Florenz Ziegfeld and desperately in love with the first of her two husbands , Nick Arnstein -LRB- Omar Shariff -RRB- . After playing the role on Broadway and making it her own , Bab 's took home the Best Actress Oscar of the year for her eclectic , electric and thoroughly engaging performance . Co-stars Walter Pidgeon . Director , William Wyler - best known for his efforts in `` Ben-Hur '' or `` Mrs. Miniver '' has oft ' been criticized for his heavy-handed direction on this film . True - the pace of the musical does n't rival say , `` The Sound of Music '' or `` West Side Story '' but the material is so good , and Wyler brings his own inimitable staging to the show , that I ca n't really fault the old master for a slightly stoic presentation which , if anything , does not detract from the overall enjoyment of this classic movie musical.Columbia Tristar has done an outstanding job in remastering this movie for DVD . Colors are rich , vibrant and bold . Shadow delineation is incredible and contrast levels are as they should be . Edge enhancement is practically non-existant while shimmering and aliasing simply do n't appear on this disc at any time . This is a fantastic example of just how good an older movie can look on DVD if the proper amount of time and effort is taken to do the job properly . The soundtrack is remastered in 5.1 and positively explodes across all the channels , particularly during the musical sequences . Just listening to Bab 's do `` Do n't Rain On My Parade '' or `` My Man '' will give one goose bumps . Bar none , an incredibly solid remastering effort of a vintage soundtrack . No extras but with quality like this it 's hard to squawk . A very fine effort and a definite must have !
 Barbra Streisand stars as Fanny Brice who goes from a poor but ambitious girl in the slums to famous Zigfeld star in the early 1900s . Omar Sharif costars as Nicky Arnstein , a professional gambler who woos , marries , and leaves her . The movie is all about Barbra ; the screen is filled with close-ups of her unusual and beautiful face and her pitch-perfect voice . She is simply fabulous.The scenes of Zigfeld shows are cute and funny , and Streisand hams it up in grand style singing songs that have become classics . She 's extraordinarily talented and a joy to watch . Sharif is a 10 on the hunk scale and the two make a beautiful couple , but he is miscast as the New Jersey-born con man . `` Funny Girl '' is truly an iconic movie that mesmerizes and delights , thanks to the wonderful Barbra Streisand . Her glamorous costumes , hair styles , and make-up became world famous and she absolutely deserved her Best Actress Oscar .
 It was certainly one of the most memorable screen debuts of all time
 Funny Girl is the kind of movie every wannabe singer should see . Streisand does an outstanding job portraying Fanny Brice . The first time I saw it I was 10 . I 'm waiting to buy it on DVD so it will not wear out and I can pick any spot to watch in the flick of a button . Do n't let your kids miss this movie !
 There has never been another Hollywood debut quite like Barbra Streisand 's in FUNNY GIRL , and there probably never will be . Everyone knew she could sing beautifully , but this film proved that she was an actress , and a great one ! Streisand proves that she is a true star , she is hilarious in the film 's uproarious opening and she 's absolutely heart-breaking in the dramitic end . She picked up a well-deserved Oscar for her work here.The rest of the cast is also good -LRB- Omar Sharif is especially suave in the role of Nicky Arnstein -RRB- , the production values are high , the music is great , the direction is lively , and the story is touching.But above all else , it is Streisand 's versatile and extremely likeable performance that holds the whole film together . Watch to laugh , watch to cry , watch to be entertained . A classic .
 36 years later , FUNNY GIRL shows why Barbra Streisand has become the legendary singer/actress/director / songwriter she so deserves . Taking on the role that launched her to Broadway stardom , Babs does everything in this movie to prove `` she 's the greatest star . '' Sure , there are poses , posterings , a little bit of histrionics , but when she sings these magnificent songs , and bats those delicious eyes , she is gorgeous ! Her performance of `` My Man '' at the end is Oscar worthy ; not to mention `` I 'm the Greatest Star '' and `` Do n't Rain on My Parade . '' And of course , `` People '' one of Barbra 's signature songs gives goosebumps even today.Omar Sharif is lushly suave ; Kay Medford does a nice turn as Fanny 's Mom , and even though Anne Francis was upset with her small role , she 's still convincing and lovely.The comic production numbers , particularly HIS LOVES MAKES ME BEAUTIFUL and the Swan parody are priceless ; Barbra can throw one liners off like the greatest of comediennes . I wish the filmmakers would have included the poignant WHO ARE YOU NOW from the Broadway version ; I think they opted to write FUNNY GIRL for Oscar consideration , but WHO ARE YOU NOW was a heartbreaker.Whether you can stand Barbra either professionally or personally , one ca n't deny this awesome debut performance . She truly is the greatest star of the musical comedy stage and screen !
 My life was changed , at 8 years old , when I walked into the theater to see , `` Funny Girl , for the first time in 1968 . It was amazing how Barbra Streisand as Fanny Brice could have that much of an impact on an 8 year old . Barbra Streisand 's performance was a life altering experience from her first line : `` Hello , Gorgeous '' to her devastating finale of `` My Man . '' I had never been so deeply moved by anything I had seen prior in my life and treasure the film to this day.I remember as a child it played in Metro Detroit , at the grandest theater , on a Roadshow Engagement for a year and a half and we would go every Saturday . I was very lucky to be surrounded by many Barbra fans . It was after seeing that performance I knew there was a reason to wake up in the morning . I always tell people until I saw `` Funny Girl '' I viewed the world in Black and White . When I walked out of the theater , after viewing for the first time , I saw the world in color.What made it so unique is , we were seeing Barbra Streisand 's career unfolding as it was happening . The musical number `` Do n't Rain on My Parade '' was like seeing the pre-cursor to the MTV video . It was the first time in a film where the song did not stay in a stationary place yet started in a train station in Baltimore and took you to Barbra on a tug boat to meet Nick Arnstein -LRB- Omar Sharif -RRB- . I remember one night , after Barbra won the Oscar for the film , we were at the dinner table bantering back and forth for which scene she won the Academy Award for and my Mother piped in and said
 By the mid sixties Barbra Streisand was one of the world 's biggest singers , selling more albums than any female vocalist of her era , sometimes selling more records than the Beatles and Elvis . She also had made a name for herself on Broadway in `` Funny Girl '' . So , it was only natural that when `` Funny Girl '' hit the big screen Barbra would be cast again in the role of Fanny Brice , a stage comedian who makes it big on the New York stage while attempting to have a relationship with Nick Arnstein , a handsome man who gambles.Probably one of the biggest movie musicals in the history of the American cinema , `` Funny Girl '' solidified Streisand as a bonafied movie star . This title was even more cemented when she won the Academy Award in 1968 for Best Actress , making this one of the rare occurences when a singer won an Oscar . The film would go on to be the top money making movie of the year eventually accumulating over $ 50,000,000 at the boxoffice.Some of the more popular songs in `` Funny Girl '' are Streisand 's signature songs , and they include `` People '' , `` Do n't Rain On My Parade '' , `` My Man '' , and `` Secondhand Rose '' . Bonuses on the DVD include Song Highlights , Bonus Trailers , and the featurettes `` Barbra in Movieland '' and `` This Is Streisand '' . A sequel to `` Funny Girl '' called `` Funny Lady '' was released in 1975 and starred Barbra and James Caan , but was far less successful .
 This movie is superb in most every way . The music sublime , the lyrics perfection , the photography/camera is genius . Just take the beginning , Barbra walking with her back toward the camera only revealing her face some moments into the scene ; yet , the reflection in a mirror !!! Ca n't rave enough . Barbra is flawless .
 Funny Girl -LRB- directed by William Wyler -RRB- is a hilarious , wonderful musical lightly based on the life of comedienne and actress Fanny Brice . The film version is based on the stage musical that premiered on Broadway in 1964 . Fanny Brice -LRB- Barbra Streisand -RRB- is a Jewish girl from New York City who simply wants to make it as a star . Eventually she makes it all the way to the Ziegfeld Follies and stars in some of Florenz Ziegfeld ` s -LRB- Walter Pidgeon -RRB- productions.She soon falls in love with a worldly gambler -LRB- who she 's met before -RRB- , Nick Arnstein -LRB- Omar Sharif -RRB- , and leaves theatre behind to marry him . The rest of the musical follows their rocky marriage and Brice 's reemergence into theatre and comedy.Streisand shines in this movie . In my opinion this is Streisand at her comedic best . Her acting is natural and she delivers her lines perfectly . Her facial expressions are enough to make me laugh . She is a gem . Her character Fannie Brice believes all she has going for her is her humor but Streisand shows us that Brice is so much more than that . She is funny , caring , beautiful and resilient . She will stop at nothing to get what she wants in life.Every scene in this movie that was meant to be funny is . The `` His Loves Makes Me Beautiful '' is brilliant and leaves me wondering if they truly could have gotten away with that musical number in the early 1900s . Streisand 's character refuses to sing about how beautiful she is and , in protest , shoves a pillow up her dress and pretends to be pregnant in the number.The `` Roller Skate Rag '' is also hilarious . It 's humorous seeing Brice trying to roller skate and knocking the other skaters down in the process.The songs and musical score are amazing . The more serious `` People '' fits perfectly with the rest of the movie . It is one of Streisand 's best performances in the film . Also , no one can forget `` Do n't Rain On My Parade '' . It 's a signature Barbra Streisand song for a reason . She belts it out with enormous emotion and proves to us that no one could ever sing it as well as her.The supporting cast that consists of Sharif , Brice 's mother -LRB- Kay Medford -RRB- , Pidgeon and Georgia James -LRB- Anne Francis -RRB- complete the movie . Streisand is certainly the break out star in the film but it would n't be the same without the rest of the cast ; especially Shariff.After I saw Funny Girl for the first time I listened to the entire soundtrack and found myself singing along to every song . It 's my favorite musical and , like Paper Moon , I highly recommend it .
 Based somewhat loosely on the life of Fanny Brice , a Jewish comedienne and actress from the Lower East Side of Manhattan -LRB- actually Henry Street -RRB- , this movie is a reflection of her life with Oscar Barbra Streisand in the title role . Streisand is perfect in this performance as the self-conscious Fanny Brice who makes fun of her own appearance as we see in her debut with the Ziegfield Follies.The film is a perfect standard of the traditional musicals in film history . The art direction is perfect as a time period piece during Fanny 's life from Keeney 's Music Hall to Ziefield 's . The Ziegfield Follies musical numbers are spectacularly done on film and what translated from stage to film is beautifully done here.The casting is first rate with Streisand who played the role on Broadway as Fanny Brice . Omar Shariff plays the husband , Nick Arnstein , does a first rate job in the role . It 's not easy when you 're up against Streisand in her early part of her film career . The supporting cast included Ann Medford , Kaye Francis , and Walter Pidgeon -LRB- played Ziegfield -RRB- are all wonderful.But still this is Fanny 's story , her life , and the film and in the end , Streisand 's performance as Fanny makes me wonder if she 's playing herself as well . Fanny and Barbra connect on so many levels.The DVD comes with 2 documentaries about Streisand . I donated this DVD to my middle school that has a music program . If anything , they can watch it in class .
 Received this before the scheduled delivery date and in perfect condition . Enjoyed this DVD as much as when I saw the original movies years ago . Thanks !!!!!!!
 This was my introduction to Barbra in the 1960s and it holds its ' own today . Just a great film , wonderful music and terrific costumes .
 I got this for my mom and we watched it together and I loved it . I do n't like watching old movies but this one was worth the watch . I 'm used to all these new movies that it was good to have a break from them and watch real acting .
 I recently rewatched FUNNY GIRL for the first time in perhaps twenty years . And though I still think it is a fine film I was not as charmed by it as I was in my earlier days . Maybe I 've read too much about the real Fanny Brice and Nick Arnstein and found out how very sanitized Arnstein 's life story was for the Broadway musical and this film that is quite closely adapted from it . For whatever reason I did not find Omar Sharif 's portrayal of the handsome gambler Nick as breathtaking in this viewing and I actually found his accent annoying . At any rate the film is still a must see for musical lovers and those like me with an interest in entertainment history though the viewer should be very aware of the great deal of license taken in retelling this bittersweet love story . And Streisand of course was young and at her full powers in her star making role as Fanny that still seems positively tailor made for her voice , looks and screen presence .
 This is a very good movie . It is so easy to be able to order old movies and enjoy them again and again ,
 This is Barbra Steisand 1st film which brought her an oscar for best actress and boy did she deserve it . The songs are classic the love story touching the directing brilliant and at the end when Ms Streisand sings My Man like WOW that made her a star .
 FUNNY , HEART BREAKING , WONDERFUL SONGS . WHEN SHE SINGS MY MAN , IT WILL MOVE YOU TO TEARS .
 Her first film ; Her first success.FUNNY GIRL is essentially what Barbra Streisand is all about . It is a lush , lavish , funny , tuneful and an all-out wonderful musical . Slightly nostalgic , William Wyler gives us more than just a dash of the opulent MGM-style musicals that Arthur Freed use to turn out by the dozen.From start to finish , Barbra makes this her own film . More than a debut , it actually helped to further create the legend that is Barbra -LRB- and always will be -RRB- . Everything about this picture is perfect - the sets , the scoring , the music , the cast -LRB- especially Kay Medford and Omar Sharif -RRB- . But it is Barbra Streisand from start to finish that you will always remember.Whether she is the gawky Fanny trying to break into show business -LRB- complete with an oil can marked MAKE UP -RRB- , seeing Nicky Arnstein for the first time or pouring her heart out with such numbers as Do n't Rain On My Parade / My Man / I 'd Rather Be Blue / and , of course , People - it is Barbra Streisand who makes this film memorable . Her voice is pure , her actions are natural and everything clicks to make this one of the best musicals of all time .
 Bad in the day , this was my most favorite movie . I was sitting down with my partner watching it , and we both noticed that several scenes were deleted . Except for the two songs missing , this is the best movie I have ever seen , funny and witty .
 Fanny Brice was one of the most impressive stage talents of Broadway 's heyday in the 1920s when theater attendance was unusually high and when cultural diversity brought all sorts of new things into the public eye . Brice was a Jewish woman who landed herself on the Ziegfeld stage , a show that was famous for heralding beautiful women in showy costumes . Brice was no great beauty , but she was a wonderful comedienne and used her wit and upbringing to make audiences love her . Aside from being able to hold a room , she was also a wonderful singer who could make her fans both laugh and cry . This is the story of her life and her relationship with her gambling husband who caused her a great deal of pain.There are many problems with this film . The overall issue is the anachronisms . If the filmmakers wanted to be taken seriously , they should have paid more attention to the details . There is way too much music here that was written decades after Brice 's heyday with no attempt to emulate the style of her era . Aside from Streisand 's wardrobe , the costumes are a product of their era , not of the 1920s . The chorus girls of the Ziegfeld Follies have pouty lips , heavy eye makeup , costumes that enhance their bustiness , busky eyebrows , and buffant hairstyles . This is all wrong for the 20s , an era when being flatchested and shapeless was fashionable , women had pencil thin eyebrows , small red mouths , and Marcelwaved bobs.Another problem with the film as a biopic is Streisand 's presence . Aside from the occasions where she is immitating Brice 's characteristics such as a witty line delivery or a funny dance , Streisand is playing herself and promoting her own personality . For those who are familiar with Brice , the film is a disappointment because her radiant humor and powerful song delivery are missing . The `` My Man '' finale has to be the most disappointing of all . This song was a trademark of Brice 's who sang the emotional song with an understated elegance that tore audiences apart . Streisand 's version is self indulgent , showy , and forced , an embarassment and an awful way to end the film.Aside from those glaring mistakes , the movie is entertaining enough to stand on its own . It is certainly no masterpiece of cinema , but it passes the time amusingly enough . However , if you 're looking for a biography of Fanny Brice , look elsewhere . The best alternative is to see her as she truly was in her few film appearances .
 My dad was a movie projectonist when I was growig up and he took me to see Funny Girl when I was in the 4th grade . I saw that movie 5 times that week and a total of 26 times in every movie theater in town . What an impression it made on me as a yougster , that if you believed in yourself there is n't anything that you ca n't do . Of course it is my favorite movie of all time and one that I watch over and over again as if I had never seen it before . I see something new every viewing . Do you want to see one of the greatest performances of all time , then watch her perform `` I 'm The Greatest Star '' and then watch it again and again , there has never been a debut performance like this one and probably never will again.I have been the BIGGEST Streisand fan since and have followed her through all her movies , saw her twice in concert and have everything she has recorded , albums , tapes , 45 's , CD 's , foreign releases and hard to find classics , every movie poster , every book written about her and every magazine cover she has been on . This collection started back in 4th grade and now I am 47 years old so you can imagine the collection . Of it all Funny Girl has to be the shining moment . If I could have just a few hours with Ms. Streisand I would thank her and ask hundreds of questions , we are only seperated by 2 degrees of seperation , maybe that day will come ! Buy this movie , if you are not a fan , you will be -- I PROMISE .
 I love anything with Barbra Streisand , and this is truly one of her best . No complaints . The DVD is very enjoyable .
 I love this movie , I bought it because I knew one song and loved the whole thing !! The dvd was in perfect condition ! I would definitely buy from this seller again .
 OMG , I finally understand why Amanda Peet in interviews mentions that she has a movie poster of Funny Girl in her daughter 's nursery and why Lady Gaga crosses her eyes in the Paparazzi music video . Barbra is irresistible and NAUGHTYily aware of how attractive she is - evident in the way she flashes her eyes and uses her smile . Remember when Voldemort was gagging over how Jewish girls can magically seduce their enemies in Schindler 's List ? Watch this movie and you will know exactly what he means ! She looks much better here than she does in Hello Dolly . The color combinations do n't look dated so this movie withstands the test of time . She is an awesome ginger and this should really be the inspiration for a Streisand Barbie instead of the dirty blonde one that is out now . Sorry ! This movie is very old timey Ashkenazi New York . It 's chock a block with good lines . Some people are just born with pizazz . The rest of us buy tickets to watch them .
 Everything was fine . Disc arrived in a timely manner and in excellent condition . I would purchase from this vendor again .
 This movie is such a great movie ! I just bought it the other day and I really got my money 's worth . I did n't realize how long it was , but in a good way ! It is one where you do n't mind how long it is because it is so good.If you love the classics you will love this movie ! It is a musical and the music I think is really pleasing to the ears.Parts of it are also really FUNNY ! I know why they called it Funny Girl . With a more serious ending that really brought the movie together and gave a whole new meaning to the title .
 I saw this movie in theatres decades ago , and am still singing `` Sadie , Sadie , Married Lady '' to my husband ! . . it 's a wonderful film , extremely well acted , riveting performances by Barbra Streisand and Omar Sharif . . unforgettable lyrics and melodies . . This movie is in my Top 10 of all time favorites ! One of the things I love about this film ~ it 's not total singing throught the entire film ~ plenty of acting and scenes to make it a super A + film !
 Funny Girl is an old fashioned musical telling an old fashioned story . The real life star was Fanny Brice , played by Barbra Streisand . The songs are fantastic -LRB- especially My Man and Don?t Rain on my Parade -RRB- and the costumes are full of life and color . Omar Shariff is dashing as Nick Arnstein , the gambler husband . Walter Pidgeon is good as Folrenz Ziegfeld . Anne Francis has a small part as Fanny?s showgirl friend . Personally , I would have wanted her role to be a little larger .
 One of the most populare movie musicals ever made , FUNNY GIRL follows the early career of stage comedienne Fanny Brice -LRB- 1891-1951 -RRB- a role that earned Barbra Streisand -LRB- 1942 - -RRB- the 1968 Oscar for best actress . As the film opens only her mother believes Fanny can make it in show business . When she gets her first break at Keeneys Music Hall , her hilarious debut as a roller-skating chorus girl gets her hired as a comededienne . A year later Fanny is working for Florenz Ziegfeldt -LRB- 1867-1932 -RRB- in his famous Follies and brings the house down with an outrageos and unplananeed number . Fanny becomes a star , and marries Nick Arnstein -LRB- Omar Sharif 1932 - -RRB- , a handsome gambler whose luck doesnt hold up . The film many memorable songs include `` Dont rain on my parade '' and the streisand classic `` People '' . Digitaly remastred Audi & Anamorphic Video , Super Sound and Picture . Recommended
 What a tour de force !!! Barbra 's first movie is AMAZING !!! I think Babs was born to play Fanny Brice . What a wonderful andbeautiful portrayal of a young woman struggling to try to `` fit `` onstage and then `` makes it big '' Of course Barbra 's singing isjust too perfect and her acting is amazing . I think it is herbest movie . Her comedic timing in this movie is so natural thatshe should have done standup . Her comedy movies of the 70 ` sdefinately showcase her comedic gifts . One sad note , of course , is Barbra 's character `` Fanny '' just loves Nicky Awnstein too much.He knows he is n't good for her and lets her go . He really brokeher heart . So , if you want a movie with vintage style from the 20 's , Fabulous Singing , Dancing , Wonderful Costumes , and a greatstory , then please watch this movie . It is # 1 on my list.Enjoy .
 They were n`t sure they wanted her for the movie -LRB- `` She ` s so odd looking ... even ugly at times '' -RRB- and the story tells that Barb had to submit herself to an extensive test on film in front of the Columbia executives ... It really is a vehicle for Barbra ! She dominates the film completely and no other in the cast challanges her a bit . Even so , it is a good-looking film directed by Master William Wyler -LRB- but musical scenes directed by Herbert Ross -RRB- and though Barbra ` s Fanny Brice is abnormally ambitous ; she still manages us to feel for her , like her , admire her and above all ... care for her ... It really is a must for drama-musical-lovers .
 By the time Barbra made Funny Girl -LRB- her movie debut -RRB- , she was already a Broadway singing diva . Thankfully , she is forever immortalized on cellioud as Fanny Brice , the funny girl in Funny Girl . With Funny Girl she got to belt out -LRB- as only Barbra can belt -RRB- multiple show stopping numbers including `` People '' , `` Do n't Rain on My Parade '' and the exhilerating `` My Man '' . She sang , she acted and she charmed 1968 movie goers who lined up to make Funny Girl a box office smash . Then she won a well-deserved Oscar for Best Actress in 1968 . WAY to go girl ! You deserved all the praise you got for Funny Girl . What a performance ! A MUST HAVE DVD for the classic musicals collectors and/or Barbra fans .
 When Barbra Streisand hit the big screen in this expensive 1968 musical biopic of Ziegfeld star Fanny Brice , she became an instant movie legend and understandably so as master filmmaker William Wyler tailored a launching pad so accommodating to her personality and drive that it becomes apparent only later that the film itself is not terribly exceptional . The first half of the film , by far the best part , is about Brice 's fast climb to stardom and her blind infatuation of gambler Nick Arnstein , played with a bit too much continental charm by an overshadowed Omar Sharif . The comparatively dramatic second half is really about the inevitable fate of their relationship . The energy that drives the first half seems to sputter in the second half , and Streisand is left to carry the whole thing to the finish line.The fact that the story has anything to do with Brice seems purely circumstantial in deference to Streisand 's phenomenal talent especially as a first-rank comedienne and the pre-eminent song stylist of her generation . For the latter aspect alone , `` Funny Girl '' is essential viewing , especially for three solo numbers penned by the legendary team of Jule Styne and Bob Merrill -LRB- who co-wrote `` Gypsy '' -RRB- . First , as a young wannabe trying to convince Mr. Keeney at the local burlesque house to hire her , Streisand sings `` I 'm the Greatest Star '' with an appropriately persistent brassiness that suddenly turns into a dramatic clarion call picking up the percussive momentum of `` Do n't Rain on My Parade '' until the song title truly becomes fact and not a boast . The second song is her anthem , `` People '' , sung to an unsurprisingly awestruck Sharif on the darkened Hollywood-phony backlit set of Henry Street , first as an expression of her unrequited love for Arnstein and then more effectively as a solo plea bordering on desperation as she leans against a lamppost . The third number is made breathtaking by the ingenious way that Wyler films her performance of `` Do n't Rain on My Parade '' as a montage of fast cuts that leads an Arnstein-chasing Brice to the amazing tugboat finish . The fact that they all occur in the first half makes the second half all the more desultory saved at the end by Streisand 's memorably triumphant take on Brice 's `` My Man '' . These are all indisputably classic movie musical moments.The remaining numbers are good and mostly a vehicle to show off Streisand 's considerable comedy skills - maneuvering roller skates on `` I 'd Rather Be Blue -LRB- Over You -RRB- '' , flouncing her dress in front of a nonplussed Ziegfeld on `` Second Hand Rose '' , waddling around as a `` pregnant '' bride in the Ziegfeld extravaganza `` His Love Makes Me Beautiful '' , accommodating Arnstein 's aggressive parlor advances in `` You Are Woman '' , and chronicling her happily married state in `` Sadie , Sadie '' . That 's not to say she is not a fine dramatic actress , just a sometimes rather theatrical one at least in her first film here , as she expresses her heartbreak in a variety of overdone hairstyles and clothes until her seeming vindication at the end . No other actress can express as dexterously the concurrent insecurity , egotism and humor that Streisand in her prime could . The other elements in this movie seem incidental , even the supporting performances which include Kay Medford 's sarcastically tender turn as Brice 's mother Rose and Walter Pidgeon elegantly tyrannical and savvy as Ziegfeld . This turned out to be Wyler 's penultimate film , and it 's not really one of his best as the humanistic values that permeate his earlier classics seem missing here in favor of mounting a star vehicle for Streisand . But the logic is understandable as a Barbra Streisand does not come along very often . Even for those who have seen it numerous times before , the 2001 restoration contained on the DVD completely revitalizes the film .
 I just bought the DVD last month and I am very impressed . I 've had both VHS and laserdisc versions of this film for some time , but the vibrance of the color and the quality of the sound has never been better . Definitely one of the better DVD transfers out there . Well worth the money ! Go Babs !
 To those Celine Dion fans who do n't understand why she will never quite equal Streisand in the eyes of many of Barbra 's fans , I present exhibit A
 This is THE movie I have been waiting for on DVD ! It has been my favorite film since I was a kid and saw it on a Sunday matinee on tv.I ca n't wait to see it in letterbox . Finally , we will see Anne Francis face when she sticks her head in the dressing room and asks `` Did he fire ya yet ?? '' I hope they punched up the color and hopefully there will be added stuff like on the Way We Were DVD . That is a great DVD also . This is THE star turn for Barbra . I feel safe to say it is her best performance -LRB- although some feel TWWW is -RRB- . All I know is I am SO thrilled to add it to my DVD collection . Now all we need is What 's Up Doc ? and On a Clear Day ... ENJOY !!!!!!
 I 've seen this movie twice and bought this VHS here from Amazon dot com . Barbra Streisand 's performance is unbelievably nice and Omar Sharif is just good for this character .
 When Barbra Streisand reprised her role as Fanny Brice in the movie version of Funny Girl , her stardom was cemented . Not only was it a huge hit , but it was loved by audiences , has gone on to be one of her most adored performances , and made her an Academy Award winning actress . Through it all , she deserved every bit of it.The movie tells a loosely-told story of famous vaudeville star Fanny Brice , and how she struggled for fame and finding the man she loves in the first half , and the second half goes more dramatic , telling how her true love , Nicky Arnstein , threatens to drag her down with him as he digs deeper and deeper into gambling debt and corrupt behavior . The story , if you really pay attention to it , is not terribly deep or original , and in the middle switches from a rags-to-riches/beating the odds in show business story to a more dramatic star-crossed lovers story . But even so , with likeable characters like Fanny , Nicky , Mr. Ziegfeld , and so on , you can not help but feel involved in their ordeals.The performances here are all top notch . Omar Sharif brings a perfect amount of charm and shadiness to Nicky , and Walter Pidgeon is delightfully smug and caring as Florenz Ziegfeld . But the performance to watch , without a doubt , is Barbra Streisand as Fanny . She not only balances her comic and dramatic abilities beautifully , but makes us really like Fanny as a friend . She is confident , naive , happy-go-lucky , and vulnerable all at once . She deserved the Oscar more than anyone else that night , and she got it.Last , but not least , the songs are just magnificent . Almost exclusively sung by Barbra , she is perfectly at home singing all of them , and succeeds in most . She 's fun in `` I 'm The Greatest Star , '' radiantly sexy in `` I 'd Rather Be Blue Over You , '' tearjerking in `` People , '' and , of course , her bravura performance of `` Do n't Rain on My Parade '' -LRB- the scene with the tugboat will give you shivers the same way Julie Andrews ' scene on the hill does in Sound of Music -RRB- . Some songs are good , and some songs are great , but no song is mediocre.I could go on and on , but I want those who have n't discovered the movie yet to find out on their own . Barbra 's fans will worship it , fans of musicals will love it , and even those who do n't care for either musicals or Barbra Streisand will smile at least a few times . If you have n't seen it yet , do n't waste another second .
 I am SO happy that Barbra has decided to release this on DVD . I have the VHS version , but DVD will bring it back to it 's theatrical life , that it deserves ! There is no one like Barbra , and never will be again in our lifetime . My only hope is that she will include a lot of behind the scenes , making of , etc on this video . Also , Barbra , PLEASE , PLEASE , PLEASE release your other movies AND just as important , your TV shows on DVD , especially the ones that were never released on VHS , Belle of 14th Street , Barbra Streisand and other Musical Instruments . How about a DVD showing all of your TV appearances . THAT would truly be a gift to your fans . How about it GORGEOUS ?
 We liked the movie even though it had a very sad ending.Barbara is a great singer.It has some very funny parts
 This musical is extremely well done , with many twists in the plot line . It does not start , or end , with any obvious themes . Super-dooper !
 i got mine from inetvideo for like $ 3.80 still in wrapping and was brand new , works perfectly , and got here quick too ! the movie is excellent , with amazing songs and costumes . definitely one of my top two favorite musicals . and for all of you who are n't big on barbra streisand , i must admit , i used to be the same way . yes , , she was great in hello dolly , but she just kinda blipped off my radar , and this turned it around . her acting is superb , as well as her singing , no doubt . it 's a very entertaining funny movie that will weave itself through your heart strings .
 I love the movie . seen it on the big screen . but , this DVD has blank spots with sound but no picture . Clicking next will move it along , but I have missed some of the movie . Tried to exchange but was told I could n't do it . Not sure why .
 This has to be considered one of many of Barbra 's highest achievements . This is a wonderful musical with a good story and drama . Fanny Brice , who the story is about was a shinning star in her time , followered by Alice Faye who portrayed Fanny , and was a shining star of her time , followered by Barberra Stiesand who portrayed Fanny , and who was the shining star of her time . The story is timeless , girl falls head over heals for a guy , and who stand 's by her Man through thick and thin .
 One of my all-time favorites.I would love to see this , as well as Funny Lady on blu-ray . I ca n't wait ! Hopefully it will be soon !
 I love Barbara Streisand , she is one of my favorites . Her voice is amazing and the acting is great . I strongly recommend this movie !
 Glad to update from VHS to DVD so I can watch one of the best movies and sing great songs anytime I want !
 What a wonderful entertaining movie this is ! Takes me back in time to see such a talented girl again ! Very worth anyone 's time to sit and enjoy this very funny movie !
 My dvd came within the time frame indicated , brand new in the package , and is in perfect condition .
 Wow , Barbara Streisand has such a nice voice . In this musical , I love the songs `` people '' , `` I 'd rather be blue over you '' and `` I 'm the greatest star . '' Everyone says that Barbara Streisand is so ugly , but personally , I think she 's actually kind of pretty . Yeah , her nose is big , but other than that she 's not that bad . Anyway , it 's just a really great movie . THe only problem with it is that the romantic scenes were a little too numerous and kind of boring .
 This Streisand classic is a must for any true fan 's collection . When we think of Barbra Streisand , `` Funny Girl '' comes to mind . I 've been looking forward to this film being released on the dvd format and it is finally here . The only problem I have with the dvd is that the special features are pretty -LSB- bad -RSB- . I was hoping there would be a lot more stuff . That being said , the movie itself is so good that I had to give this dvd five stars . This is one of my favorite -LRB- if not THE favorite -RRB- films she has done . I think anyone who buys this film will be glad they did .
 Funny Girl is beyond `` BEYOND '' !! Streisand is utterly spectacular !! I 've seen this film at least 20 times and she still drives me wild ... and that voice ! THAT GLORIOUS , GLORIOUS VOICE !! So much has been written about the Streisand temperment and demands through the years ... Well , friends , with the talent God blessed her with she is beyond reproach ... Sing on Barbra ! Sing on !!
 Definitely prophetic . She -LRB- Babs -RRB- is the greatest performer of the 20th century .
 Funny Girl is my all-time favorite movie . Barbara Streisand really shines in this movie .
 This is a very entertaining movie ! Its a touching , yet hilarious story . Hope you enjoy it !!
 The movie , FUNNY GIRL , is one of the BEST movies in the world !!!!!!!!!!! I think Barbra Streisand did an OUTSTANDING job playing the role of Fanny Brice !!!! She is my most FAVORITE ACTRESS IN THE WOLE WIDE WORLD !!!!! The movie was so good !!! I saw the movie 5 times !! The movie will make you laugh so hard !!! In other parts , it will make you want to cry your eyes out !!!!! My 4 favorite songs were , `` My Man '' , `` Do n't Rain on My Parade '' , `` People '' , and `` I 'm the Greatest Star '' I recommend this movie to ANYONE who loves comedy , music , and to any Barbra Streisand fans !!!! I also reccommend the frequel , FUNNY LADY !!!!!! ** This movie is a MUST-SEE movie !!!!!!!!!!
 This is a great restoration of the original movie . And though I love Barbra Streisand , movie musicals in general and `` Funny Girl '' in particular , it really is n't for everybody.Streisand gives her second most charming movie performance ever in this her debut -LRB- after `` What 's Up Doc '' -RRB- . All the tics and mannerisms which later became tedious and uninspired , but here are fresh and engaging , are present . The deep emotive sighing , the schtick -LRB- which she 's somehow lost along the way -RRB- , the kooky grin and histrionics . Yes , it 's a powerhouse performance and proves the old cliche that it takes a star to play a star , but the movie consists of almost 3 hours of unadulterated Streisand and no-one else really gets a look-in . This seems very one-sided even to this Streisand fan . There 's no-one to balance her and enhance her performance which would have added a lot to the movie.This is Babs 's movie all the way - great if you 're a Streisand fan . If you 're not , stick with `` What 's Up , Doc '' where Bogdanovich surrounded the diva with a great comedic ensemble thus enhancing Barbra 's presence rather than diminishing it.As for the story , it 's hokey in the extreme - a 1930 's backstage musical stretched from 90 minutes to almost double that time . This is mitigated by Streisand 's sheer willpower to make it as a star , particularly in the first half -LRB- `` I 'm the Greatest Star '' and `` Do n't Rain on My Parade '' are the two standout numbers both musically and cinematographically -RRB- . I ca n't fathom what Herbert Ross and William Wyler were thinking of in the staging of `` His Love Makes Me Beautiful '' . It looks like a tawdry 60 's Las Vegas Revue filmed for the prurient US television networks and boy does it go on.The remastered color and widescreen shots are first-rate . However , I found the remastered sound on the strident side especially when La Streisand lifts off in either song or dispute.Yup a great addition to the Streisand catalog . But be warned very long and overly indulgent to its star .
 The vehicle that made Barbra Streisand a major superstar . From Broadway acclaim , to her 1968 Academy Award winning performance , `` Funny Girl '' is Barbra Streisand . When she sings its most familiar number `` People '' , it seems all time stands still . And to date , there still is no one else who can touch that song but Barbra . As the popular comedic singer/actress Fanny Brice , we 're given a lesson of survival through adversity . And Omar Sharif 's finest hour since his appearance in `` Doctor Zhivago '' as Fanny 's gambling addicted first husband Nicky Arnstein . You so much want to see these two succeed as a couple ; but alas , it just was n't to be.Another standout is the finale , as Barbra so convincingly sings `` My Man '' with every award winning emotion imaginable . A note of trivia , Barbra Streisand won her 1968 Best Actress Oscar in a tie with Katherine Hepburn for her grand performance in `` The Lion In Winter '' . An extreme rarity in Oscar history , having only happened once before back in the 1930s .
 This movie is beautiful and entertaining . I have seen it 8 times and never miss it when it is on TV . Omar is so gorgeous to look at and makes a perfect Nick . Barbra shows off her voice in many dimensions and proves what a great singer she is . Most of us did not grow up with Fanny Brice except on the radio so her life was a mystery . It always seemed funny but there was plenty of heartbreak . I know the producers took many liberties in depicting her life but I think we all get the gist .
 `` Funny Girl '' is not perfect . The film starts out like a beautiful fairy tale -LRB- a.k.a. Cinderella -RRB- which comes dangerously close to becoming sickeningly sweet before it finally takes a dark turn . Even as it is , the more serious conflict is subdued compared to the romance . The conclusion to this video is a bit too abrupt . `` Funny Girl '' is not perfect , but it deserves its status as a 5 star classic . The stellar performances of Barbra Streisand and Omar Sharif are haunting and will stay with the viewer long after the movie is done . The good outweighs the bad . This is one film that everyone who loves movie classics should see .
 Beautifully restored print captures the best female musical performance in the history of American cinema . I saw the restored print on the big screen in NYC and the DVD captures all the magic !
 Legendary director William Wyler brought out the very best in Barbra Streisand in this 1968 adaption of her Broadway hit . He had a lot of help from veteran cinematographer Harry Stradling , who photographed her so beautifully that you believe it when she looks in the mirror and says , `` Hello Gorgeous . '' She looks great throughout the film and defines the meaning of a `` Movie Star . '' I was surprised though at how many slow moments occur in the later part of the film when her marrriage to gambler Nick Arnstein begins to unravel.Funny Girl is an artist at her peak collaborating with other great artists . In later years , she took to running the show herself , sometimes to good effect with The Prince of Tides and also to bad with the utterly inconsequential Mirror has Two Faces.But hey ... any artist deserves to spread his/her wings . I just hope Babs makes a few more films of this calibre before she retires .
 Barbra and lots of babes ? Could I be in heaven ? I wish , but it 's really the next best thing
 I 've only seen Funny Girl twice and I love it . I think Barbara Streisand is a great singer and actress !
 How appropriate that Streisand brought this role to us . She appeared on the scene just after the end of the great musicals and great musical stars , so it is no surprise that she is our connection to those movies and that time . Her performance as Fanny Brice , though lacking much connection to the reality of Brice 's style or life , also bridges the gap between old time and new style musicals . The emotional , idealized treatment of the material suited her talents perfectly . In my opinion , Streisand 's closing number in this film , `` My Man , '' is what clinched her Best Actress Oscar . Also in my opinion , it is one of the three most electrifying moments ever caught on film . -LRB- Judy Garland 's `` The Man that Got Away '' from `` A Star is Born '' being the second . I 'm still deciding on the third ... -RRB-
 I bothed it , watched it and loved it.It 's a most have
 This movie is a masterpiece , and Streisand is brilliant
 The is a bit personal , but my mother has dementia and ca n't enjoy most videos any more because they are hard to understand or follow . I thought she might enjoy Funny Girl because of the wonderful and fun music . She really did . Barbra Streisand 's expressions and emotions are over the top and enjoyable for all .
 `` Funny Girl '' was a musical with a book by Isobel Lennart , music by Jule Styne , and lyrics by Bob Merrill . The semi-biographical plot is based on the life and career of Broadway/Film/Comedienne Fanny Brice and her stormy relationship with entrepreneur and gambler Nicky Arnstein . It 's original title was `` My Man '' . After seventeen previews , the Broadway production , directed by Garson Kanin and choreographed by Carol Haney , opened on March 26 , 1964 at the Winter Garden Theatre , where it ran for 1348 performances . The opening night cast included
 This is known as Barbra Streisand 's signature movie . So where are all of the extra features on this DVD ? There should be so many extras that it would take another DVD to fit them all in one package ! This thing has nothing . Buy it because it 's a great movie but do n't expect any more than that .
 The picture and sound on this dvd are great . The colors are vibrant and every song feels like you are right in front of a Broadway orchestra.The extras are nice but there should have been more . The cover art is nice too .
 What more can be said now about the talents of Barbra Streisand?Her Oscar winning performance was an incredible tour de force which established her as one of the great talents of the 20th century . This is one DVD worth owning if you are a fan of the movie musical as well as Ms. Streisand . The second half of the film seems a bit over-extended but the musical sequences make up for any lulls along the way . I 'm happy to own this one and feel nostalgic looking back at the early career of a great star .
 I have waited and waited and I am pleased to announce that the wait was well worth it . Having seen Funny Girl many times in its pan and scan version , I was very eager to see what I 'd been missing all these years . The restored widescreen version makes this usually enjoyable film even more so . The colors are brilliant , the images crisp , and the restored letterbox format really adds to the overall brilliance of the cinematography . I will say that although I have a top of the line home theater sound system , I did n't notice a remarkable improvement in sound , but Streisand still sounded incredible ! I would strongly urge anyone who is a fan of Streisand , or the American musical to purchase this DVD .
 I was fortunate enough to see the theatrical re-release of this refurbished print in Los Angeles last month , and I must say the DVD does it full justice . The incredible dye-tranfer Technicolor print has been faithfully mastered , and the six-track digital sound makes the original six-track mag tracks sound properly bright and full . This film introduced movie audiences to the powerful Barbra Streisand , and everything was designed in this production to show her off the best way possible . Her performance is alternately heart-breaking , hilarious , and resoundingly musical . This is one of her best screen performances , and holds up very well after 33 years . The drama is appropriately weepy , the comedy amazingly specific , and the musical sequences -LRB- directed by the late Herb Ross -RRB- are superb examples of how musical cues can work on film when handled correctly . This picture is a lush slice of nostalgia that is a full , satisfying evening of entertainment . The only thing keeping me from handing this DVD a 5-star rating is the lack of commentary on alternate tracks , no trailers for the film , and no footage of the excised pieces of `` The Swan '' ballet parody . It 's too bad Sony could n't have spent some more time and money to make it a genuine collector 's item . But the film , and the performance , stand up easily to the test of time - they look and sound better than ever !
 What a wonderful film `` Funny Girl '' is ! From the opening chords of the overture to the final fade-out and exit music , it is a real treat for the eyes and ears!Wonderful direction , stunning costumes and sets and amazing performances all come together to make a truly memorable film . An added bonus of this particular incarnation is the widescreen presentation . This , coupled with a lovely , clear picture and great sound , probably make this the best available `` Funny Girl '' around . The bonus features are pretty good , too , particularly the two vintage featurettes which were made around the time that `` Funny Girl '' was filmed . All in all a terrific presentation which I would recommend to anyone , whether they like movie musicals or not !
 This is the hotest film debute ever.Streisands enterance is treated like such stars as Garbo and Crawford were once treated.a TOWERING OPENING LINE , FUNNY AND ODDLY MOVING.A few minutes later an extreme close up extremely flattering to Barbra before the film length flashback . Then with `` I am the greatest star '' She set a new standard for Musical comedies.This is the most tremendous moment in Musicals ever.Her talent exploded beautifully with this dazzling song and remains the best performance of a heartfelt song in films.The rest of the score sails.And Streisands first screen kiss is incredably touching and beautifully shot.Wyler made Streisand look like a Goddess in this film .
 What can you say about one of the best musicals ever to grace our screens ? That its a piece of art ? Funny Girl is just that a piece of art that will last forever and Barbra Streisand will always be known for the role of Fanny Brice . Barbra sings like an angel and her acting , singing in this movie is fabulous . Barbra rules and so does this movie .
 First off - the DVD
 The ultimate showcase for an actress , Barbra Streisand 's highly publicized film debut in FUNNY GIRL met every single expectation and then some . The film was the highest-grossing film of 1968 , and it 's very easy to see why . The film has many great qualities
 Wow . One usually becomes a Streisand fan after seeing this movie . I certainly did . Streisand 's movie debut begs the question
 We has the good fortune to see the newly restored version of FUNNY GIRL on the big screen last month . There were 6 of us in our group -LRB- 3 men & 3 women -RRB- and we all loved every minute of it . The colors in the new print are fabulous , the soundtrack is enhanced , & Barbra is even better than you expect her to be . So here 's my question
 Hello , gorgeous . Funny Girl is the ultimate Streisand film . Barbra 's Oscar winning film debut as the Ziegfeld star Fannie Brice has never been in better form . After a frame-by-frame image restoration and digitally remastered audio , this popular musical packs all the glitter of its 1968 premiere.Ray Stark , son-in-law to the legendary Brice , first began working on a screen biography of his famous mother-in-law in 1948 , but Brice herself rejected several scripts . Nearly a decade later , he commissioned a new screenplay from Isobel Lennart . When studios did n't bite , Lennart adapted her script for Broadway , with Jule Styne and Bob Merrill getting the nod to write the songs . Stark tapped a young Barbra Streisand , already a Broadway sensation in `` I can get it for you wholesale '' to play the Brice . The rest is entertainment history.This DVD presentation is spectacular in quality , but its `` Special Features '' pale in comparison to those of `` The Way We Were . '' The documentaries `` Barbra in Movieland '' and `` This is Streisand '' are almost camp in their approach and scope , and I long for a present-day interview -LRB- better yet , audio commentary -RRB- with la Streisand that would have put the making of this film in better context . I 'm hoping her future films , especially her directorial efforts , include a director commentary and background footage . -LRB- Barbra , can you hear me ? -RRB- That said , Funny Girl is still the centerpiece any Streisand fan 's collection . A must have .
 Barbara 's first movie is not only a hit , but a classic as well . She and Omar Sharif do a sensational job on this wonderful romantic comedy . You 'll love it and will want to watch it over and over again !
 Prior to watching `` Funny Girl , '' I had no idea of who either Barbra or Fanny were . I felt the sentiment and meaning behind the movie -LRB- a sweet girl ca n't get all the breaks -- it 's either her own professional success on stage or a gambling husband -RRB- and am now both a Streisand and a Brice fan . This film is recommended to those either unsure of who the great Fanny Brice was or to those unaware of Barbra 's unlimited talents . In reality , it 's for all `` people , people who need people . '' Shariff 's performance was great as well , as was Kay Medford 's , who played Fanny 's mother Rose . Ziegfeld will make you laugh and remind you of your grandpa and Barbra will make you giggle and tear up because she is so innocent and yet has such defiance and strength , at least in the beginning . `` I 'd Rather Be Blue Over You , '' `` My Man , '' `` Do n't Rain on My Parade , '' `` People , '' and `` I 'm the Greatest Star '' are some of the catchy musical numbers in the film . If you do n't cry the first time you watch it , rewind it and figure out what you have missed . You 'll find that Barbra truly does have `` 36 expressions , '' if not a couple more . Watch closely and you 'll see them all . The characterizations she uses are amazingly timeless . She 'll `` light up like a light '' in this biographical film . Enjoy .
 `` I 'd rather be blue thinking of youI 'd rather be blue over youThan be happy with somebody else ... `` I 've always thought Barbra to be one of the most beautiful women in the world and in this movie she also radiates a stunning internal fire that I am sure still takes men 's breath away . She is not only comical , cute and courageous ; she displays so many qualities men love all while playing a somewhat innocent role next to the more worldly wise Nick Arnstein . The comedic elements are laugh out loud funny and the romantic scenes dramatic and heart elating or tear inducing.Together they are polar opposites drawn to each other by their differences all while recognizing the similarities in their life purpose goals . While Fanny Brice falls into luck , Nick Arnstein -LRB- Omar Sharif -RRB- meets her when he is at his zenith . His love for her almost seems to make his wildly adventurous life seem less attractive and as he commits himself to his marriage , he starts to lose his Poker face . As he makes his money playing Poker , Fanny continues on her rise to the stars . Her stardom soon starts to make Nick feel insignificant and no matter what she tries to accomplish , all her plans for his success are thwarted by his pride.Part of the movie was filmed at the Jersey Central Railway Station and in the special features they show a very small portion of the filming . However , the theatre settings , country homes and train station bring rare beauty and details that only serve to enhance the romance.The vulnerability while singing `` I 'd Rather be Blue '' is a rare scene with Streisand on lime green roller skates and purple stockings in front of dusty red curtains framing a scene of an Italian garden complete with cypress trees . And who could not love her in the Bride Scenes , which are spectacular in all their sparkling beauty and classy choreographed style . She is most beautiful in her sparkly blue outfit laughing on the red couch in front of ruby wallpapered walls as Omar sings
 William Wyler was a perfectionist . Barbra Streisand is a perfectionist . Hence , the perfect DVD
 It 's no coincidence that when Barbra performed live , she looked back upon her repertoire of music and chose things like `` People '' and `` Do n't Rain on My Parade '' to sing . The score to the Broadway show and this movie is one of the best musical scores ever , no doubt made better by Streisand 's incomparable voice . The movie itself is beautifully filmed , and while some of the editing leaves a bit to be desired , it tells the story of the comedic legend Fanny Brice . Brice , whose career Streisand 's seemed to have an uncanny likeness , was one of the Ziegfeld legends , and it 's fitting that a legend in the making was chosen to play her on the stage and the big screen . Streisand turns in one of her best performances in all of her movies , and her ability to relate to her character is readily apparent in both her acting and her vocal interpretations of the many wonderful songs . While the VHS edition of the movie has been on my shelf for many years , I saw a preview of the DVD and it 's simply awesome . Definitely one for the collection , whether you 're a Streisand fan or not .
 This movie along with most of her others is begging to be released on DVD . Please Barbra , do it for your fans .
 Barbra 's performance in `` Funny Girl '' is stunning . You can hardly take your eyes off of her and soar with her as she sings `` People , '' `` My Man , '' and `` Do n't Rain On My Parade . '' The only problem with this video is that it was not released in the widescreen format . This film was made for widescreen viewing and so -LRB- unforgivably -RRB- Barbra 's head is off screen as she sings `` People . '' It has been 32 years since the film was released . When will the WIDESCREEN version come out on tape or DVD ?
 My only question
 '' ... in the world ! `` Back in '68 that 's how the tagline for FUNNY GIRL read , taking it 's insiration from Streisand 's signature tune . For once , the line that was only meant to sell tickets was actually telling the truth.I 've seen this film nearly 100 , and evey time it never fails to humor me , touch me , and inpire me . I will never be able to describe what this film means to me .
 I purchased this movie for my mom as a birthday present . She had mentioned the movie all throughout my life , yet I had never watched it . A few days after her birthday we decided to sit down and watch it and I was instantly hooked . The acting , the feel , the music ! Everything about this movie was amazing . In fact , I enjoyed Streisand 's character so much that I wound up naming my Shih Tzu puppy `` Fanny Ziegfeld Brice . '' : -RRB- Be warned
 The film of `` Funny Girl '' was awaited with much anticipation after all the tremendous publicity given to Barbra Streisand following her stunning portrayal of Fanny Brice in the hit Broadway show . Streisand won the Best Actress Oscar for her role in the film -LRB- but had to share the award with Katharine Hepburn -RRB- . The young Fanny Brice -LRB- Barbra Streisand -RRB- desperately wants to be a success in show business and after a shaky start thinks she has made it when she lands a part in a big Ziegfeld show . Ziegfeld -LRB- Walter Pidgeon -RRB- and Fanny clash over various matters connected with the show due to her strong personality but her talent shines through and she eventually becomes a major star . She meets gambler Nicky Arnstein -LRB- Omar Sharif -RRB- and falls madly in love with him . Unfortunately , his gambling habits get him in trouble with the police causing Fanny much sadness and anguish . However , she manages to overcome these problems to concentrate on her career and becomes a big Broadway star.The film was directed by the legendary William Wyler and produced by Ray Stark -LRB- who was in fact Fanny Brice 's son-in-law ! -RRB- . The film had a superior supporting cast including Kay Medford -LRB- repeating her Broadway role as Rose Brice -RRB- , Anne Francis -LRB- Georgia James -RRB- , Lee Allen -LRB- Eddie Ryan -RRB- , Gerald Mohr -LRB- Branca -RRB- , and Frank Faylen as Keeney.Some favourite lines from the film : Barbra Streisand -LRB- to her reflection in theatre mirror -RRB-
 FUNNY GIRL stars a suspenseful pace , dazzling production values , thoroughly entertaining musical numbers , and a young woman who tickles the soul from the opening scene to the last . Isobel Lennart 's topnotch screenplay and expert direction by William Wyler -LRB- BEN-HUR -RRB- make adapting a Broadway musical to film seem painless . The A-plus DVD -LRB- with FUNNY GIRL 's original aspect ratio , Overture , Entr ` acte after Intermission , and Exit Music -RRB- turns the already thrilling FUNNY GIRL into the movie theater rollercoaster of yesterday . -LRB- The `` Do n't Rain On My Parade '' sequence pumps the heart like BEN-HUR 's chariot race . -RRB-
 Beautiful romance with lots of laughs . Who could resist ? An essential classic . Streisand let 's us see what an amazingentertainer Fanny Brice was -- just amazing .
 Received movie pretty fast . Quality was ubelievably crisp . My 12 year old daughter is singing Do n't Rain on My Parade for Audition and she need to see what the words meant and sure enough now she gets it and and as I knew she would has watched the movie 3 times to boot . Thanks !!!
 I bought this for my mom for Christmas . She loves this movie ! She used to look up the songs on YouTube and sing them and now she does n't have to !
 This film has always been and will always be one of my all-time faves ! Although I think a lot of costumers rate films too highly , FUNNY GIRL is worthy of all five stars and probably a few more . Barbra Streisand richly deserved the Best Actress Oscar that she won for this film , I have never such a versatile performance before or since . If loved her performance here -LRB- which I 'm sure you will -RRB- then you should also check out WHAT 'S UP , DOC ? , UP THE SANDBOX , THE WAY WE WERE , and NUTS , which are also some of her best performances . This film is a true classic !
 Absolutely loved this movie ... . she was amazing in this role . This movie also made me a fan of Omar Sharif , as well . I especially love the song `` Funny Girl . ''
 Barbra is wonderful in her first movie . She and Fanny Brice have a lot in common and Streisand did a wonderful job .
 Barbra Streisand reprised her role from Broadway to Hollywood as the legendary comedian Fanny Bryce -LRB- 1891-1951 -RRB- in Julie Styne 's masterpiece `` Funny Girl '' . The stage production debuted on Broadway in 1964 , and was nominated for 8 Tony Awards thereafter -LRB- including Best Actress , Best Actor , and Best Musical -RRB- . So when the production was adapted from stage to screen , Streisand kept her role as Bryce and Omar Sharif played leading man , Nick Arnstein . What is striking , and makes `` Funny Girl '' truly unique , is the fact that a movie musical can be greatly comical , yet dramatic at the same time . The film 's focus is on the turbulent , on/off romance between Bryce and Arnstein and it 's bitter end . The story begins with Fanny looking back at her humble beginnings in a small Jewish community . She was a girl who did n't possess the beauty required of Ziegfeld-caliber showgirls , but she did have an amazing vocal range -LRB- no acting required by Streisand -RRB- . Along the way to stardom , Fanny discovers her inability to ` play it straight ' , and her ability to make the audience laugh because of this quality . But soon , the joke 's on her in the end when she realizes that she has been using her comedy as a way to shut out her troubles and not confront her problems . Throughout the film , Streisand delivers consistently in the acting department -LRB- hence , the Academy Award for Best Actress -RRB- . And much of composer , Julie Styne 's , original score remained intact in the film . Most of these songs have become the show tunes we all know and love , like `` Do n't Rain On My Parade '' , `` Second Hand Rose '' , and `` People '' -LRB- the latter of which became Streisand 's first # 1 hit on the Billboard charts -RRB- . In addition , two new songs were added and became as equally popular as some of the aforementioned numbers . The title song was penned into the film along with the poignant closing number , `` My Man '' . All in all , ` Funny Girl ' has been a fondly remembered and brilliant film featuring -LRB- arguably -RRB- the greatest female performer of the 20th century . The accolades are a mute testimony to the film 's true greatness . In the spring following its release , ` Funny Girl ' garnered 8 Academy Award nominations , including Best Original Score , Best Music , Best Supporting Actress -LRB- Kay Medford -RRB- , Best Actress -LRB- Barbra Streisand -RRB- , and Best Picture . In addition , it picked up 3 Golden Globe nominations for Best Director -LRB- William Wyler -RRB- , Best Actress -LRB- Barbra Streisand -RRB- , and Best Original Song . This is perhaps the only movie musical that intergrades all elements of the performing arts -LRB- comedy , drama , music , etc. -RRB- without losing sight of its permeating concept .
 You do not have to be a Barbra Streisand fan to love this movie -- nobody was when it appeared in 1968 , since no one knew who she was back then . But just try to resist the galvanizing performance she gives in this movie , for which she won an Oscar . This movie features a dazzling array of spectacular musical numbers , all belted out with brilliant gusto by Streisand . The sets , costumes and true story come together in a captivating romance that still catches in your throat . Omar Sharif looks impossibly dashing as Nicky Arnstein , and the many moments between Streisand and Sharif sparkle with real chemistry , missing from so many movies nowadays . And Streisand , whose performance is fresh and without her later mannerisms firmly in place , generates a surprising sensuality with every breath she takes , every note she sings . Given that this movie takes place in a world already long gone , it never feels dated -- more like a perfectly realized time capsule of time and place . For my money , Barbra 's PEOPLE , sung on that lovely street corner , remains one of the most alluring and thrilling moments in musical movies .
 `` FUNNY GIRL '' is arguably Barbra Streisand 's best film ; probably because , as Fanny Brice , Barbra was human andvulnerable ; qualities she has rarely displayed on screen since . -LRB- In `` THE WAY WE WERE '' , another three handkerchief weepie , she comes close . -RRB- `` FUNNY GIRL '' is one of my favorite movies from my teen-age years , but I certainly see it differently as an adult.As a musical biopic , `` FUNNY GIRL '' is a mixed bag . Several of the best songs from the original Broadway production , noteably `` Coronet Man , '' `` Who Are You Now ? '' and `` The Music That Makes Me Dance '' , are absent from the film version . This is probably due to director William Wyler 's inexperience with musicals . Composer Jule Styne was reportedly furious about the musical omissions . Herbert Ross directed the musical numbers that did survive , Wyler did the rest . Somehow , though , Barbra 's amazing charisma and the spirit of Fanny Brice herself carry the viewer over numerous rough spots.The film is best when depicting Fanny 's tremendous drive and deterimination to succeed in show-business , which mirrors Barbra 's own . Whereas Barbra 's quest for perfection and control made her an untouchable , unreachable star , I suspect Fanny always essentially stayed a kid from Brooklyn . Nobody from show-biz came pounding on Fanny Brice 's door . So , Fanny opened doors herself , and paved the way for generations of unconventional , talented funny girls after her . If Fanny had lived in our generation , she would have undoubtedly earned a top spot on `` Saturday Night Live '' or something similar . She did become a top star of the Zigfeld Follies , but on her own terms , I 'll bet . In the musical , she wants the audience to laugh with her instead of at her . So , she sticks a pillow under a wedding gown and turns a lavish Zigfeld production number into a comic farce . She feels the wrath of the Great Zigfeld -LRB- Walter Pidgeon -RRB- immediately afterwards , but even he admits her comic instincts were brilliant . He hated it , but the audience loved it.In terms of depicting Fanny 's less than brilliant private life , the musical is a sketchy and inaccurrate mess . Fanny was briefly married to Harold White before she met and married gambler/con man Nick Arnstein -LRB- Omar Sharif -RRB- . So , Nick was Fanny 's second , not first , husband . But the audience is not likely to quibble over the facts . WhenBarbra sings `` Do n't Rain On My Parade '' and Fanny Brice 's signature song `` My Man '' , the movie is sheer , absolute , bliss.The picture and sound quality , and the Interactive Menu , on the DVD are superb . This is a restored print.Barbra has often said that `` FUNNY GIRL '' is her favorite movie . Sadly , there is no Audio Commentary . If Barbra would -LRB- please ! -RRB- someday do an Audio Commentary for another DVD edition , then the audience would truly be `` the luckiest people in the world ! '' Oh , Barbra tied with Katharine Hepburn in `` The Lion In Winter '' for `` Best Actress '' of 1968 -- the only `` Best Actress Tie '' in the history of the Academy Awards.To see the real Fanny Brice on film , check out 1938 's `` EVERYBODY SING '' from MGM . I do n't know if it is out on DVD . Fanny plays Olga , the Yiddish maid to Judy Garland 's daffy theatrical family . Billie Burke -LRB- Glinda in `` THE WIZARD OF OZ '' , and widow of Fanny 's former boss Florenz Zigfeld -RRB- plays the scatter-brained mother.It 's Judy Garland 's show , but Fanny proves she is a funny girl when she gets into the act as her celebrated Baby Snooks character . Barbra is dressed as Baby Snooks in `` FUNNY GIRL '' in the scene where reporters ask Fanny about Nick Arnstein 's criminal activities . She answers back in comical , Baby Snooks fashion until one reporter asks a question that hits a raw , emotional nerve .
 The whole thing is Streisand . And she is really tremendous here . Her energy freshness comic sense are all winning elements , but of course what does above all is the voice . The voice has character in the more humorous numbers and it has such ` feeling pure feeling ' in the ` People ' and ` My Man ' numbers . Streisand in one shot establishes here as the supreme feminine singing talent , and as a comic actress of real quality.I do not know how serious one has to take the plot and the story . What the picture really says is that there is this talent Barbra Streisand who will just knock you out with every little thing she does .
 I 've been waiting for this new version of FUNNY GIRL since the announcement of a possible 30th Annivesary release back in 1998 . I am glad Columbia waited and perfected the necessary to present this fabulous version with restored picture and sound . I went to see the limited re-release at the Ziegfeld Theatre in NYC on 9/8 -LRB- albeit we had a hack of a projectionist who was a last minute substitute for the regular one that did n't show up -RRB- . This road-show edition adds back the Overture in its full version -LRB- as heard on the Quad copy of the soundtrack album vs. the edited on on the Stereo album and CD -RRB- , the Intermission and second act music , as well as the Exit music over new credits regarding the restoration after the regular credits . The new technicolor print is glorious . Even on the big screen , the clarity was unbelievable . Watching the heartbreaking MY MAN at the end on the DVD , I actually for the first time saw the tears coming down Fanny 's face as she sang ... that 's how much clarity.The Widescreen edition lets you see the entire spectrum which make some scenes more logical vs. pan-scan . The songs and incidental music is the best quality , even surpassing the digitally remastered CD issued a few years ago . From what I understood originally , I was expecting a `` deleted scenes '' section or `` director 's cut '' version that would show some outtakes , specifically 3 scenes -LRB- early in the film where Nick just lost a fortune , moved into a tenament , learned he just made another bankroll and went back to a swanky hotel ; the full 9 minute or so SWAN LAKE sequence ; and a scene with Anne Francis in the Arnstein apartment telling Fanny off just prior to the part where Fanny is on the phone , hangs up and her mother asks he if she ever butted into her life -RRB- . These did not make it on the DVD or recut into the film . However , there are the treats of 2 pre-opening featurettes on where they filmed the train depot sequences and Do n't Rain on My Parade , as well as another featurette called THIS IS STREISAND . You will also be amazed that in the beginning , after a montage of scenes from the film , an animation of lights come up recreating the marquee that you see in the beginning of the film , then listing your choices . The new bright-pink box also makes sure `` you see it '' . Fans of this film , and novices wanting to see it for the first time , do n't bother with a VHS . Get this one !
 If you love Barbra , you love the funny girl . She is passionate , funny , and yes , gorgeous . When she sings that she is the greatest star , you believe it . When she laughs , the world laughs . When she cries , the world cries . This musical jump started her career , and teaches a lesson on love and success . Buy it . Watch it . Love it .
 I saw this movie as a teenager and loved it . Barbra Streisand is timeless . I ca n't wait to add Funny Girl to my collection .
 I am very satisfied , would gladly do business with this Vendor and most definitely recommend to ALL of my friends.TB Lloyd II , USN -LRB- ret -RRB-
 I purchased this as a gift , but assume that it was satisfactory as I have not heard otherwise .
 I PURCHASED THIS DVD OF FUNNY GIRL FOR MY BEST FRIEND FOR CHRISTMAS AND SHE WAS STUNNED THAT I WAS ABLE TO GET IT . ACCORDING TO HER IT WAS FANTASIC WATCHING IT IN THE COMFORT OF HER HOME AND HAD BEEN SEARCHING FOR IT IN AUSTRALIA FOR QUITE A LONG TIME . SO THANKS FOR GETTING IT TO ME ON TIME . I MADE HER DAYREGARDSLYN
 I am NOT a Barbara fan at all and i do n't think of her as a nice person either but in this film she is magic ! I really do n't think anybody else could really play the part of Fanny except for her . If you ever see any of Fanny Brice 's movies you can see that Babs and her are very much alike to the point of being scary.I am also glad that this film has been restored to it 's natural Roadshow quality which is the only reason why i bought it . So i do recommend this DVD highly but if you read my review on `` Hello Dolly '' you 'll notice that i was n't kind at all . But just like Funny Girl was written for Barbara , Hello Dolly was written for Carol Channing , , , , end of story .
 This is my favourite film of all-time ! Though Streisand has made many other great films over the past years , this is still her best . I agree with the previous reviewer , her rendition of `` My Man '' was worth the Oscar alone .
 James Caan and Barbara Streisand are awesome togetherThis is a great movie . I originally saw it because it was on AFI 's 100 greatest romances . And it is a great romance , because the movie 's character 's have the kind of chemistry of people who love each other , but also relentlessly get on each other 's nerves -LRB- and if you 've seen `` Two For The Road or are a fan of Sam and Diane , then you know that those are some of the best stories -RRB- . Do n't rent this is you 're looking for the typical boy meets girl formula . Rent this if you want to hear great music -LRB- I 'm buying the soundtrack immediately -RRB- and see Barbra 's awesome acting chops -LRB- her character , Fanny Bryce is the kinda hard-nosed girl who says everything you 'd want to say -RRB- this is an absolute must-see .
 Although I love this movie and have waited for it to be released on DVD , I was dissapointed in the fact that it was just the same release as the VHS copy which I have had for years . I would have thought a movie of this interest would have been restored to it 's Roadshow presentation as have other movies of the same age , ` FIDDLER ON THE ROOF ' ` LAWRENCE OF ARABIA ' , etc.The color is great , the sound is good . Just wished they had presented it ` COMPLETE ' as on opening night .
 Excellent movie . But why is the U.S. version missing all the extras found on the region 2 release ?
 Okay , this is a biased review as some of my footage was used in this movie . But I must say , the story is a twisted one and throws a hefty curve ball at you in the end . The title would imply the stereotypical `` Bermuda Triangle '' theme , but that is not the case here . This is a mind bender along the lines of `` No Way Out '' where the story drops a bombshell at the very end.Triangle - Lenticular Packaging
 This DVD is the same asTrianglebut comes with a Lenticular cover sleeve instead . I assume the rest of the DVD is the same as once the sleeve comes off you get the same cover . Basically all the reviews for Triangle apply to this one as well since they 're the same . I 'll try not to repeat the others since those reviews apply to this movie as well.It is focused on Jess -LRB- Melissa George -RRB- in rushing to a yacht for a getaway out into the sea for a day of sailing which turns deadly at the drop of a hat . The movie has that ever `` Twilight Zone '' feel to it and ones looking for horror , thrills and suspense wo n't find it around each corner but they are hidden in there . The movie certainly requires another viewing to catch more clues and lets you figure out the meaning at the end . You have to remind yourself that this is n't reality you 're viewing or is it really a mixture of reality and something else ? Just think of it as `` unexplained events '' thus avoiding the unanswered questions you may have while watching . I give credit to Melissa George on covering this role and think she did a wonderful job on the movie giving it more depth than a more unknown actress would have in the lead role . I 'm glad they went the traditional way of filming and did n't do no `` Blair Witch '' type of thing with a camcorder .
 A `` Must Watch '' if you appreciate this genre . Dont read too many reviews , go into it cold and just watch the movie unfold . To be more descriptive would spoil the movie , however , watch it , enjoy it and then watch the `` making of '' and extra materials and you will understand its complexity and background . After watching thousands of movies I can say this is in my top 100 . Enjoy ! Note
 because it 's a good one . I 've seen it classified as horror but it 's not a horror flick in the sense of ghouls jumping out at you . Rather it 's a horror film in the realm of ideas , so it could just as easily be classed as science fiction . I 'll compare it with Groundhog Day in that it 's a time-loop film but whereas Groundhog Day is comedic , Triangle is dark . Bill Murray had the advantage that he always had great recollection of his time loops but what if you 're the character and it 's not like that ? What if the only thing you have left of the loop is deja vu , some hazy feeling that you 've been here before ? How would you know where you are in the loop ? Melissa George does n't know . Neither do we . Watch the movie .
 I love these types of movies -LRB- suspense horror -RRB- , they make you wonder and keep you guessing about what 's real and what 's fantasy all the way through the movie ... edge of seat stuff here . I wo n't spoil the ending , but it just nicely ties in the entire story . I 'll be buying this one in blu-ray for my horror collection . If you 're a horror genre fan you 'll enjoy this movie .
 I agree with the other reviewer , this is a good film and dealing with a sensitive subject of white slavery which is now politically incorrect in entertainment , but nonetheless has a huge following as one of those guilty pleasures.For those who are tired of having to stay within politically correct barriers and enjoy this genre and high level of production quality and good acting , check out www.boundheat.com website that carries plenty more of these from the same production group .
 Chained Heat III Hell Mountain is about a man who wants to free his lover from Hell Mountain . Which is quite well and is fast going . So you do not get a total inside look at Hell Mountain . Just a person trying to save his girlfriend.I picked up Bound Heat Caged Rage by the same film studio . They used a lot of the scenes . More background into the story . And , was much better . Where everyone thrieves for power except for a thief which wants one thing freedom . It had more of an inside look at what was going on in Hell Mountain . And , they left the ending out of Hell Mountain out of this and ended with a cliffhanger . Those who like Chained Heat III a must to have from the Bound Het Series , Caged Rage.But , by no means is Hell Mountain in the Chained Heat Series . I wonder if it was to please the US Fan Base to name it into the Chained Heat Series . For those who love Chained Heat.And , there are not a lot of post apoloyptic prison films . But , Chained Heat III Hell Mountain and with it 's best inside version Bound Heat Caged Rage . This prison film shows with no doubt a very sensitive subject which most film industries try to avoid and that is white slavery.For those buying this film I suggest you to find Bound Heat Caged Rage then you will have a much more appreciation of this film .
 I really enojoy this movie . I watched it all the time when I was younger , and it always made me cry , and still does . Even though I watched it as a kid , it does n't geared towards children to me for some reason . Mainly b/c it 's somewhat dark and I did n't really understand it as a child , but I still liked it . I definitely appreciate it more now , and it still makes me sad . Almost like a drama more than a cartoon I would say . I also really like the animation . I 've never seen another cartoon like this one . It seems almost like a gothic style cartoon . I ca n't really describe it , but I like it ! I would reccomend this to anyone .
 People take note
 When I was a kid , I used to select this movie at the video store over and over every time my aunt took me to pick a rental . So of course I had to buy it as an adult . I think the appeal as a kid was simply because it was about unicorns , which I loved and collected -LRB- and still do -RRB- . Now ? I 'm not sure . The movie is confusing , complicated , and not exactly a kid 's story . I picked up the book recently , hoping it would add insight to the film , as films are always condensed , and it did . I have to say this is one instance I like the movie better . The unicorn - usually portrayed as such amazing creatures , was such a snob in the book , frankly . She was untouchable . She was perfect and had no compassion . It was n't because she was mean . It was simply bacause she was SO perfect , nothing mattered . Or something like that . In the movie , the unicorn , while still coming across as infallible , was also kind.I originally owned the other DVD edition of this movie and had to replace it because this was the `` 25th Anniversary Edition '' and I thought it would be special . As years passed in between viewings , I am uncertain , but ... was this edited ? I could have sworn when Molly Grue met the unicorn , she yelled `` Damn you ! Damn you ! '' several times . Not `` How dare you ! '' While that 's a pretty mean way to greet a beautiful unicorn for the first time , I really do n't like my movies edited . Besides , damn is pretty much the most mild swear word there is . Anyway , the harpie still had her boobs , and that was one ugly bird !
 I actually have not seen this DVD release , and so ca n't comment to the quality . The film itself , though , is really quite good and has been one of my favorites since I first saw it at the age of 4 . The themes are profound and universal , and are realized in a subtle and graceful manner . I actually think the film may surpass the book in expressiveness , which is a rare thing . There are many gems here , but , for me , it is the story 's villains that are most expressive . Haggard is a poignant and near perfect symbol of all that is bitter and blind . In the delusion that is jadedness , he believes he can hold prisoner the one spark of beauty he is able to perceive , and he can not understand that in doing so he is destroying it . Good stuff .
 Loved this movie as a little boy . Was always a little strange to me , but with a great original story , and music , its a good one to have . Doesnt look as good on blu-ray though . However , a 30 year old animated movie cant get to crispy picture-wise , if u think about it . Comes with the blu-ray AND dvd . Pick it up
 I have loved this movie since a very young child when I would watch our VHS tape of it that we taped off of TV . Once that tape finally gave out I looked to amazon to get it on DVD so I would always have it . I 'm 19 now and I watch this movie still about a couple times a month . I do n't know what it is , but it just had this power over that just makes me so freakin ' happy ! I love everything about it.Now , about this particular version
 If you have not seen this movie yet , and are a fantasy fanatic , then you had better see it soon . It is the perfect blend of mystery , fantasy , intrigue , and romance . Like a really good cup of coffee , if you ask me . Up until I saw it was re-released when I last visited this site , I thought i would never see it again . Now I ca n't wait to buy it !! As I said before if you have n't seen it , see it !!!
 I own this movie and let me tell you , it is the most beautiful thing I have ever seen ! Once long ago I lost a friend and I watched this movie every night for 2 weeks . This movie helped me through the hardships of my life . It made me focus on happiness instead of sorrow . I truley recomend this movie for people in pain .
 I remember seeing this movie for the first time . Mom took my brother and I out to see it right after it was released ... on the night of the worst storm I ever remember . Parking lots were flooded out , and we were the only people in the theater . Which was good , because when a movie hits you like this one did , you need a little space to enjoy it . I was rocked by terror , glee , love , and every other emotion a 6 year old heart could muster . I managed to snag a really rotten copy of this from network TV 8 years ago , and I 've seen it so many times since then that the tape is wearing out . If you have even a shred of love for your childhood , then this is a movie for you !
 I REALLY want to watch this movie amain . I would give anything . But in my town it is not at the video-stores or at any stores I have been to . I liked the unicorn the best . The red bull was scary and so was the harpy . The prince was handsome . It was so touching and the animation and the music was beautiful . I have n't seen it since I was 8 and I would LOVE to see it again . I would strongly recommend buying this movie . It is one you will want to see over and over again . P.S. I think this movie should get an award .
 A haunting tale of innocence , regret and greed . Great animation . It left me with similar feelings of awe , wonder , sadness and loss that The Neverending Story did -LRB- this movie is n't anything like TNS though -RRB- . I have always wondered why more people do n't know about it . An antidote to cutesy nonsense kids ' movies .
 This is one of those movies I remember watching and renting as a kid . For a while it seemed relatively hard to find . But with internet sale in the last several years theres no so such thing anymore . I would like to see it out in DVD .
 This is one of my favorite movies ! Even though the animation is not as modern as some , I think it is one of the best movies ever . My sister and I have loved it for years . We still watch it !
 From the time I first watched this movie , about age 5 or so , and up until now I have watched this movie at least once every year . I have never been so affected or inspired by a film . The songs and animation are unique , beautiful and moving . But the story and impression it made on me was very deep and almost spiritual . As `` mature '' as I am now I still cry my eyes out when I watch it . It is not a movie that many people have seen and so far I have only met two people who saw it at some time in their life and remembered it for all its beauty . I know it may sound crazy , but when I meet those who have seen it I have a greater inclination to get to know them and I think they understand a secret I behold deep in my heart and soul . I dare not say it here ... but I long for the day I meet someone who shares this treasured knowledge . Watch this movie for any reason - you may gain something .
 This is a truly gorgeous movie , and finally available in the format it deserves . I have the remastered German DVD from which this one was copied ; if they do as good a job in the American version as in the European , then it will be a masterpiece and a marvelous demonstrator for any expensive home theater.However , until Granada relents and agrees to pay Peter S. Beagle the royalties owed to him for this film , you should purchase it directly from Beagle 's publisher , Conlan Press , so that he gets a cut of the proceeds .
 My boys never wanted to watch this `` girlie '' movie , until I told them a shortened version for a bedtime story . Then I told them that we had the movie , and they watched it . They were stuck to the TV , they would not move ! I 'm glad that they like it as much as I did , and still do !
 I remember watching this film as a child -LRB- whether is was renting it , owning it , or seeing it on the Disney Channel -RRB- and it 's one of those old classics that has managed to reappear in my movie library . I had the beat up VHS copy last and I 've recently given it the upgrade it deserved -LRB- especially after the VHS mysteriously disapeared when I wasn ; t home ... seriously , that did happen and it sucked ! But back to my review -RRB- and I have to hand it to you ... The picture
 I remember as a young child going to the movie theaters with my family . Seeing this movie brings back so many memories . I remember feeling scared for the Unicorn as well as hoping that everything would turn out good . I am really glad I was able to find this movie on amazon . Great Movie !!!!!
 I 'm a fan of The Last Unicorn , and think it 's a great movie for kids and adults . But I was also one of those that were ripped-off by Lionsgate on the first release of the DVD which IMHO was one of the worse releases onto DVD I ever saw , I seen $ 3.99 DVD 's the looked far better.So since my trust in Lionsgate is ` Zero ' I 'll wait until after release and see what people say . Some may disagree , but Lionsgate is the one to blame .
 This is a movie I kept waiting for it to be released in DVD , a movie from a little of the crew of Ghibli Studios.Full of magic , hope , and human nature.I highly recomend it
 This movie ranks among my all-time favorites . Sure , the animation may not be perfect , and the DVD release could be better , and there are just a couple of thematic elements here and there that I could do without , but nonetheless , this movie is a classic.It 's a wonderful movie about unicorns and love and destiny , and discovering who you are . The music is brilliant , and the actors are superb . If I could be any character in this movie , I 'd like to be the butterfly , or the cat , or the talking skull , or even Mommy Fortuna !
 Like so many people here -LRB- more than I expected -RRB- , this early 1980s film -LRB- regardless of some animation flaws -- I still find its unique art intriguing -RRB- The Last Unicorn is also my all-time favorite movie -LRB- and I 'm a 20 year-old straight male originally from Idaho !! -RRB- . It is poetic , the music composed beautifully , the storyline enthralling and the animation effects more than decent . The Last Unicorn is presented here on DVD but the original VHS version at the time of its initial release and during the 90s is best , as it is the original format the movie was presented in . Beautiful , in every aspect , and recommended for ALL .
 First of all those of you old enough to drive should n't let the awful boxart scare you away . This is a film for the older set as well . This version -LRB- which I own -RRB- has had profanity removed and in only one instance can I say it was needed in the film and should have been left alone . Not only that but they did n't cut out the footage so there 's some really confusing silence for a few seconds . This is a wonderful story that is n't all happy endings and singing furry-woodland creatures . There are only two songs sung by the characters and still those are more montages . Full of memorable characters and lovely artwork I recommend this for people of all ages . Just print out the picture for the original 1982 releases box art and paste it over this one . The chracters are the highlight of this story . And read the book ! It 's even better and full of those little moments that make a story stay with you .
 The Last Unicorn stands out as that rarest of beasts
 Do n't be confused by the negative reviews . Nearly all refer to the earlier full screen , Artisan , DVD which I would call miserable except I do n't want to give miserable a bad name . For some reason Amazon simply transfered the reviews from the vastly inferior Artisan release . This is a new release in wide screen , fully remastered and superior in every way.The sound & colors are all fresh and nearly flawless . Gone are the scratches , dirt specks , faded colors and muddy sound . I find the artwork appealing in it 's simplicity in a day of photo-realistic animated movies and I love the story and music.In a few cases the remastered colors seem a little too intense and sometimes odd but overall it 's an outstanding release of a wonderful film.Whatever you do , do n't buy the Artisan full-screen version .
 I loved it ! I felt like a kid again . This is what we need in these times , a little bit of innocence and hope . No matter how old we are , we can still be children again . I enjoyed watching it with my nieces and nephews .
 This story is one of my all time favorites . The movie is great , but the book is magical . I just love it !!!!
 The Last Unicorn is my favorite movie of all time . I have loved it since I first watched this when I was a little boy , and I love it just as much now as I ever did it is a good movie for all but The DVD says it has special features , but I ca n't find them !
 As anyone who as seen this as a child this is a must have , no features but you get the movie and you get to relive your childhood . Including the cheesy 80s music
 This is another good family movie that can be loved by young and old a like . It is a well made movie and I would recommend to any one .
 Great movie for kids or those who remember this movie from their childhood
 At long Last consumers and fans will be able to see The Last Unicorn in a better transfer and in widescreen . All of the specs have not been confirmed at this time but it will have a DD 5.1 mix in Widescreen should have a doc . / trailer / NO commentary track according to some sources . But it has much better cover art that is for sure . Fans should all be very pleased with the fact LionsGate found it worthy to give fans a little somethign extra .
 I used to rent this movie all the time when I was little . My mother used to complain that I should just buy the movie , but I never could find it . Anyway . As far as I can remember , the music was the thing I loved about , because I can still remember the tunes to them . Honestly , this is the most magical movie of my childhood , and I highly reccomend it to anyone who loves unicorns or good stories .
 This movie was one of the greatest of influences to me growing up . It gave me a true sense of wonder and sparked my imagination to create amazing things . In High School I found the book at the library - it was equally spellbinding . At 22 this film is still my all time favorite . It lets me believe that magic is real and knights are left as children on doorsteps . Watch it . Fall in love with Lady Amalphia and the Last Unicorn .
 I gave this to the sister for christmas and she loved it . Perfect condition and excellent ! I would recommend it to everyone .
 This beautiful movie was released when my daughter was young . I am thrilled that it is available for my granddaughter .
 This movie Works great , it Arrived very quickly and and in perfect condition . It made a wonderful present and im happy to have it .
 There 's a lot of depth to the story and dialogue that you would n't expect from a movie about a unicorn . Very touching and thought provoking .
 My daughter loves this movie . We saved the blue ray for when she gets older and nows how to take care of the disc . She is 3 and watches this over and over .
 The Last Unicorn is a timeless treasure that can be enjoyed by children and adults of all ages . Surprisingly , the all-star cast does n't compromise the storyline and artistry of the film . TLU has it all
 I have always loved `` The Last Unicorn '' since I was a kid . When it finally came out in a Blu-ray/DVD combo pack - I was ecstatic ! The quality is amazing and brings the movie I love so much to a whole new life of color and sound . Also , in re-watching I realized that I still love this movie and it is a decent enough adaptation of Peter S. Beagle 's Book of the same name , which is one of my favorite books ! I recommend this item to anyone who has a childlike curiosity - likes magic , animation , and especially JEFF BRIDGES !
 Excellent movie from my childhood . Just as good as I remember it . So happy to be able to buy it again as an adult to share with my neices and nephews . Came to me in perfect condition , arrived before it was scheduled to . Would definitely order from this seller again !
 The last unicorn video was fantastic , it 's about this unicorn that gets captured , needs to leave her animal friends , and she even gets turned into a human . I think there is more than one movie about the last unicorn , but I am talking about a boy that is a wizard -LRB- not a very good one -RRB- , a circus that has lozy animals and a very mean person that image of the animals look like the animals are powerful . If you are a person that enjoys movies about fantasy then READ THIS BOOK !
 I used to watch this movie over and over again when I was a kid . After almost 10 years , I saw it again , and still loved it . The story is touching , moving , and beautiful-truly a family classic .
 I grew up on this movie ... the animation was great for its time and still shows through with effort . Thactors were so great are the voices . The whole story line is a deep part of my exhistance now . My favorite scene is when the molly first sees the unicorn - its so emotional and full of truth . You 'll cry every time you watch it .
 I saw this movie with my little sister . I was about 12 or 13 , and she was around 6 or 7 . I fell in love with this movie , as did she . We watched this movie so many times till we could say the dialogue as the movie played . I wanted to buy this video for my little girl because I wanted to share with her the beauty , humor , and even the sadness of this film . Alot of people feel that the animation is rough but I feel it just adds to the quality of the film . Not all cartoons have to be so perfect . I think it adds a little something extra . Everything in life is not so picture perfect . This film has meant so much to me and my sister , I can only hope that my daughter will see it for the gem it is .
 Do n't you love the butterfly at the beginning . This is the best movie I 've ever seen . As a child I loved it & now as a grown up even more . I encouraged my boyfriend to watch it , but he thought I was crazy until he read all the wonderful reviews . This movie stays near and dear to your heart . For all those who belive in magic , fantasy , love and adventure , get this movie . Parents & kids both will enjoy .
 I used to watch this video all the time when I was about 7 or 8 years old . My Mom and I would go to the video store and I would almost always choose this movie . Now , I am a senior in High School and have been wondering whatever became of one of my favorite videos . I am so happy that it is back in circulation and will hopefully get my copy soon .
 I LOVE this movie ! My parent 's taped it for me when I was little , but they ended up taping over it again . I 'm so glad that it 's out for video . Now I can buy it myself ! I have always been interested in fairytale-like movies.Now I add yet another to my HUGE collection !
 CAST -LRB- Voices of -RRB-
 I always love reading the adult reviews of cartoons , especially if they never saw the cartoon as a child . Every child 's movie has plot holes . Get over it . I saw this movie when I was very young and watched it a lot . I did n't like every character in the movie , including the prince . I watched it because of the unicorn . That is the point right ? I mean it is about unicorns.I also love the people crying out over the two instances of ` damn ' and the supposed adult situations . Do you let your children outside ? Swear words are everyhere . You ca n't walk down the street anymore without hearing a string of them . Do n't isolate your children , teach them that swear words make you look uneducated . Disney has adult situations in almost all of it 's movies . In fact it is getting worse , such as the one liners that I hope go over childrens ' heads . You all really need to watch the modren cartoons . There are adult themes , sex , and other subtle things around every corner . I also like the people proclaiming Disney over this movie . Disney makes people perfect , makes them all look the same and acceptable and in the end creates unbelievable happy endings . I would take a talking butterfly over the endless musical hack numbers that are jammed into any Disney film . Do n't subject your children to such things . They really are more intelligent then that.The bottom line is that this movie at least has a theme that is n't sugar coated . It is approriate for children but I would watch it with children under the age of ten just because of a couple of scenes that might scare them , such as the harpie . Children 's movies are silly and have plot holes and have reality issues but they are written for children - not for adults . There is a lot of good material in this movie - at the least it teaches courage . The last unicorn in the end faces her fears and wins . The plot is original and has n't been done to death . I 've never seen another movie like it and hope that no one tries to remake it . It 's definitely worth at least a rental from the movie store.I have it on VHS and seeing all the comments about the DVD I would rent it from the video store or try to find it second hand . The VHS video quality is actually quite good and is not grainy at all .
 This was my GF 's favorite movie when she was little so i bought it for her on DVD . She loved it but I think the only way I could watch is it if I had mass doses of psyco drugsoverall though , its cool . 'cause your the last unicorrnnnnnnn , ahhhhhhhhhhh yaaaaaaaaaaaaaa '
 My Father and me went to the movies to see The Last Unicorn with A croward of children at the Pardise Thearte talking and laughing in 1982 ! My father discrubed the carttoon as witch craft and sorcery when watchingthe carttoon ! The earliest story of Harry Potter which My father had discrubed the Last unicorn ! My Father had said while watching the movie that kids like magic and scorcery in the thearte ! So My father had reccomand this carttoon for kids and kids at heart !
 I 've been waiting for this DVD release for a LONG time . I had videotaped the movie way back in 1985 from one of the pay moviechannels and had watched it multiple times , but was disapointed that it had been edited for time . I wanted to buy The Last Unicorn on DVD , but it received poor reviews on Amazon , so I waited for a letterbox version . I waited and waited and waited . And finally my wait is over ! I felt like bursting into tears just like Molly had when she saw the unicorn ... because , like many of the fans of the movie , I knew I was viewing the most unusually beautiful , poignant , and truthful animation ever created . It was how I felt at the age of nine , and has n't changed all these years later.The color is beautiful and crisp and the audio is crystal clear . The little background noises that I had n't heard in earlier releases come through and both score and songs sound as if they were recently recorded . The volume is also loud enough , as with DVDs the volume can be low . Care has been taken to provide both excellent audio and video and that wo n't disappoint die hard fans.What WILL disappoint ... and what might be unforgivable to some ... is the editing of `` damn '' . It appears three times ... if my memory serves me right . The first time it is spoken by Ruk -LRB- `` I do n't care how many damn spells you put on her ! Get rid of that harpy ! -RRB- Well , on my second viewing last night , lo and behold , I realized it got left in ! Maybe the bad guys can say damn . But the good guys obviously ca n't . They 're removed it from both Molly 's speech and Lir 's exclamation as he asending the steps to meet Amalthea . They very neatly edited it out . You wo n't notice it if you have n't memorized the script , but for those who have -LRB- like me -RRB- it ruins one of the most moving speeches in the movie . What does this movie have a G rating anyway ? Busty trees , naked ladies and crazed , nipply harpies ... slap a PG on `` The Late Unicorn '' and give my `` Damn ! '' , damnnit!I 'm also disappointed that they used Mia Farrow 's singing for `` Now that I 'm a Woman '' when the german soundtrack has a different woman sing the song . I thought they would remove Mia 's singing and use the better version.It 's a shame that after all this work that went into this release , they changed the one thing that did matter to fans and did n't change the other thing that obviously needed to be changed.I 'm not sorry I bought it , however . It 's a major improvment on the old DVD .
 The enchanting story of a lone unicorn searching for the meaning of her existence , and any others of her kind , but comes to find out that the others are being kept prisoner in the waves of the ocean by a tyrant who lives in a black castle on a cliff 's edge overlooking the raging ocean that is their keep , enforced by an enormous demonic red bull , forcing them back into the waves upon any attempt at escape.An amusing singing butterfly circles around her in the beginning , singing many fanciful songs but providing clues here and there for her journey.Unicorn
 In very good condition after `` flying '' from another side of the world to Asia - Singpore . Good job ! Thanks !
 this tale is filled with magic , but can give the idea that it really happened . one of the best books i have ever read and it is for all ages
 I really loved this movie when I was younger . I would 've given it five stars , but took one off because of a few things I do n't like that much , especially when the unicorn turns into a human . Yes , she turns back and saves the others , but still , she was different after changing back , plus , can you imagine what it would be like to be in her place after she 's become a human , and realizes it?One thing above I 'm curious about
 I have watched this movie at least a hundred times . It is delightfully romantic and entertaining ; the characters inspire empathy in all its viewers . Fabulous movie .
 a exciting , moving , sad , yet hilarious animated Movie experience that your Kids would love . this Movie with The Dark Crystal , Howard the Duck , Labyrinth , Transformers
 This movie has been one of my favorites since I was a little kid . It may be kind of scary at a few parts for younger kids , but is still a great watch
 I do n't know what the previous reviewers are talking about -- I just received this DVD the other day , and am watching it as I write . The video and audio quality are just fine ! In fact , they are excellent , especially considering the fact that the initial release of this incredible movie was over 20 years ago!I highly recommend this movie to people of all ages . It is a truely touching movie , and has held a special place in my heart since the first time I saw it well over a decade ago -- even now that I am 22 , the story and characters still captivate me . This is one of those movies that I get something different out of each time I watch it . In addition , let me recommend the novel of the same name by Peter S. Beagle . This story , movie and novel both , is something that will stay with you for the rest of your life .
 I just received my copy of `` The Last Unicorn '' from Amazon.de . Wow !! I 've never seen this piece of animation look so sharp . Or in widescreen ! The transfer looks a bit grainy to me , but that in no way detracts from the film . As a matter of fact , it adds to the slightly somber mood of the film . No artifacting , brilliant color and crisp sound all bring this 20-year old feature back to life . Concorde Films has done a wonderful job of bringing this to DVD.I hav n't seen the travesty that is the US version , but I did see the original trailer , which is presented on the German edition . It 's dark , grainy , muddy , full of dirt and color changes . The sound is awful . If the entire US presentation is like that , then shame on Carlton for even thinking of presenting it like that . What 's the matter , were they to cheap to buy the good copy?If you have a DVD player capable of playing region 2 PAL DVDs , get the one from Amazon.de , or Amazon.co.uk -LRB- which has less `` special '' features -RRB- but is supposed to be just as nice in the presentation . It costs more with shipping , but is worth it.I 'll add this to my collection of German imports -LRB- Secret of Nimh , Balto ... -RRB- which are far , far superior to the US releases .
 I 'm so happy that `` The Last Unicorn '' has finally been released on DVD like it deserves . However , I am appalled by the cover art . It 's hideous ! I really hope it does n't turn anyone away from this amazing film . It concerns a unicorn who , believing she is the last , leaves her lilac wood to embark on a quest of discovery . Along the way , she picks up a bumbling magician and a jaded cook , and together they journey to King Haggard 's country . It is here that the unicorn believes all the world 's unicorn have been driven , pushed by the horns of the mysterious Red Bull . This is n't a kiddy film ! It 's much deeper and more mature . Enjoy . : -RRB-
 I have been looking for this video for my new gradchild . This is a very good animated flim , that children and adults love in my home . My order was very quick in getting to me . I ordered on a Fri. and get it on the next Wed.The flim was in excelint conidecent . I would like to see this flim and other children flims like this put on DVD in the future . I will order from here again . Thank you
 I bought this for my daughter 's 5th birthday . She is going thru a unicorn phase . She absolutely LOVED this movie ! We 've watched it several times . It 's not the same animation as Disney movies . . but that does not take away from it 's charm and wonder for small kids .
 This movie is just so magical ! I just recently developed this LOVE for unicorns . They are just so magical ! I go online and look at pictures and sounds and all of unicorns . Some are just so beautiful I could just cry ! I really love this movie and I hope all the kids can see it .
 The animation is nothing less than beautiful , in a classic and rustic style . This film is practically a work of art . It inspires the imagination of any child and will warm the heart of any parent . The movie is entertainment for children with out having to dumb down the dialouge or add the cheezey and annoying kinds of songs and characters found in many kid focused movies today . The Last Unicorn is truly a rare find in animation , a guarenteed classic , it will weave it 's way into your dreams .
 I saw this film as a little girl -LRB- I was still impressed by VCR 's back then -RRB- and remembered it always . I did n't see it again until years later , when my stepmother rented it for me . Unfortunately , at one point in the film someone says `` hell '' or `` damn '' and she promptly turned it off , so that was that ... If you object to that sort of thing , well then this film is certainly not for you . It 's all about magic and sorcery and fantasy and living life to its fullest . The underlying message being how we choose to subdue nature , or live with it peacefully.Watching it as an adult it still holds the same grip on me , although some slow scenes can make me a little drowsy . Same can not be said for the Little One , however , for she watches it all the way through and then hits rewind to watch it again .
 I have had this movie for quite some time on VHS -LRB- where 's my DVD !! -RRB- but with a cover different from the one shown here on Amazon . I get teary eyed everytime the princess is torn on whether she should stay transformed , and be happy with Lir ... . oh , what a wonderful story . Animated movies like this where you can be part of the story and actually relate to the characters are a wonderful thing . The character are all quite real in their behaviours and are all very in the grey in their decisions . They have lives , not just missions .
 Rankin and Bass Productions have never failed to achieve in the area of Animation . Their incredibly unique style is simply genius . The way the characters are drawn the voices used , everyone will remember the same types of creatures , faces , and voices from the cartoon movies `` The Hobbit '' and `` Return of the King '' . Rankin and Bass also did the cartoon series `` Thundercats '' and `` Silverhawks '' . I only wish they would make more of anything I think their work is amazing , and truly artistic beyond a level readily appreciated completely . If you are a fan of any of the above films or cartoons than this is another Great piece to add to your collection . Even if you have never heard Rankin and Bass you should really really get this movie it is utter Magic . Everything about it will put you more in touch with life on a human level.This is a must buy !
 My four-year-old unicorn freak calls this movie ` not scary'and that is hard to find in children 's videos these days . There is little death in this story and it is not gory or dwelled upon , unlike a whole lot of Disney offerings . The only evils in this story are greed and envy . Truly enjoyable for kids of all ages , with the same animators that did The Hobbit , the pictured jacket cover does not do the film justice in the quality of the art .
 It deeply upsets me as a teenager that modern movies , though entertaining , are meaningless . They are written for the purpose of being either PG13 or R or PG or G and parts are given to stars . The Last Unicorn is n't a `` kid 's movie '' as some unwise adults put it . It is a movie that brings tears to the eyes of those who look for magic and perhaps even brings the unwilling eyes to tears as they realize they 've never looked . To find true meaning I look to anime and movies such as this . They enrich the lives of the viewers and leave you with the feeling that there is more to life than sex and violence .
 I just thought I 'd add my two cents to the other hundred or so 5-star , `` this is one of the best movies I 've ever seen '' reviews that are already here . I 've been watching this movie since I was small , and I catch something new every time I see it . There are many different layers to see through , and if you do n't want to get into the philosophizing , you can just watch it for itself . Agreed , the songs are a bit cheesy , but I secretly know all the lyrics too ... ;-RRB- Does anyone know if there 's a plan to put this on DVD sometime soon ?
 I first saw this movie when I was three or four , and my dad recorded it onto a BETA tape for me . That 's how long I 've loved it . The animation is not quite Disney , but charming in its own way ... sort of twirly and spiralling . The characters are developed nicely -- none are all good , but none are all bad . As I 've gotten older , some of the dialoge strikes a ` cheesy ' chord in me , but the vast majority is great . The music is ... um , well , the impressions made in childhood tend to last for a long time . I loved it when I was a little kid , and now , intellectually , I know it 's horrible and boring , but secretly I still know all the lyrics . I 'm so excited that it 's out on video now ... and have you seen the Last Unicorn shirts at ... ? Most excellent . Overall , I would say this movie is fine for any age group or family . There 's nothing to offend anyone , yet it manages to entertain the entire time . A good idea is to also read the book by Peter S. Beagle -LRB- and every other book he 's written -RRB- , as it is one of the most faithful-to-the-book screenplays I 've seen .
 I remember seeing this as a child . Even then I was impressed at the story it told , and the animation quality . Rankin and bass , best known for the stop motion holiday films , put this film out with writer Peter S. Beagle adapting his own work to screenplay . It 's a well written fantasy story with great voice acting , great songs , and again beautiful animation . Who does n't remember their first time seeing the flaming Red Bull , or the Unicorns in the seafoam ! Like all other classic animated films I introduced my daughter to this and she fell in love . And what 's not to love ? And with this Blu-ray/Dvd version I can watch it with the unedited audio track I can introduce it to adults as well . Secret of Nimh is next .
 When my daughter was 3 yrs old , we used to rent this movie from our local library . We always had this one at our house , when she grew up she wanted her own copy and amazon was the only place we could find it . Great classic anime , Thanks .
 I have been a fan of this film since I was a child and owned it on VHS in the 80s . Even though the DVD does not have the special features it touts on the backcover , I was just happy to have the film on DVD - I thought they would never release it!The Last Unicorn is about an immortal unicorn who leaves her enchanted forest after learning the rest of the unicorns have vanished from the Earth . On her quest she meets many memorable characters
 This film is superb . I watched it many times as a kid , and am thrilled to be able to watch it again as an adult . It 's one of the rare few films with more than enough wonder to hold the attention of a child , yet enough depth and honesty to touch the soul of a grown up ; a deeply meaningful , poinient animated fantacy classic . Another reviewer described it as the `` best animated film ever , '' and while I 'm not quite bold enough to echo that sentiment , at the moment , I ca n't quite seem to think of one that surpasses it.That said , I 'm deeply irritated by the edits that were made . The producers who did it should be ashamed of themselves for altering a single word . Who exactly did they think they were protecting ? Or was it just a money thing ? Stupid fools . Unchanged , it would easily get 5 stars , but in good concience , I must give this version of the dvd only 4 stars for that reason alone .
 I had stopped by Target to get some necessities when I passed by their music/movies department . Lo and behold , a commercial for the 25th anniversary edition of The Last Unicorn ! One of my all time favorite movies ! I went straight to the display and plunked a copy in my cart , assuring my 2 yr old that he was going to LOVE this movie . He even put back his copy of the Cars movie soundtrack just to look at the dvd cover!Sure enough , we got home and watched the whole thing through . I was stunned at the beautiful clarity of the music , let alone the picture . I personally did n't notice any editing , until I read about it in the other posts here . Honestly , I do n't think it suffers from having those words removed . I have an old copy of the movie from when it aired on tv once upon a time , and I am just ecstatic to have this one now . No matter who you buy it from - BUY IT !
 The last Unicorn is a true cartoon classic , its magical story telling at its best , great for kids of all ages and most adults will enjoy it as well . The reason I deduced a star was simpally because of the dvd release . Being a student in the DVD field I can tell that they simpally took an old vhs master and boosted the resolution in hopes that it would imitate DVD quality but it failed miserably . However that doesnt work , boosting the resolution on an old master like that brings out its flaws . I bought the DVD and recorded the cartoon off television onto a DVD-R . I compaired them side by side and can honestly say the television recording holds out better overall . Its sad that classics like this are neglected , but then again business is business .
 I absolutely love this movie ! The movie itself deserves five stars . For those of you who have not seen this movie it is a wonderful tale of a unicorn that is looking for others like her . Along the way she meets many new people and encounters many mishaps which include being turned into a human . But as with other reviewers I believe there are some flaws in the DVD . I was greatly hoping that with a DVD release there would be some extra futures and to my disappointment there are none . The scene selection is a minor plus . I like the fact that I can skip through at a whim and listen to the music from America . I believe picture quality is just as it was on the VHS but it may be a little crisper when the people are involved , but as a whole the screen still remains a little shaky while being played . Lastly a member of my family has some problems hearing and subtitles are unavailable on this DVD . It 's not perfect but for the price it was well worth it .
 I first saw this when I was 8 years old and I especially enjoyed the Red Bull scene . The music is sort of operatic with a touch of Fantasia . There is a scene with the magician tied to a ` loving tree ' and I ca n't help but laugh my butt off . Another person does n't like it that her children saw it , with the language or the tree . I can understand that , not from a parents POV but just the same . Otherwise , I give this movie 2 thumbs up .
 Just a note to fans of this film that are on the fence about this new edition.According to Bill Hunt at The Digital Bits : QuoteThe new Blu-ray will offer the film completely uncensored , but it will also include the edited `` family friendly '' audio track for those who prefer it . Both the censored and uncensored audio tracks will be DTS-MA 5.1 . That comes directly from studio sources -LRB- and thank you to those sources ! -RRB- , so fans can rest easy . / QuoteHope this helps .
 For those of you not in the know The Last Unicorn is a really nice fantasy movie based on the popular book by Peter Beagle . As the name implies it 's about unicorn who found out she is the last of her kind and sets out to uncover the truth behind that . She soon finds out all of the other unicorns have been captured by a mythical creature , and with the help of an inept magician and a surly maiden they seek out to bring the unicorns back from captivity.The story is among the best in fairy tale fiction . You have a fair number of mystical creatures and learn interesting tidbits about them throughout the film . You also have a romantic aspect between a prince and maiden -LRB- which is required for many who love fairy tales -RRB- , sword slinging action , wondrous magic , singing -LRB- we 'll get to that later -RRB- , and comedy all done up by the voice talents of A-list actors like Allen Arkin -LRB- Little Miss Sunshine , Edward Scissorhands -RRB- , Mia Farrow -LRB- Rosemary 's Baby , Hannah and her Sisters -RRB- , Christopher Lee -LRB- Lord of the Rings , Star Wars prequels -RRB- , Jeff Bridges -LRB- The Big Lebowski , Tron movies -RRB- , Angela Landsbury -LRB- Beauty and the Beast , Murder She Wrote -RRB- , and a slew of other notable talents.The action scenes are exciting and directing does well with the movement and colors in these scenes . The scenes that involve the romance feel real with characters hitting home the type of emotions a young love can feel . The fun scenes are really fun , but it 's more dialog kind of funny . Lots of good one liners come from the script . Not so much in the realm of visual comedy unless you count the scene with the laughing skeleton and maybe one scene with a talking cat . The villain -LRB- done by Lee -RRB- is pitch perfect in execution as both a bad man and a flawed human being . The voice acting feels just as perfect with maybe an exception to Arkin 's Schmendrick , whose lines sometimes feel a little wooden.The animation is done by the Rankin/Bass team . They are more known for their stop motion holiday specials . However they also have a respectable cartoon portfolio with tv shows like the Thundercats and movies like The Flight of Dragons , Lord of the Rings
 The film is excellent , and I am giving it five stars.However , I have been informed in an e-mail newsletter : `` Please note - Peter still gets money from Last Unicorn movie sales ONLY through Conlan Press . That goes for this new Blu-ray edition , too . If you buy it anywhere else Peter gets nothing at all . Which really sucks when you consider that 1.8 million Last Unicorn DVDs have been sold in America since 2004 , and only around 6,000 of those went through Conlan Press . None of the other copies earned a cent for Peter . So please encourage everyone you know to support him by buying the combo pack through Conlan Press , and nowhere else . Thanks ! `` I do n't know if this is also true of Amazon sales , but either way Amazon should address the issue directly and clarify this . I am not comfortable putting something like this in an Amazon review - essentially a plug for another supplier - but I think it is important information.EDITED AND UPDATED -LRB- 2012 -RRB- : Peter Beagle has come to an agreement on rights that is very satisfactory to all parties . He is now in full ownership of the rights to this movie and gets properly paid for sales . Disregard the above !
 This was one of the first movies I can remember watching , and it still haunts me . The book is one I return to year after year , and the movie does what is seldom done in adaptations and remains faithful to the text it was based on.The animation itself is wonderful , whimsical , and the characters linger in the mind long after the more mainstream looking characters of other movies blur in the mind . Almost twenty years later , the Red Bull still scares me . Schmedrick the magician is a loveable character , a failure as a magician who still keeps trying , and strikes a familiar chord in us all . I think any woman can relate to Molly Grue , still waiting for her unicorn . Even King Haggard is a sympathetic character if only in his selfishness.This is a definite must have to anyone who loves fantasy and unicorns . Though it might be a little too much for young children -LRB- it scared the pants off me the first time I watched it -RRB- it is something every child will appreciate . Heck , its something grownups will appreciate too , since I still love to read the book and watch the movie .
 It 's a shame that Amazon is just mixing in all the VHS , DVD , and blu-ray reviews into one huge pile . There are over 500 reviews now for this title , and the blu-ray has only been out a couple of days . If I was reviewing the film , THE LAST UNICORN , then I would give it a 5/5 . But I 'm not , there is the entire blu-ray release experience to consider : PACKAGING
 Loved this film when I was a kid , loved it again as a young adult . I am now the proud owner of a brand new copy . Along with Flight of Dragons , the Last Unicorn has got to be one of the most underappreciated animated masterpieces ever -LRB- but not for much longer , I hope -RRB- . While Flight of Dragons was more intellectual , the Last Unicorn was more poignant and emotional . A wonderful fairy tale with heart and soul for people of all ages.The animation is simple yet graceful and elegant , filled with rich beautiful basic colors . It has a surreal and dreamlike quality -LRB- even more so than Flight of Dragons -RRB- . The character designs for the most part were excellent , particularly Lady Amalthea whose exotic beauty is breathtaking . I especially love the way her long beautiful , willowy hair flows in the wind ... The music is quite memorable , although the singing voices for Lady Amalthea and Prince Lir were a bit warbly at times -LRB- though the songs themselves were rather nice -RRB- . The background music fits and complements the scenes perfectly.And who can ever forget the voice acting . God , such absolute pure star quality !!! You can almost imagine as if these were real live flesh and blood people -LRB- especially Molly Grue -RRB- . The story is one of the most original I have ever come across . Based on the classic novel by Peter S. Beagle -LRB- who also did the screenplay -RRB- , a lonely immortal unicorn goes out in search for others of her kind , meets some very interesting humans -LRB- some good , some bad , and some in between -RRB- along the way . She is later unwittingly given a taste of mortality and love in a way she could have never imagined when she is accidently transformed into a beautiful human maiden by a bungling magician . This is a fairy tale with dramatic and emotional depth of Shakespearean proportions . Deeply moving , moody , and atmosperic . They just do n't make such powerful , thoughtful stuff like this anymore.Now that they are in the process of developing a live action version of this film with several of the original voice actors participating in it -LRB- some even reprising their roles -RRB- , it 's more important than ever to own this beautiful masterpiece for your collection . I give the Last Unicorn my highest recommendation .
 It was n't until recently , when jogged into memory by the theme song of ` The Last Unicorn ' when the movie came back and hit me in between the eyes . I 've seen it since I was seven/eight and it 's still a movie -- not just a cartoon -- that lives and survives through all of the turmoil of growing up ! I just think of the unicorn running through the grassy meadows in the beginning of the movie , and I immediately want to see it again ! The music is beautiful and fits the movie so well -- esp . the intro theme ! -- and the animation is very good -LRB- the unicorn is the best example of the good anime back then ! -RRB- The funny parts with the goofy magician Schmerdrick is memorable , as well as being frightened by the first appearance of the Red Bull and then the wonder at seeing the unicorn being changed into the beautiful Lady Almalthea . This is a movie that everyone should see ! It sticks with you for your whole life , and still keeps part of you as a child ! I want to see it again myself and the theme song is still circling around in my brain ...
 When the initial US release -LRB- an abomination we 'd all like to forget -RRB- came out , I found myself buying the properly composed European release via amazon.uk and hunting down a player that 'd let me watch it.I was pleased to see that it was getting a proper US region release , but now that I 've read the reviews it looks like they 've once again missed the mark .4 stars for finally getting the look and audio straightened out . -1 for needless censorship .
 I think it 's only proper to mention that Peter S. Beagle -LRB- author of the original book on which this is based -RRB- is in a continuing contract dispute with the company producing these DVDs . According to the author , they have n't been paying him any royalties for the ongoing sales of the movie . As of December 2006 , Conlan Press -LRB- a company associated with Mister Beagle -RRB- is indicating that they 're making great progress toward sorting out the dispute and getting the distribution company to pay all of the back royalties owed . However , at this time at least , purchases of the DVD do n't direct any money at all to the original author unless the purchase is made directly from Conlan Press.It 's possible that everything will be sorted out soon and the author will be compensated appropriately . Still , for those who appreciate the work that Mr. Beagle has done , I thought it only fair that you know that he * may * end up getting nothing from the purchase price unless you get it from another source.Additionally , Conlan Press has autographed copies available , for those who like that kind of thing.On to talking about the movie itself ... I 've loved this movie since just a couple of years after it came out , when I was a small child . My grandfather recorded it on a VHS tape for me once and I played it so many times that the video and sound started distorting in places . I 've been hoping to purchase a DVD of it for quite a while , but was firmly warned by several sources that the DVD release qualities were very low , so I 'm absolutely thrilled to see that they 're finally doing a new release using better masters.The main themes of the story are immortality , love , and loss . In some ways the storyline is fairly adult , not in the sense of including a lot of sex , violence , or swearing -LRB- there 's very little -RRB- , but that they 're more complex than it may be easy for small children to grasp . However , I loved the movie as a small child , and it 's definitely possible to enjoy it even without having the maturity to pick up some of the nuances , and occasional satirical references.Reports indicate that special features include a featurette called `` The Tail of The Last Unicorn '' with an interview with the author , a game , photo and cover gallery , and the original theatrical trailer.You may find the animation style to be somewhat odd or unusual . That 's just because they contracted much of the animation work out to a Japanese company , which led to a style that is n't quite anime , but certainly has some similarities to it .
 I first saw this movie when I was 7 , and my mom said that ever sence then I had to watch the movie every day . Now that I am older , wiser , and my taists have changed , this movie still touches my heart . There is a magic in this movie that ca n't be explained . I loved this movie so much I can still hear the Unicorn 's voice , `` I rember you , I remember `` The main character in this movie is a Unicorn , who lived in a lilac wood , and she lived all alone . She gaurded and protected her forest . But all of that changed when she discovers she is the last unicorn of the world.As she travels , the Unicorn teams up with a bumbling magician named Shemdrick , and a jaded woman by the name of Molly Grue . Together they follow the path they must travel to find what has happened to lost unicorns of the world.As I have said before , no matter how many times I have seen this movie , my heart is always touched . There is an emotion in the movie that I can always feel . Now matter how many times I have seen this movie , I still laugh at the wine-loving skull , and feel the despair of the Unicorn when her love is killed.I have never seen a movie that touched my heart so much , no matter how many times I have watched it over the years . A fantasy classic that you will love . Now that I have finished this reveiw , I am going to go watch the movie again . Also if you have seen and even remotley enjoyed this movie , you should read the book The Last Unicorn , by Peter S. Beagle
 This film is inarguably one of the truly few non-Disney animated features of comparable quality . It is exceedingly faithful to Peter S Beagle 's literary masterwork and for the most part does an unbelievable job in recreating the magic of the written story . More importnatly , it is a film for anyone whose imagination has remained intact - who has never stopped believing in the impossible and never let go of the fantasies that crowd all our imaginations when we are young . This is a film of consequence - you will not emerge unmoved , unchanged . Especially memorable is the title song by America which to date remains one of the most underrated title tracks in film soundtrack history.All of the film 's characters , be it Schmendrick , Molly , Lir or the Unicorn herself , are fleshed out brilliantly on screen . The characterization is wonderful , among the best you will ever see in any fantasy film , and Mia Farrow 's recitation of the Unicorn is hauntingly innocent.This is a film which most children will enjoy , but more than likely adults will enjoy this tale of identity , journey , and magic . I can not say enough-let the magic absorb you and transport you to realms unknown !
 I have the Artisan DVD release from several years ago , and have watched it only one time . I was appalled by the horrible picture and audio transfer . It ruined all fond childhood memories of the film.With the new DVD release -LRB- which I have bought and have watched -RRB- , the film is back alive and better than ever . Sure , some middle parts of the film are a little slow and dull , but the film has wonderfully intelligent and beautiful art and scenes -LRB- any red bull scene -RRB- , and the musicial score by `` America '' is actually infectios at times.The digital transfer is as clear and crisp as it could be , both image and sound . The voice talents are also solid throughout , with the random exception of awkward dialogue for Mia Farrow . The colors are full and rich , and the sound really booms at times.Do not be discouraged from the prior DVD release , this is wonderful .
 The animation is simplistic but elegant , the characters each look as if they should . The animators truly managed to get into the mind of Beagle and extract the designs to perfection . Thankfully , unlike alot of Disney cartoons , this movie was not ` dumbed down ' for a children 's audience , and stays faithful to the magic of the original story.I watched this as a child many times , the first when I was about four or even a year younger perhaps , and although total understanding was n't quite in place yet , I enjoyed watching the unicorn and the terrifying -LRB- at the time -RRB- sequences with the red bull . It made a lasting impression that made me seek out the movie a few years ago now that I 'm older and I still enjoyed the flick , perhaps even more than I did back then.Romantic and sweet , with moments of suspense , and a heartwarming story , whether you have read the book or not , it 's worthy of watching again and again .
 I first saw this movie when I was 4 years old . I fully understood the movie at the time and even then I knew that there were concepts that were of adult nature , but none that were harmful to a child of 4 . It moved me then and to this day at 22 yrs old I still find myself in tears throughout it . This movie teaches a concept that no matter who you are , you are n't alone . It 's a person 's personality that sets them apart from others . I recommend this movie to anyone who is n't so narrow minded , that they can see past the minor swear words that only show vulgarity and ugliness that some people posess .
 This movie is wonderful . It might go over younger viewers heads in some parts , but it does a decent job sticking to the original story . While the animation is not what some kids might be used to , it will still hold their attention .
 I have seen many a good animated movie in my time , but veryvery few excellent ones . The Last Unicorn is one of them . I do n'tremember when I first saw this movie , but I could probably be safesaying sometime when I was around 3 years of age . Of course at thatage I only watched it for the beautiful -LRB- mythical ? -RRB- unicorn and thefairy tale magic that only a small child can truly understand , buteven then it stood out to me as something very special , not anythinglike a Disney or Don Bluth film . It was less processed , more raw andpersonal , which endeared it all the more to me . I rented itfaithfully every time my parents would go to the video store.Now Iam much older than three , and this movie is still my favorite animatedfilm of all time . Why ? Just as much for all the reasons I watched itwhen I was younger , but it has also evolved much in my sight sincethen . The story gives you a completely different perspective onmythical creatures and how they think and feel . It also gives youinsight into human nature and a little bit of the real world . And , mypersonal favorite part of the movie -LRB- and the book for that matter -RRB- -- the deep quotes that really make you think.But do n't let me giveaway the movie ! Among the more technical aspects of the movie Ienjoyed , I am immensely happy with how close the movie was to thebook , but what do you expect ? Peter S. Beagle wrote the screenplay ! ... I think that the music of The Last Unicorn is enjoyable andmemorable -LRB- and I 'm not saying that just because I can quote the wholemovie ~ . ^ -RRB- . In short -- if you or your children are really intounicorns , fantasy , or just a really good story this movie is for you.And if you 've automatically classified it as only a children 's moviebecause it 's animated , prepare to be surprized . `` There are nohappy endings , because nothing ends . '' -- The Last Unicorn , byPeter S. Beagle END
 The Last Unicorn was my favorite movie as a child , it got me to read the book , which was far more meaningful in a way . I loved this movie , and watched it every day after school , so now my mom hates it , but thats ok . This movie tells the tale of a unicorn , set off to find her kin . She searches far and wide , and there are many events that happen on her way to the castle . I was a little miffed that they left out the story of Leer in the movie , but that is Ok , it makes it better for kids . Anyways , the story is great for anyone who believes in Unicorns , because it proves their point in a not-really , almost-sorta way ... so there ! Just kidding . I love this movie thoug . I still watch it on occassion , even though i dont watch it as much as i did as a kid .
 I was very young when I first saw The Last Unicorn . Over the years I could see images of this movie in my head and had forgotten the name of it . It is the kind of movie that you always remember . I never saw or heard anything about the movie after seeing it and thought that maybe it did not have the same appeal to others as it did to me . But , years later with the internet I have discovered how much people love this movie and how their stories are just like mine ! They saw the movie and remembered it . I guess its one of those movies that has that kind of affect of people . Five stars !
 I love this video ! It has great music , a great storyline , and great characters . It really made me believe that there are such things as unicorns . It 's a very touching film for children and adults alike . If you 're into mystical legends like unicorns , this is the video to buy . It has everything !
 This is one of the first movies I saw as a child , and the one I most vividly remember . Even though I am all grown up now , fragments of this beautiful film -- especially the vision of the lovely Lady Amalthea -- have lived in the back of my mind the whole time . Seeing this film again nearly 17 years later was like being swept back in time . When all the lost unicorns are brought back from the sea on the crest of a wave , and when the Last Unicorn , at the end of her quest , returns to the forest she left , and the credits start to roll , and the music plays , and the scenery turns into that medieval tapestry , I was crying like I was 5 again . My only complaint was the picture on the video box . It looks cheap & corny and really does n't capture the wealth of beauty , fantasy , and imagination that 's locked inside .
 This is my all-time favorite movie . It is very deep and appealing to everyone .
 This had been my favorite movie since I saw it for the first time when I was a little girl , I forgot about it , until I got a job at a video store and rented it again . Now I 'd love to own a copy of my own . This movie is wonderful , If you 've not seen it , I strongly suggest you do , and if you have children be sure to share this fantasy with them . If you share my inthusiasm , please mail me at the address below . imogenna@aol.com Ciao
 It 's been 10 years since I 've seen this movie , but I remember it so vividly . The reflection we see in the Unicorns ' eyes , the Freak Show , the release of the other Unicorns , the PRINCE -LRB-^-^-RRB- , ARGH !!!!! I MISS IT !!!
 I first saw this movie when my mother picked it out for me when I could n't decide what Disney movie to rent ! I thank her for that , because this movie is even better than Disney . A story filled with beautiful music , and animation . I loved the twist at the end , none of that srypy `` Happy ending '' stuff b/c `` there are no happy endings , b/c nothing ends . . `` Now when I pull it out , I sit there , tears pouring down my cheeks , like the maiden that sees the Unicorn ... A movie every child must see . .
 I have been searching for this movie for three years . I used to own it , but my copy dissapeared . I was heartbroken . I just recently learned how to use the internet and decided to look it up . Am I ever glad that I did . I am very happy to learn about it 's re-release . It 's about time .
 Even though I 'm 20 , I still love to watch this movie . It may be a bit violent for little kids and the plot may be a bit over their heads , but it was my favorite . Anyone who loves unicorns will love this movie .
 I heard Kenny Loggins version of `` The Last Unicorn '' a few years ago and could n't figure out why it sounded so familiar . THen I remembered the movie I loved when I was younger . I saw it on the Disney channel last year . I love this movie and recommend it to anyone . Great story , great emotional content and ... well ... it 's just great all around .
 I alawys loved unicorns as a young girl . This film only increased my love . When I first watched it I did not understand it completely . But `` now that I 'm a woman , everything has changed . '' And I love it even more
 I first saw this movie when I was a little girl and I still love it today ! The characters in the story touch the soul in a way that is indescribable . The music and animation only enhanced the movie 's magic . I recommend this movie to anyone who has ever believed that fairy tales can come true .
 The Last Unicorn was one of the first movies I can remember watching as a child . I was born in 1980 and my mother taped it off of HBO when the movie made it to cable . To me , the movie was a way of life ; I knew every song , movement , every word . It touched on so many issues that I wanted to know about as a child ; magic , wizards , unicorns , fariy tales , and true love . I reccomend that all parents buy this for their children , especially thier little girls .
 This movie meant so much to me , because I remember it from when I was a child . I am so in love with the way the cartoons were drawn . I also love their responses to the questions and task they are asked . There truly is no other movie like it .
 I first saw this movie when I was a very young child ... I remember watching it on television about once a year , and crying my eyes out with happiness and sorrow at the same time , every time I saw it . We had taped it , but at some point , it got lost in the shuffle . I spent most of my life searching for this movie , and finally found a copy about a year ago . It is the most beautiful creation I have ever seen . Nothing has ever touched my soul this deeply . This is a film that will live on forever in our hearts ...
 This movie is so good ! I have seen a million times and never once have tired of its wonderful message of hope . I will make you cry , and sigh , and wish for a better world . Watch the movie , and read the book !! END
 I recall seeing this movie on TV when I was like 8-years-old and its beauty and meaning really affected me . Not again a film has touched me the way this did . I am not giving away what is about , only thoughts and images . The journey of the last unicorn that runs thru the world to find her lost kin and finds love instead ... A clumsy but noble magician named Schemndrick ... A sad woman who has lost almost everything ... A bitter and lonely king searching for hapiness and his adopted son , who will turn to be a hero ... A haunting world with wonderful landscapes ... An overwhelming score by Jimmy Webb and America ... Let 's just say that if you like fantasy and still carry with you that good old inner child and also have a taste for melancholy , this film will stay with you . But , if you are into happy endings , better stay away.Even at that early age I saw this picture , I had a sense of loss and sadness when it ended . I think that actually , it changed me forever . A part of the innocence was gone , in a good way . It deals with deep and mature matters , kind of heavy and serious for an animated flick , but I think it 's good for a child to learn to think and awaken sensibility.I am not sure to recommend it for little children , 3 to 5 ... I think it 's too much for them . From 7 and on , they can appreciate it more , and better for a 10 year-old . There 's some middle cursing also , like `` hell '' and `` damn '' , so very concerned parents should avoid it until their little ones are a little grown up.The cast is great . Christopher Lee shines . Mia Farrow , Alan Arkin and Jeff Bridges are also here and deliver powerful performances.Read the book which this movie was based on , written by Peter S. Beagle - who made the screenplay too , thank God , for it is perfect.An unforgettable , beautiful , charming , touching , thought-provoking , heart-squeezing movie that you can fall in love with .
 This movie is wonderful ! Those who believe in unicorns only can see this beautiful creature . Watch the movie to find out if she is the last . A great keep sake for those who grew up watching this movie . Magical and heartwarming movie !!
 With a soundtrack done not by Queen , but the band called America , The Last Unicorn was a film that entrances me as much now as it did when I was a child . Beautiful little touches , such as the `` Tree 's Love '' and `` Robin Hood Illusion '' make this such a heart-tearing film .
 This beautiful masterpiece presents the best animated tale of myth , and legend that I have ever seen.I was only 5 when I first saw this work of art , and still to this day love it as my favorite movie of all time.And now that I am grown I love it even more since I can now understand the underlying text of the love and the stark change from immortal Unicorn , to a diying , horribly complex human body . Fantastic !
 At last , an adaptation of a great book that captures all the magic of the original story , leaves out nothing important , and adds nothing unneccesarily . The fact that the book 's original author , Peter S. Beagle , wrote the screenplay and oversaw production of this excellent Rankin/Bass animated feature makes it one of the best book adaptations out there . Combining a fantastic quest story , with fairy tale , romance , and adventure , The Last Unicorn will captivate audiences of all ages .
 I was about 6 years old when the last unicorn was in theaters i own they didnt get to see it theater but because i keep telling my parents wanted to see it they rent it for my sister and i we both loved it now that older i wanted this video so my sister and could share with my 4 year old niece needless to say she love the and enyjoys as much as we did -LRB- and still do -RRB-
 I have been watching this movie since I was about four or five years old . I have found that no matter what point of life you are at this movie applies to your situation , at least for me . To me it is about finding yourself . She leaves the forest alone to find others like herself . It 's about taking risks in your life to find those that see things as you do . I work with youth and I feel that it is a movie that young women can benefit from seeing . Underneath all of the cartoon characters are personas that most people can relate to . In the end the message to me is that it takes giving up what is comfortable to find those that know who you are and what you are about . Every time I see this movie it brings me back to when I was young and reminds me to follow my own strength .
 This movie really does the book justice , which makes sense since Peter S. Beagle adapted the script from the novel himself . The voices fit their characters perfectly , and the animation is wonderful . The opening sequence with the unicorn tapestry is especially nice . And the soundtrack with songs by America can be stuck in your head for days . Overall , a fantastic magical movie . Perfect for any age .
 This is an excellent movie for everyone . I first saw it in highschool and was enchanted then and am just as so now . It has beautiful music , great acting , and is funny and serious . When I feel down in this ugly hum drum world of mondainity I pop This wonderful fantasy in the VCR and escape for a while . A good intriguing story . Rankin and Bass are always good . The animation/drawing to some may not seem the best but it is appropriate for this fantasy and is very pretty . A good fantasy anime for the whole family .
 I first saw this amazing movie about seven years ago on TV and had to have it . Through the years I have grown , matured , and have moved off to colllege , but still find this to be one of the best stories I have had the pleasure to watch . The morals presented along with the well developed story line make even a student of theatre appreciate the basic root of entertainment that The Last Unicorn has to offer . If you ever need to just sit back , unwind , and let go of reality for a world of fantasy for a little while , The Last Unicorn will indeed make you smile .
 I used to watch this movie over and over again when I was a kid . After almost 10 years , I saw it again , and still loved it . The story is touching , moving , and beautiful-truly a family classic .
 The first time I saw this movie I cried my eyes out . Now when I see it I get teary eyed before the story even starts . It 's the music that does it to me . Some people are not happy with the music selection in the last unicorn but I think it 's just right . My favorite scene is when Molly sees the unicorn for the first time . I cry everytime . I love this movie and will always love it . I think it 's not just a movie it 's a dream .
 I first saw this movie when I was about 6 years old . Elements of the story remained vivid in my heart for many years , though I did n't see or hear refrence to it for nearly 10 years . When I rediscovered it a few years ago I was thrilled . To this day The Last Unicorn remains one of my favorite movies . The story , characters , music , and morals are all beautiful . I wholeheartedly reccomend this movie to everyone !
 I love this movie and I was very happy to see that its back in circlulation again . I have one of the origional copies and almost wore out the tape from watching it for about a decade . I do n't like the new cover though , but its not what is most important . Does anybody know where you can get the soundtrack ? I heard it was n't released in the U.S.
 I remeber watching this movie over and over again when I was a kid and I cried every time . I had n't seen it for over ten years and now I once again own a copy . Even though I 'm in college now I still watch it a lot . It 's not only a awesome movie , but something that should remind everyone of when they were watching it when they were young .
 I love this movie . I 'm a total addict of it and the book it is based on of the same title . I could quote a dozen lines that I love , but the one that usually sticks out the most is right in the beginning . `` Stay where you are , poor beast . This is no world for you . '' It 's such an elegant and sad way of saying that the magic has seemed to have left the world , and that there is no more place for unicorns . It nearly makes me cry even after seeing it countless times . The Last Unicorn is suitable for all except perhaps the very smallest children due to the scariness of the Red Bull . I 'd give it 10 stars if I could .
 This movie really affected me as a child ... it is a great addition to every girls video library . It is a very sweet and sad story about a unicorn on her quest to find her friends . The songs really capture the mood and really make you feel her longing in your heart . An incredible movie for every growing girl ...
 I have alway liked this movie ever since was little and i think and child or adult would love the songs and characters . I think anyone who likes cartoons or fantasy should watch this movie .
 This is one of my favorite movies . When I was really little , my friend had this and we always watched it . When she moved away , she gave it to me . I still have it -LRB- I 'm 13 now -RRB- . It 's so incredible !! This is n't really a little kid movie , because the storyline is mature for little kids to follow . I love how they make it with the Japanese anime style of animation . Especially when the unicorn turns human , she is so gorgeous . And the music is so touching . I love it also because I love unicorns . If you 're an adult , this will bring back childhood memories for you .
 Watching The Last Unicorn makes a person remember when they were young , and instantly drags them off to fairy land , where unicorns exist , balls float around magicians , and skulls talk . This movie should be ranked one of the top 10 movies for famlies and fantasy lovers alike .
 This story is based on a book released in 1968 . It is a wonderful story , with much undelying meaning about courage , inocence , beleiving in our dreams and a little magic in our lives . It is beautiful ! IThe DVD is not what I would have liked . It is not widescreen , but I could handle that if the picture was a little better . They could have included some special features , such as interviews with the cast looking back at the making of the film . I once read an interesting trivia fact that Christopher Lee -LRB- voice of King Haggard , better known nowadays for his performance as Saruman in the LOTR movies -RRB- brought his own copy of the book to the taping to make sure certain parts he deemed important were not taken out of the script . Little things like that would have been great to see . do sometimes feel like they left things out from the book that would have been nice to see in order to understand the story better . But this was the time of short cartoon movies . Even full length movies were n't as long as the ones produced today.It is true that the animation is not the same as Disney movies . Rankin Bass are better known for their TV cartoons such as Thundercats and Silverhawks . But it is not horrible . The music is not my favorite , but it is not bad . My daughter is 4 years old , and has seen just about every Disney movie out there as well as other kinds of animtion . She loves movies . And she loves this movie as well . She is captivated by the story and asks me questions about why the unicorn looks for the others and why the Red Bull is after her.This is a good movie . The DVD leaves a lot to be desired , but if you are just looking for a copy of the movie it is worth the money -LRB- it 's not too expensive -RRB- . Dont expect Disney animation or music . This movie 's merits are in the story .
 My seeing this movie took a convoluted route . I saw the trailers as a young teenager , never got to see the movie , then found the book lying on a shelf at my summer camp , gathering dust . The camp counselors let me keep it , and I loved every page . A few years later , my local video store got a copy and I finally saw the movie.Normally , after reading the book the movie is a vast disappointment . Not so with this . The movie captures all of the essentials and most of the small details of the novel , and keeps the same energy level and emotions . The fact that Mr. Beagle wrote the screenplay as well as the novel probably has something to do with this . ; - -RRB- The characters are very well interpreted and acted , with the best performances given by Angela Lansbury -LRB- Mommy Fortuna -RRB- and Christopher Lee -LRB- King Haggard -RRB- . Picking Robert Klein as the Butterfly was an inspired choice -- even though it 's only a five-minute portion of the film , the producers paid as much attention to this minor character as to the major ones that fill the story.As other reviewers have noted , you get the impression that none of the characters are truly `` evil '' . They simply have suffered bad fortune or disappointment -LRB- as everyone in life does at one time or another -RRB- , and how they chose to react to that is what ultimately shaped their character . This is a nice touch and a welcome departure from standard `` black-and-white '' fantasy characters.The music soundtrack , frankly , is bland , and many of the songs are unnecessary -LRB- the romantic duet between the Unicorn and Prince Lir is particularly saccharine -- yes , I 'm a guy , but I 'm a married guy with a daughter and thinking of that song STILL turns my stomach -RRB- . On the plus side , most of the songs were performed by America , and they seemed to understand the music was secondary to the overall story and kept things reasonably muted and subdued.The animation is n't the best . I felt like I was watching `` The Hobbit '' again , just with a different story . But the animation is just a conveyance for the story , and the story is what is most important here.This is a must-have for any fantasy-lovers video collection . While there is some violence and some slightly scary scenes , it 's still a Rankin/Bass animation , and that means that kids wo n't be unduly frightened .
 There are n't enough superlatives one can use in describing the animated version of Peter S. Beagle 's contemporary classic , The Last Unicorn . For those who long for a reminder of what it truly means to dream , to explore , to search for oneself in a resticted reality , this film has all the trappings to set your imagination on a journey it will never forget . The film tells the story of a unicorn , and pays respect to that most wonderous of creatures , but the film is in actuality an homage to those who love mythology , those who refuse to be pigeon-holed and accept the mundane qualities of the reality which surrounds them . The script is flawless -LRB- only one major part of the story is omitted in the animated retelling -RRB- , the voice performances flawless -LRB- especially Mia Farrow 's as the Unicorn -RRB- and the songs by America fit the soft , gentle , pensive mood of the film perfectly . If you seek nothing more than a truly great film about one of the most beloved themes of all time , this film should not be missed under any circumstance . One of the best movies ever made , animated or otherwise , ranking right up there with Pinocchio and Beauty and the Beast .
 My youngest daughter and I used to watch this movie when she was little and this is the first time I 've been able to find it for her . It 's her 17th birthday soon and she will be tickled to pieces . Thanks for having it !!
 I am so glad that this dvd has been rescued from destruction . The first release was trash . It was awesome to see this movie in widescreen and 5.1 sound . This movie is pure magic . The story and voices are excellent . The other day on the news I saw Mia Farrow talking about the tragedy taking place in Darfur and I had a strange thought that some Unicorn magic has stayed with her since doing this movie . I know that 's a bit weird but she is a unicorn . Loved this movie as a kid and love it today . Job well done on bringing this movie back to life . I love the soundtrack to this as well .
 This Movie was on television recently -LRB- about 8 months back -RRB- and as the opening credits caught my eye -LRB- I breathe Anime -RRB- I settled down to watch it . By the end of it , I had laughed , cried and been not a Little scared and I 'm a 16 year old guy ! I wholeheartedly recommend this film to anyone even thinking of buying it . The characters are well realised and animated . The way Shmendrick the bumbling magician and Molly Grue , a girl way down on her luck are very good friends to the unicorn on her journey will warm your heart . The relationship between Lir and Amalthea is very special and powerful and if you 're even slightly emotional will have you bawling by the end . As the title says
 One of the best things about this movie is how faithful an adaptation it is from the book . And no wonder . It was scripted by Peter S. Beagle the man who wrote the fantasty classic . So many phrases and happenings mirorr exactly the book that it 's a good idea to have a copy while you 're watching the movie . The animation is n't great here but the voices suit the characters well and it ends up being a great movie . Buy it !
 Sorrowful , philosophical , and wise , The Last Unicorn is an animated fairy tale for adults more than children . Most modern day children would lose interest in this film with its serious themes and lack of bouncy songs . There is some violence , with a harpy with red nipples killing a witch and eating her . Disney this ai n't . And its a good thing.The story is based on the novel of the same name by Peter S. Beagle . It is about the last unicorn -LRB- Mia Farrow -RRB- who leaves her forest to find out if there are others of her kind . Along the way , she meets sincere but bumbling magician Schmendrick -LRB- Alan Arkin -RRB- and a saucy woman named Molly . Molly cries when she sees the unicorn . She asks , `` Where were you twenty years ago ? '' Even though Molly is no longer young and innocent , she goes along with the unicorn on her quest.The trio enters the realm of the decrepit King Haggard . Haggard lives in a foreboding castle overlooking the sea . Rumors are that there is a Red Bull on his land , and the bull or Haggard may know what happened to the rest of the unicorns.Beautiful , haunting songs and a great screenplay BY Peter S. Beagle makes this film complete . A true masterpiece . My favorite line is by the castle cat
 This is an awesome movie . I love the animation , but I 'm a sucker for the `` classic '' look . I also love the music , I think that America did a great job on the soundtrack . The opening song for this movie is one I will NEVER forget . This is for you Last Unicorn fans who also love The Lord of the Ring series , they are making a live action movie of The Last Unicorn . The release date is Christmas 2006 . I searched high and low for information of this and was so very excited when I found they are really doing it . Here is the web site
 Just a note for collectors , the movie on this DVD is FULL SCREEN .
 WOW ! WOW ! This is one of my three favorite animated films , along with Flight of Dragons and the Black Cauldron . Original idea , and great character designs . If only it were longer ... . Jeff Bridges fits in nicely as Schmedrick . Christopher Lee is wonderful as King Haggard . About characters . The Unicorn is an interesting character , even though it 's a unicorn . Schmedrick is not as interesting , but worth a few laughs . Molly is such a straight character , she is almost boaring . The butterfly is funny . Mommy Fortuna is a great idea . I enjoy that sequence a lot . Her stupid helper is also a laugh . The band of thieves is not as good , I guess since that is a transition from Mommy Fortunas to King Haggards . The tree is tasteless . King Haggard is a great villain , since he is not actually evil , just greedy . Prince Leer is a romantic fool . The cat is very good . The red bull is a good , menacing monster . However , maybe my favorite character is the skeleton who demands the wine.Maybe its just me , but I feel this is SUCH a good movie . Do n't wonder . Do n't rent . Do n't even consider . BUY !!
 I read a review about how someone watched the video as a child and finds the video more memorizing . I agree with this whole-heartedly . While entertaining for children , you really do n't grasp the full meaning until you are older . I am 20 now , and I get so much more out of this than I did at around 5 or so . The animation is beautiful , the story line spellbounding , and the music is the same , most by the band America . Definitely check out this movie , and the book .
 ` The Last Unicorn ' , that has a big star cast , including Mia Farrow , Jeff Bridges , and more is like ` Secret Of NIMH ' not like any other typical and sweet animated movies from the 80 's like ` My Little Pony ' , it 's a dark , mystical and philosophical tale for the elder kids about The Last Unicorn that is taking out on a dramatic journey with a young wizard , and the beautyful , but tough Molly.If you are grown tired of typical Disney movies with cute animals that sings and dance all the time , then buy the more serious toned ` The Last Unicorn ' , you wo n't be dissapointed !
 This beautiful heart warming story brings us back to the days when we were young and innocent ; it provokes the inner child in all of us and definitely brings back some happy memories for me . For those children or adults who have n't seen this emotional film it will bring back your sense of imagination , the one that this society and generation has taken from you . It will show you that love is a powerful thing and that there are such things as happy endings .
 This flim has touched my heart in so many ways . . it truely has magic . . more than disney . The backrounds are beautiful , the characters are touching , the music is simply beautiful . . with the remake due out in autumn 2003 -LRB- shhh ! -RRB- I hope that they keep the music as it one of the masterpeices of this.Those who see this flim . . wether or not you believe in unicorns will truely be touched . Deep down . . it had adult problems . . it deals with death and horror . . it deals with longing and love . And . . the ending . . truely leaves you wanting more .
 For Anyone looking to buy this for there kids.It is not a Kids film!It was aimed at Teens.it follows the book about 98 % and all except for the actual book ending is included.All the Language in the Book is in the Film.Read the book then decide if you kid should watch it . -LRB- ... -RRB-
 I love this movie . My grandparents had it at their house when I was little , and they would let me watch it sometines when I came over . It is of no little amount of sentimental value to me . I love Unicorns , and I always thought that the way this movie ended was a beautiful way to reaffirm the magik in life in a world that has altoghther forgotten it . Again , a beautiful thing . -LRB- ... -RRB-
 One of my childhood favorites and now one of my daughters favorites . A movie I had almost forgotten . Never again , will I forget . Full of fantacy and magic . Keeps one interested .
 The last unicorn is a breathtaking classic about a beautiful unicorn -LRB- mia farrow -RRB- who is destined to discover if she is the last of these mythical creatures . The reason that it should be rated PG is because it has the word `` damn '' in it quite a few times and also the expression `` what the hell . '' Not for small children .
 I saw this on T.V. as a kid and have loved it since then . The animation is beautiful -LRB- and it 's GREAT to have an alternative to Disney 's corporate pap -RRB- . The story has all the power and interest of true mythology , and best of all , the tale is told with a healthy dose of humour . See it , buy it , introduce it to more children . The Last Unicorn is a movie that endures .
 I drove my parents nuts watching this movie when I was little . We did n't own it , so everytime we went to the video store , we had to rent it . For an animated film , it has a pretty grown up theme to it . I now own the movie and watch it frequently . It 's a good film for both children and adults . I personally think the story itself is timeless , of course , I did n't really begin to think that until I got older . The animation is wonderful , the voices were well chosen , and it 's just an all around good story . It 's the type of movie that you can watch with children and not be bored .
 I have been paging through these reviews , and realized that something has awakened in me , something that has n't stirred since the days of my youth.ok at 21 it has n't been that long , but seeing this movie rereleased has conjured up many images ... images of a boy plopped in front of a tv , reliving over and over the adventures of a unicorn , the last of her kind ... I relive the moments of her anguish , pain , and happiness , of her bold quest for the seemingly impossible . I harbor memories of fear over the imposing , impossibly powerful red bull , and also nightmares of the skeleton with the eternal thirst ... of whom i ca n't remember much ... i just looked downstairs , and realized that a copy of `` The Last Unicorn '' resides behind decades of new additions ... perhaps i shall dust it off and relive the adventures of the unicorn , and ultimately , the adventures we all face each and every day , just not brought to light as this movie somehow does . well , i have a little reminicing to do ... hope everyone gets a chance to see this wonderful film ... and i am gon na buy the book asap !
 I have loved this movie for years and years !!!! It was so incredible the way the writer -LRB- s -RRB- worked the mysterious narwhal into the story . Although I 'm 22 , this still seems like a reasonable explanation for their existence . Thank God for video ! Someday I 'll be able to share this story with my children .
 `` The Last Unicorn '' is a step in the right direction for fantasy animation . With a a combination of surrealism , adventure and the kind of stuff kids love , this movie is a must see for all ages .
 I could show you how this movie is written across my conciousness . I could show you how this movie will cradle your heart and alight in your soul and hide behind your eyes to make you wonder at the rest of the poor world . But truth melts magic always and so you will know it only when you see it .
 This is my all time favorite movie . I fell in love with unicorns after watching this movie and to this day I am adding to my unicorn collecton . The story line is great and teachs a very good lesson to the young and old alike .
 The Last Unicorn is my favorite movie . I was very young when I first saw it and have loved it ever since . This movie has an excellent story line with beauty , loneliness , magic , danger , and love . I am now 15 years old and watch it any time I have the chance ! It beats all of the Disney movies put together ! It is a movie made for all ages . If you love unicorns and magic , you will love this movie !
 This movie was a favorite of mine since I was too little to remember . Unicorns were always my favorite . This is a great movie based on a book by the same title . I read the book just a few months ago and was pleased to find that it was almost exactly like the movie . This is the best childrens movie I have ever seen . And I think every child should see it .
 I remember seeing this movie for the first time when I was four , and I remember loving it . That was fifteen years ago , and The Last Unicorn continues to inspire me . The animation is amazing for the time , and the music is euphoric and memorable . Above all , the story is captivating and real , and will encourage everyone to believe in the magic and existence of unicorns . It 's a timeless movie about believing in what your heart knows to be the truth ... and there 's even a mean , red bull for the boys who do n't care much for magic .
 The Last Unicorn belongs in the homes of a collector or one simply looking for a good movie . The movie is also great for children with supervision . It is perfect for a family collection or to watch with children while babysitting . I have grown up with the thoughts of Unicorns prancing in my head ; this movie dares to take those fanatasies to a new level . The Last Unicorn deals with many issues that can be used today , about self worth . The movie has humor , witt , and the capability of a universal story-line . The graphics are pleasing to the eye without beign overly complicated . I recommend it as a true classic that belongs in the homes of almost everyone .
 Not only a childrens movie , the animation and storyline attract the attention of the older generations as well . Still a great animated movie , even when compared to the works of Disney . Great music combined with the voice talents of those such as Mia Farrow and Angela Lansbury , makes it a top notch video even 10 years after coming out in the theaters .
 This is a magical movie . The basic plot is that the last unicorn must rescue the other unicorns from the red bull . It 's very similar to the more-detailed book.The characters are varied and rich and far from being stereotypical and one-dimensional . We even sympathize a little with the villains as we understand why they do what they do.I really enjoyed the songs , which were performed by America.The movie is generally clean , although some of the frightening scenes may be too intense for young children . The violence is without gore and usually happens away from view . There is a small part with a nude woman , but her long hair covers the essentials . I ca n't tell you why she 's clotheless without giving away some of the plot , but that small part is tastefully done.The film could have used a little restoration . Oh well .
 4.5 * I love Peter S. Beagle 's works , especially `` The Last Unicorn '' , `` Tamsin '' , and `` A Fine and Private Place '' . I watched this a long time ago , and remember loving the story , and today I was finally able to share it with my 5-year-old daughter . In the screen adaptation -LRB- the screenplay was also written by Peter S. Beagle -RRB- , Mia Farrow plays the Last Unicorn who inadvertently learns that she is the last of her kind . Curious to discover the fate that has befallen the rest of the unicorns , the last unicorn learns from a Butterfly -LRB- Robert Klein -RRB- that an entity known as the Red Bull has herded the unicorns to the ends of the earth . Unfortunately , she finds herself captured by the witch Mommy Fortuna -LRB- Angela Lansbury -RRB- as part of the witch 's Midnight Carnival . The unicorn is able to escape with the help of a novice magician Schmendrick -LRB- Alan Arkin -RRB- and proceeds to the seaside castle of King Haggard -LRB- Christopher Lee -RRB- and meets the dreaded Red Bull , a fire elemental , but is once again saved by Schmendrick when she is transformed by his magic into a mortal woman , Lady Amalthea . Here is where Amalthea 's / the last unicorn 's quest gets really interesting and complicated , for it is at the castle of King Haggard that Amalthea meets and eventually falls in love with Haggard 's adopted son , Prince Lir -LRB- Jeff Bridges -RRB- . The rest of this magical story explores what happens to Amalthea and Lir , will their mortal love survive the revelation of Amalthea 's true identity , and will Amalthea fulfill her real quest to find the rest of the unicorns , and defeat the evil Red Bull ? The story itself is magical , but what makes it compelling are the various themes explored , regarding friendship , self-discovery , faith , courage , love , and mortality . The anime -LRB- Japanese animation -RRB- is beautiful , and I will always consider this a classic . The songs are also melodious and meaningful . Highly recommended , though I would advise caution for the under-5s since there are some scary depictions in this movie .
 this newest version is stunning , now with better picture and sound quality . Unfortunately , and not many people know this , the author of the book and writer of screenplay Peter Beagle does not earn a single cent off of the sale of this movie , except through a special website . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 This is the Last Unicorn which had `` re-runed '' on several channels , including Disney a couple years back . Nothing much has changed from that , other than the quality of the videotape.The quality of the videotape is a grade up compared to the VHS and television versions , which have been grainy . The pictures are clear and crisp , a nice added touch yet stays true to the quality of the film itself -LRB- no deleted scenes -RRB- . For some reason many of the 2004 reviews have stated that the quality is bad . This is inaccurate when comparing the DVD 's picture quality to the trailer feature of the disc and the original VHS . This dvd has been played on a 2009 Xbox 360 . The only audio-availability on this dvd verison is dolby 2.0 and 5.0 . The subtitles are for spanish and english , but the audio output is in english only.As for features there is not much to offer . There is an interview of the author concerning the making of the book , the `` lost chapters '' of how the book truly started and a boring game of the red bull.Some reviews have been about censorship of the movie , or in other words `` edited '' . The movie from the television version has not been edited from its origin -LRB- as far as television re-runs go -RRB- and infact yes , there is one swear word . When the hunchback henchman is talking to Fortuna in front of the harpy cage he says '' I do n't care how many damn spells you got on her , get rid of that harpy ! `` There are no deleted scenes or plot-breaking edits that would truly affect the entire quality of the original story-line itself . The impact of these edits are n't very important for a couple of word changes like `` hell '' or whatnot as there was little offensive words to began with . As an example of a `` stripped '' movie , try Once Upon a Time which was suppose to be the original Windaria . Now that 's a censored version . As for TLU the harpy is still as ugly , naked and vicious as it was in the original.This is a good dvd to get if you want the movie itself , however it is lacking in the `` goodie '' department as far as concerning special features .
 A very good animated movie from the 80 's , also a very good voice cast . Indeed it has to be considered the first movie to use famous actors to dub it , with extremely good talent - a must to say it . Very nice script , nice dessign of the character , though the unicorn is a bit too fragile ...
 I grew up with this movie and had it as a VHS when I was a little girl , but I lost my tape . I found this at Blockbuster and was overjoyed . It 's an excellent movie . It is very nice to watch an old film of this caliber again . Yeah it 's no fancy high-definition movie , but story is better that way . The Last Unicorn is an exciting eventful story that leaves you entranced .
 I love this movie , and I 've loved it since I was a little girl . The first time it was released on DVD it was crap , but now it 's been re-released , and the new version is much better . The story is amazing , the voices and acting are great , and the animation is gorgeous.If you have n't bought the DVD yet , PLEASE buy it directly from Conlan Press -- otherwise , Peter Beagle receives none of the profits , no royalties or anything ; you can learn more at www.conlanpress.com . And no , I 'm not associated with Conlan Press or with Beagle -- I 'm just trying to help him get the money he deserves for having written the amazing , gorgeous book that this movie was based on .
 I actually think this is beautiful ! I had watched the VHS and the picture quality was very poor . When I put this in , I almost said , `` ahhhhhh ! '' outloud ... it was so beautiful . The animation and story is so inspiring . I 'm glad that my children have this movie to enjoy in vivid color .
 I grew up with this movie . I had a tape and totally wore it out watching this movie so much . I make everyone I know watch this movie , whether they want to or not . So many great things about this
 This animated feature has been a family favorite of the last 3 generations of children . I am delighted that my daughter -LRB- 17 -RRB- was able to add it to her collection of favorite movies . She has purchased it countless times now to give as gifts to her friends who are avid fans of the movie as well . It is a magical story ! I can not recommend it enough to anyone who loves fantasy !
 This movie was the best thing that came out of my very powerful unicorn obsession that I had as a kid . I like to sometimes review movies and shows I used to love when I was little , and laugh at how corny they were and wonder how I could have possibly liked it when I was that young . However , this is n't the case with The Last Unicorn , at all . I watched it for the first time last night in over elven years , and I was shocked at how it had such a powerful effect on me . It 's a such a haunting story and I personally found a lot of symbolism in it . The love story is awesome , -LRB- the singing , not so much -RRB- and the characters are flawed , easy to like people . Most of all , I think the music peformed by America , -LRB- who is definitely not of my generation -RRB- is exceptional and adds so much to the movie . There are some parts that could be considered questionable for small children , but hey I watched this movie all throughout my childhood , and I can assure you , I turned out just fine . Overall , this a very powerful , beautiful movie , and if you watch it once it will probably haunt you for the rest of your life . -LRB- in a good way ! -RRB-
 I remember watching this movie as a little girl over and over until our Beta VCR wore out . It stuck with me for many years , until I ran across it again in my late teens while babysitting . When I watched it again , I found that it captivated my interest just as it had when I was a child . It is one of the most beautiful and poignant stories out there . The Japanese Anime style animation is stunning , and the vocal talent is top-notch . It holds true to the novel from which it was adapted , which I also recommend highly.It has a lot of plot points and jokes that are a bit over kids heads , and a bit of language some parents may find innapropriate , so you may want to view it before your kids do if you get it for them .
 If you 're looking for a great video for the kids to watch , this should make the list . Although some scenes might plod along too slowly for very young viewers , it is still a charming story for young and old alike . The voice cast is first rate , with a particular tip of the hat to Sir Christopher Lee , who should seriously consider more voice over work.The downside in the cast is Jeff Bridges , who seems to want to be somewhere else , other than doing his role . On top of that , he sings . We 're talking Clint Eastwood-Paint Your Wagon-I Talk To The Trees BAD ! In the old days , if a prominent actor , or actress could n't perform part of their role , someone else was called in , such as a stuntperson , body double , or singer . Audrey Hepburn and Natalie Wood had voice subs . Why , oh WHY , could n't they do the same here?The animation is not too shabby for Rankin-Bass . In fact , the art design is quite stylish at times . The musical score is well done , yet tends to be a bit loud . Film length is reasonable for young tykes , with a good mix of humor and minimal violence . I would recommend this movie to all parents .
 I first saw this film when i was 5 years old , and now at the age of 24 i 'm still haunted by it 's beautiful images . It has a very dark undercurrent and an underlying reference to the destructive nature of humanity . Hardly ANYONE has seen or heard of it , and that really should change . I feel lucky that I have seen this film , and I would consider it one of my most precious possessions . GORGEOUS ...
 I first watched The Last Unicorn when I was about 5 years old . When I turned 15 , I still remembered this movie without watching it for many years . Afterwards I started my own collection of The Last Unicorn . It touched my heart as a child and now at age 17 , it is still my favourite movie . It 's that kind of movie that leave good morals and values in all it 's viewers . I highly recommend this movie to anyone , children and adults.The Last Unicorn is about a courageous unicorn that goes on a journey to find her lost brothers and sisters . She meets many memorable characters , such as Shmendrick the magician , Molly Grue , Prince Lir to name a few . It is a classic !! As mentioned in other views , there are a FEW words such as damn used in this movie . I personally do not find these words offensive , but just to let you know , in case you do . I did n't ever realize that they were even there , they are that unnoticable.I highly suggest that everone at least view this movie once , although hopefully many more times . Enjoy !!!
 First of all , what 's up with this retarded `` rainbow bright '' cover case !? Why mess with perfection , the `` Red Bull '' cover case emphisized the dark nature of the movie , all this bubbly bright B.S. does is injustice to the movie . Stupid American publishers , they always seem to screw up stuff ! Anyway , the anime art is awsome , Raskin and Bass art work is true magic , they give so much character and mood to the individuals that is rarely accomplished by others . And the music is just as good . Hell , I have been looking for the soundtrack for year and just finally found it . The songs by `` America '' are terrific . Especially `` Mans road '' . So all the crap that has been said about the art work and music do n't listen to it . They are the two things that drew me to the movie and keep me comming back for more .
 I remember this movie from a LONG time ago . I 'm not a big fan of non western animation , but this is probably one of the best movies I 've ever seen . The characters are great , the music is great ... and it 's a little more serious or grown up than most animated films of it 's age.Sadly ... the DVD that 's been put out is a horrible animal . There was no remastering what so ever . My VHS plays at about the same quality as the DVD . Wait for a Special Edition .
 The Last Unicorn is a fairy tale in the best sense of the term -- an exploration of archetypes of human existence . Featuring the voices of such talents as Angela Landsbury and Mia Farro , this film takes you on a journey `` to find others like me . '' It is a tale of innocence lost and found , of the metaphysical realities of truth and self . Deep and rich , it reveals more -- and raised more questions -- with each viewing . Children will love the amusing characters . Adults will love the underlying story , and dialogue that leaves you laughing because it captures a truth you 'd perhaps never thought of . `` No cat out of its first fur was ever decieved by appearances , unlike human beings , who seem to enjoy it . '' The songs , flawlessly provided by America , underscore and deepen the threads of immortality , pain , and redemption . This is one movie for everyone . END
 I have n't seen this movie in over 15 years . It is the first movie I ever remember watching , and I remember crying throughout it , which is an unusual response to a movie for a child . I was in preschool at the time , I could not have been more than 4 or 5 years old , but I still remember the basic plot . For several years now , I have been trying to find a copy of this movie , or find someone else who remembers it , because I want to see it again . Unfortunately , the video I watched was Beta , which is completely obsolete now , so I do n't know where to find a VHS of it . I might buy one , because this movie strikes a very special chord with me . Maybe if I get my hands on a copy of it and start watching , I will be taken back to the weekday afternoon in 1986 when I went to my friend Katie 's house and we watched this movie . I 'm not expecting timetravel , but the fact that so many years later I can still remember the main theme song really speaks to the power of this movie and the effect it has on children , and sensitive individuals at any age .
 I 've loved this movie since I was a kid . Only now do I truly understand the film . I love the songs . When I was six or seven after a viewing of the movie I would be singing , `` The Last Unicorn '' -LRB- or `` I 'm Alive '' -RRB- for days on end . It drove my big brothers up the wall . I have just recently rediscovered the magic of the film . I have n't watched it in about eight years . So , not since I was eight . I love the movie and the songs . I never realized how much I missed my childhood until I watched this movie again . It really made me remember what it was like when I could go into my backyard and pretend that I was in the Unicorn 's ` Lilac Wood ' .
 The Last UNicorn has been one of my favorite movies since i was six years old . This is the most enchanting , beautiful , moving movie i have ever seen and i highly recommend it to ANYONE AND EVERYONE , children and adults alike . the soundtrack is beautiful and amazing , the vocal talents are perfect , the animation is beautiful and the storyline is unforgettable . please take some time to watch this brilliant movie , as it never received the acknowledgement it deserves . Never have i seen a movie as enchanting and beautiful as this one and i hope it will be appreciated for generations to come .
 Ever since I first saw this movie when I was three , back in 1991 , I have loved it to death . A story about a Unicorn searching for others like her , and the people she encounters along the way , The Last Unicorn has captured the hearts of thousands in the form of both the book by Peter S. Beagle , and the animated movie . The movie 's sound track is great , compiled of songs that show emotion and are fun to sing along to . I recommend this story for all ages and especially to those entranced by mythical animals and fantasy novels .
 The Last Unicorn is one of those movies that you could , and will , never forget . I 've watched it countless times -LRB- where I now need to buy another one due to wear -RRB- , and each time I rediscover its charm . It is a masterpiece , whether it be of animated features , or movies.Made in a joint between the US and Japan -LRB- Studio Ghibli -RRB- , its animation is anything but par . Ghibli has always done great work , with Miyazaki-san , and The Last Unicorn is no exception . There is so much beauty to be held , almost making it too heavy to carry . The eye is stunned by each character and background ; all of it drawn with heart . And with outstanding animation , comes a story unlike any other . A tale of love and determination , with heart-warming and funny characters . And villains that will leave you wondering how someone could be so cold . The story of the last unicorn is not to be forgotten ; never . Even the music holds so much emotion , it could not be forgotten . The songs and BGMs are of the highest quality for an animated feature , and the opening ` The Last Unicorn , ' sung by Kenny Loggins , is among my all-time favorite songs . Overall , The Last Unicorn is above-average fantasy , with quality animation , an epic story , and outstanding music -LRB- and hey , the performances are n't too bad either ^ ^ -RRB- that everyone is sure to like .
 I first saw the last unicorn when I was probably four or five years old . After that , we rented it every weekend until we finally taped it off of the television ! Until I go to college , I thought I was the only person to have seen it , until I found out my roommate and another friend of mine loved it when they were children as well ! It 's a completely wonderful movie for children . For anyone who loves fantasy , myths , romance , and magic , The Last Unicorn is definately the movie to see . And , though the music is a little corny , it 's not really all that bad -LRB- though you will crack up several times listening to it ! -RRB- .
 I saw this move once when I was very young , and for the longest time I could n't find anyone else who had seen it . I almost was n't sure I really had seen a movie called `` The Last Unicorn . '' Then , joy of joys , several years later I happened upon the tape , and watched it again . It was twice as good as I 'd remembered . This is the type of movie you ca n't get out of your head . It 's just absolutely stunning . The only reason I ca n't give it the 5 stars is because no movie could ever equal Peter s. Beagle 's heart-breakingly beautiful , yet hilarious book . Nothing could come closer than this .
 I absolutely loved this movie as a child and must have watched it over a thousand times . I could hardly believe that I would ever find it again . This movie is so true to the book , which is very rare nowadays . It sparked my interest in fantasy and has to me been a classic for all times . It 's touching love story , element of fantasy , and endearing characters have stuck with me throughout my life.I would recommend it for anyone of any age !
 I remember seeing this movie as a little girl and enjoying it oh so much . I had thought that the tape had gotten eaten by our VCR and was very disspointed , but later learned that it had The Hobbit recorded over it . I immediately thought to buy it again but could find this wonderful movie NO WHERE . Amazon.com is helping me buy it again ! This movie really deserves the five star average its getting , unlike many others . I have loved this movie for so long and was very sad when I thought that it was maybe not sold anymore . I believe that this movie is not just for kids . But I do agree with one of the critics . Where is the other cover ? The one with the black bull on it ? But , I do reccomend this movie to everyone that has a taste for fantasy at its best .
 I saw this movie first when I was five or six . I am now twenty and still love it . Being an artist , I have rendered paintings and Prismacolors based upon it , being enchanted with the beauty and style so different from Disney 's caricatures . But I do n't sell them in honor of the original animators . A lot of people feel cartoons are for kids , being stuck in the Americanized `` Disney '' theme . TLU passes through time , much like the title character , and will live always in my heart . And again , I can not stress this enough , just because it is animated does not mean it 's for children ... look at anime .
 The last unicorn is one of my all time favourite movies ever . It was a precious piece of my child hood along with flight of dragons , labyrinth and the dark crystal . They just dont make them like they used to do they lol but it 's worth having on dvd . However if your going to purchase this movie on dvd i strongly suggest you buy a region 2 . I live in England and the region 2 version is much better the colours work and flow and it 's widescreen edition . You may think this is no big deal but i assure the region 2 version is better then the region 1 however this film is wonderful and worth owning no matter what . I also recomend the novel which the cartoon followed perfectly . This film is a rare find and belongs to a small yet enchanting genre that it appeals to everyone despite their age . Worth buying and espcially for unicorn or myth fans who like this sort of subject you 'll love it !
 When I was child , my father and I would watch this movie together , I would watch it everyday , as would any other child who is in love with a movie . This is a good movie filled with fun , sunshine , love , magic , and much more to attract the intrest of any child from 0-100 years of age .
 The Last Unicorn is an excellent and touching film , created by the same people who animated The Hobbit . It remained as true as practicable to the book by Peter S Beagle , and is still a delight to watch.However , the first DVD release is rather disappointing . Very little effort was apparently made
 Ever since I was a little girl I 've adored this movie . When I heard they planned on relasing it on DVD . I was extermly happy . Only , I expected more special features ... Possibly a trailer . Stuff like that . Does n't mean I was n't pleased with the movie itself . It was as I remebered it and I really enjoyed it . I really recommed this movie . Dvd or Vhs ...
 I first saw this movie in about '82 on HBO . I was in 9th grade at the time.The movie is very much an emotional passage of sorts , with characters that are transformed by the end . It is an ingenious blend of resolution and lack thereof , and really captures the fascination that exists for unicorns . It really stirs the insides as you reflect on the movie after it is over.However , I must say that after watching the DVD , I could swear that there was some odd placement of music and a slightly different edit in some of the conversations that take place . The ambient music in certain places really disrupted how I remembered it , as if the production company that prepared it for HBO had cleaned it up before broadcasting it . I ca n't be certain , but if that is true , I truly wish that version would have been placed on DVD . I 'm not sure if how I experienced the film so long ago became diffused over the years . In any case , how I remember it is still intact , although regretably , I have a hard time imagining anyone else having my same appreciation of the film by watching this DVD version . So it 's doubtful I can share it with anyone .
 I LOVED this movie when I was little ! I probably would still watch it along with Pippy Longstockings and The Land Before Time , if someone had n't have stolen them from me . I was able to get the others again but i havent been able to find this one , now i ca n't wait to get it !
 I saw this on tv once when i was a kid and i loved it . And years later when i signed up for amazon i wanted to buy it , i love this movie its a classic and i would share this with my children .
 The DVD was in new packaging and played very well . I wish it was in better definition but I do not think this movie has been brought up to date with digital imaging yet . Love the film and was very happy with the swift shipping !
 I love the last Unicorn , I watched it all the time when I was younger . I was really happy to find it on Amazon and be able to rent it for a low cost . This was a great way to relive childhood memories .
 What can I say about the Last Unicorn ? Love this movie - a classic in my world of animated film . Rented it from Amazon - again I have Netflix and it was not avail for me even as a member ... The quality of this film was average at best but then again I do n't believe this film has been dig remastered .
 My four year old loves unicorns so when I saw this movie I thought she would love it . I wish they would come out with a newer version , but this one fit the purpose just fine .
 This movie was a favourite of mine as a child and i was so excited to find it on Amazon ! It was just as I remembered , very nostalgic !
 I do n't know if it was the video copy or if it was our new television or new blu-ray player , but all of the people except the Unicorn/Lady Amalthea looked rather green ! This includes the bull . I am hoping that it was television and not the reason I was able to get the disc for only $ 5 . Everything else was great , as good as I remembered it . If possible , the audio was actually better ; but my last copy was a videocassette that wore out three or four years ago , so my memory may be fuzzy .
 First off , this is a review of the actual movie , no t the dvd trasfer . Even when I was 5 or so , I relized that THE LAST UNICORN was not your standard Disney cartoon . In my opion , what has made THE LAST UNICORN such a classic is the way it is paced and the storyline . It is happy on the outside , but once you actually sit down , it is about how everyone , no matter how great is flawed . Frankly , with the exption of a Nickoldean show , Mysterious Cites of Gold , this is the only Americian animation I will wacth .
 I remember the first time I watched this movie and back then it was VHS as a kid . The story of how the Last Unicorn began her journey to find other like her always reminds me that we all search for acceptance . Once changed into human and she says `` I can feel this body dying all around me '' we too live in a world where friendships die , friends and family too . To overcome the betrayal of her human body and fall in love was remarkable , but Amalthia remained true to herself and remember who she once was.I was and am still waiting to see if a human version can do the cartoon any justice and I do not think so .
 there are 2 movies from my childhood I 'll never forget . The last unicorn and the secret of Nihm . This movie is beautiful and in my opinion every little girl should have it . It sparks the imagination and sends you dreaming of unicorns at night .
 A wonderful story of a unicorn discovering that she is the only one left , or is she ?
 Ever since I first saw this movie when I was little , I liked it . I had almost forgotten about it until I got into a conversation with my girlfriend and it led to this movie . This movie is a good buy for kids of all ages and the kid in every adult . Anybody who does n't like this movie must have forgotten what it 's like to be a kid and what it means to have an imagination . Buy this movie and if you do n't like it , then then you have lost any part of childhood you ever had .
 When i saw this on t.v i was only 4 and I was totally scared . I found the red bull terrifing . It then stayed at the back of my mind for aged . I just remembered it as scary . But when my i saw it listes in the t.v paper I told my 4 year old sister . I deicided to watch it with her thinkin I would realise how silly I had been . After they started hearing the Bull I started to get scared . I almost had to leave the room . I felt really stupid when my sister was enjoying the film a lot . I dont no what it is about it but it should be a childrens horror . Defintaly a sleepover horror im actually old enough to rent myself !
 This is a great movie , just like the book it was based on . It 's good for all ages . It starts with a unicorn , then she meets a magician who can never get his spells right . Together they get another companion and continue on their search for the other unicorns . Can they defeat the Red Bull ?
 Ever since i was a kid i loved this movie . the other day i bought it and still enjoy it , it 's a 80 's animation classic . The Story deals with a Lonely Unicorn -LRB- Mia Farrow -RRB- who sets off to seek all the other Unicorns , on the way she meets a whole batch of characters including a Goofy but Lovable Magician named '' Schmendrick '' -LRB- Alan Arkin -RRB- who turns her into a Beautiful Human Damsel called '' Lady Almathia '' . they go to king Haggard 's Castle and must find the Red Bull . Amazing , dazzeling and flawless animated masterpiece of perfection that all animation fans and fantasy lovers must own ... END
 I like this film because it is about my favorite mythical animal You know what I 'm talking about . Watch and enjoy for yourself !
 I have watched this movie when i was a little girl . it is really sweet and magical . Hey im 23 now and i still watch it ! It is really worth watching . the music is really pretty too !
 I was a little upset when I read the other reviews . I absolutley loved the movie beginning to end . Ok , so maybe it 's a few years older than I am , but ever since I went to that video store when I was about 3 and bought it , I loved it . I still watch it sometimes -LRB- when no one is around of course -RRB- . I adore the songs , I think they are really great and almost tell a story on their own . Yes , the animation is n't as good as the Disney movies pulled off back then but it has that anime look and those kind of cartoons have always kept me watching . It may also be for the younger kid range but I know a lot of older people who loved it too . If you have that love for unicorns as many people do , I think you 'll find this a great movie .
 I beg to differ from a previous review saying this is not for children under 7 . I first saw this movie when I was 3 years old and I loved it then , as I love it still . I may not have fully grasped everything at that time but I was enchanted by the story and I 've always loved the music . Well worth owning .
 This movie was just wonderful ! It 's very touching , I 'm not going to give much info about it cuz I do n't wan na give away anything :--RRB- Whether you are a kid or an adult this movie will warm you heart and soul ! That 's all I have to say , just buy this movie and see for yourself 8 - -RRB-
 THIS MOVIE MAKES YOU WISH YOU WERE FROM THE ANCIENT PERIOD OF TIME . IT IS A VERY BEAUTIFUL TALE , AND IT WILL STAY IN YOUR MIND FOR YEARS TO COME .
 The following review is based on the DVD version . First of , this is my favorite movie of all time -LRB- mainly because of how many times I have seen it perhaps -RRB- so I had to buy the DVD when it came out unexpectedly . Like all DVDs , the image is crystal clear and the sound is very sharp . Lucky , there are absolutely no sound problems at all unlike the Hobbit DVD . The picture is so clear that one can notice more minor details like in the camp in the woods and on the castle . The unicorn and the characters now stand out strongly against the background unlike in the other foggy version they seemed to be one . As for the style of the cartoon , us Last Unicorn fans know that the style is focus more on beauty and art -LRB- the backgrounds are more like paintings than anything out of reality -RRB- and has a dream-like quality unlike Disney which today seems to solely be concerned with animation and bright colors.Many fans might disagree with me but there are only 2 minor problems in the movie and on the DVD . The first problem is that some animation screens are dark and then are bright again on the screen . This problem is more evident in the beginning than any other part . It ca n't be helped since this was in the old version ... one just could not tell because of the fogginess . The second problem -LRB- which might be done on purpose -RRB- is some of America 's song . They are terrific but some of them sound like they were recorded on cheap equipment because they have an eerie quality to them . This may be done on purpose but it was just something I have noticed and the sound quality of some songs was not improved on the DVD . UNFORTUNATELY , there are no extras on the DVD besides having closed captioning -LRB- subtitles are NOT available straight from the DVD -RRB- and 2.0 dolby stereo sound.A real strong plus on the DVD is the movie is more fit to the screen than my old version . Also , the voice acting is superior to any Disney movie especially Christopher Lee who still sends chills down my spine . *** TO PARENTS - I recommend this movie to children 5 years or older . This movie does contain swears -LRB- `` he ** '' and `` damn '' -RRB- but these are nothing compared to what children have been exposed today to . In my opinion , this is one of the few movies that girls can relate to better than boys . Also , the red bull and harpy might be scary to the younger set . I recommend watching with them first if they are around this age . I have also read the book and it is appropriate for the younger set as well . *** If you love fairy tales , sci-fi , cartoons , Disney animation , or you claim to be a pure 80s child , then I recommend this movie . It 's one of the cheapest DVDs you 'll find around and certainly worth the price . Also , unicorn movies are a rarity and the only other movie with unicorns in it worth mentioning is LEGEND . In conclusion , I recommend viewing `` The Last Unicorn '' and/or reading the book before the live action movie comes out in 2005 for a more fulfilling experience -LRB- http://www.the-last-unicorn.net -RRB- .
 ABOUT TIME `` The Last Unicorn '' is released on DVD this is way long overdue.FanS of such movies as the Lord Of The RingS triology will also love this movie.For even though it starts like the children 's movie that it is said to be.But after first 10 minutes or so it gets very much in same line as Lord Of The RingS . . In matter of fact the `` bull '' in this movie resembles a lot the demon that is battled in one scene of the 1ST Lord of the Rings Movie . . So grownups do n't be weary of this movie.It is for all ages.With a soundtrack by the classic band AMERICA . . Long before Elton John did `` Lion King '' or Phil Collins did `` Brother Bear '' or Bryan Adams did `` Spirit '' . There was America doing the music for this movie.This is just one of the best Fantasy filmS of all time . . And it takes a soon to be released live action remake to get this out on dvd.Which is what i been hopeful about . . This movie is very special to me coz this was one of my beloved Mandy 's favorite movies -LRB- Mandy was KILLED by a drunk driver in 1997 . STOP DUI -RRB- . So buy this movie watch it as a family and be captivated by the Magical Mystical Wonder that is the Last Unicorn.And i am sure that you too will add to one of your favorite movies.And FanS of Lord Of The RingS watch this Tolkien-esque tale.If could choose more then 5 stars this would be a lot more not enough stars to exspress the greatness and brillance of this Fantasy Film Classic
 This film truly is one of the greatest fantasy features of all time , and it should be represented as such . The packaging , though , looks like it was designed for children . This movie reaches far beyond the scope of childhood . Has anyone looked at Amazon.uk to see the cover art for the European DVD release ? Its really great if you have n't looked . The American release of the video did the same thing
 I read the original novel this movie is based on , in fact I have it at home . Beautiful scenery a wondeful grasp of the period lends the movie some artistic quality , beginning with the opening credits showing tapestry scenes many unicorn aficionadoes will already be familiar with . A classic quest tale comparable to Homer 's `` Oddessy '' a unicorn searches for her lost kinfolk . Helping her along her way are Schmendrick , a poor man 's Merlin and Molly Grue , a poor woman who still , knows a lot more of unicorns than the incompetent Schmendrick , who is described at one point as not being able to `` turn cream into cheese '' . When his magic does work right , it 's by sheer accident but when he allows his power to flow through him as it will he calls forth Robin Hood and his Merry Men , not forgetting Maid Marian . Of course at the end our heroes win out , Schmendrick finds his true magic , the Unicorn finds the others captured and imprisoned within the waves of the sea and the lost sense of magic and wonder is restored to the world at large . What I would n't give to be a character in this story , I could happily give up my entire reality to live in this world forever.Also the soundtrack by Queen adds to the general artisticness beginning with the opening title theme .
 Do not pay heed to the reviews stating this is a bad release . They are referring to an older DVD release . This `` 25th Anniversary '' edition is widescreen and high quality . I almost did n't buy it based on the misinformation provided on the page for the item , luckily I smelled something fishy and used more reliable sites for more information regarding this release .
 I was watching the TV one day flicking through the channels when I chanced upon this wonderful tale of a beautiful unicorn searching for others of her kind , I shared her journey of joy , sorrow and confusion , meeting an assortment of wonderful characters , surprisingly not all are outright evil , only sad creatures that lost something along the way , it says alot to the creator of this lovely story that your able to feel pity and sadness towards the ` nasty ' characters of this tale.Children of all ages -LRB- plenty of Adults too ! -RRB- will enjoy this movie , it comes highly recommended , -LRB- please keep tissues handy Im sure your going to need it ! -RRB- so please try and get your hands on a copy , the storytelling is as beautiful as its songs , see it through your childs eyes , and appreciate its beauty .
 Peter S. Beagle , one of the modern era 's finest story-tellers -LRB- and certainly the * premiere * writer of fantasy in contemporary literature -RRB- , has written in the preface of his `` The Fantasy Worlds of Peter S. Beagle '' -LRB- 1978 -RRB- that , `` The Last Unicorn is the book that people know who do n't know anything else I 've ever written ; it will probably haunt the rest of my career ... '' His prediction has not gone unrealized , and with good reason . The story of a unicorn who fears she is the last of her kind in the world and sets out to find what may have happened to the others is a world class example of a story thoughtfully , intelligently , and unforgettably told.The same holds true for the screen adaptation of Beagle 's novel , primarily for one reason and one reason only
 As a child , i recalled watching this awesome piece of animation continuously . Now as a young adult at the age of 17 , i find it more and more mesmerizing to watch this movie more and more with a better understanding of the heroine and her tale as a beautiful unicorn in search of the rest of her `` people '' that were dragged to the ends of the earth by the strong and dangerously powerful Red Bull . . the caretaker of the Unicorns.The voices aiding in the tale are also wonderful and breath a new sense of life into the characters of Schmedrick , Molly , Prince Lir ' , the evil King Haggard , are just a few examples of great `` acting '' . From the opening sequence of the unicorn in her splendor as a magnificent creature longing for a companion until the closing sequence of the unicorn returning home with a better understanding of True love , this is surely a delight not worth missing . This film is an excellent adaption of the book by Peter S. Beagle and I reccomend that everyone agrees with me to pick up a copy of Beagle 's novel BEFORE or after you watch this wonderful work because either way , you 're in for an absolute treat full of adventure , fantasy , and of course , True Love .
 This is , overall , an excellent though , necessarily , quite simplified film of Peter Beagle 's wonderful book.The animation is classic Japanese/anime style , which bothers some people but seems quite appropriate to me.The simplifications to the storyline mostly involve the town of Hagsgate and the outlaw band of Captain Cully , the Robin Hood wannabe `` outlaw '' , but also unfortunately involve the omission of the wonderful songs that Beagle wrote and included as part of the text , which are replaced by -LRB- of all things -RRB- songs by Jimmie Webb , sung by America . -LRB- I would have awarded five stars , not four , if the soundtrack had included some or all of Beagle 's original songs . -RRB- According to a story that has been confirmed by the author , Christopher Lee -LRB- who supplied the voice for King Haggard -RRB- showed up for the recording sessions armed with his own copy of the book , with several places marked to indicate things that must not , in his opinion , be omitted.All of the voices are execllently chosen -- Mia Farrow does the Unicorn/Lady Amalthea very well , indeed , Alan Arkin is wonderful as the slightly befuddled sem-competent wizard , Schmendrick , Christopher gives the perfect sad and weary reading to King Haggard , and Robert Klein is absolutely marvellous as the Butterfly.This is a story of inevitability and of the ending of things and of immortality and mortality ; of heroism and villainy and of love and joy and sorrow and regret and of finding and of loss.The Unicorn must discover what it is to be human and through that rediscover what it is to be a unicorn , so that she can face the terrifying Red Bull . King Haggard 's son Prince Lir -LRB- Jeff Bridges -RRB- must become a hero in order to understand that all things have their destinies and their destined endings.And Schmendrick must learn that even a wizard needs more than merely magic to be a whole person , no matter how fiercely he desires magic ... The whole story is about destinies and quests and fulfillments -- `` Heroes know that things must happen when it is time for them to happen . A quest may not simply be abandoned ; unicorns may go unrescued for a long time , but not forever ; a happy ending can not come in the middle of the story , '' says Prince Lir.Wonderful and sad , uplifting and -LRB- just a little , just enough -RRB- scary , romantic and funny , this is a film for people of any age who have not forgotten the magic of the words `` Once upon a time ... ''
 I 've loved this movie from the time it was released , when I was five years old , until now ... The Last Unicorn is one of my all-time favorites . Do n't let the title fool you ; this movie proves the old adage `` you ca n't judge a book -LSB- or movie ! -RSB- by it 's cover . '' The Last Unicorn has wonderfully complex characters and is beautifully animated . Cartoons are n't always just for kids ! This is very artistically done , and I 've never met anyone who saw the movie and did n't love it . -LRB- That includes my skeptical roommate who thought it looked `` My Little Ponyish . '' She watched it after I bought it -- and now she loves it , too . -RRB- The soundtrack has beautiful music as well , and it just adds immeasurable value to the charm of the movie . By all means , get a copy of this video and see for yourself . The story is incredibly special , and will stay with you for years . Do n't miss out on this one ! It 's the best accomplishment made in the animation genre that I have ever seen .
 This is an absolutely lovely movie , and was one of my favorites as a kid . However , just a quick warning to parents
 One of my earliest memories is running at top speed to the living room because HBO was playing The Last Unicorn . This was one of my favorite movies growing up as a child , so I was thrilled when I saw it released on DVD . Even though I 'm in my twenties now , I still enjoy this movie . It is one of those stories that can be enjoyed on many levels
 I first saw this film in the theaters when I was in elementary school because it had unicorns in it . I had no idea how intense the movie would be.When I saw the film later as an adult , I appreciated the story 's well-crafted examination of hope , dreams , fears , imagination , whimsy , self-realization , and redemption . The characters have surprising emotional depth and dimension for `` cartoons '' . When I saw this film again I had forgotten how scary it was the first time around -LRB- perhaps I had originally missed the scary scenes when I was in the restroom ? -RRB- . Watching it as an adult , I felt grippingly intense sorrow , fear , and frustration from some of the characters -- the evil was so realistically and poignantly conveyed that I could * feel * it inside -- and I am not a typically emotional person.As such , I can not recommend this film for pre-schoolers and young children . Some scenes are just too scary and frightening , even if the overarching themes of the film are positive . Nightmares might ensue otherwise . The film was originally rated G in the days when just G , PG , and R were available . I think today it would probably be rated PG.If you let your children watch this , I highly recommend you watch it with them and discuss the themes with them . Use it as a teaching tool that brings great pleasure . The movie IS touchingly beautiful in its story , animation , voicing , and music . It 's just a little too mature and intense for the young ` uns .
 The DVD release of this movie has to be some sort of quick-cash ploy . They did n't do a thing to make it worth my fifteen bucks . No clean-up , no better sound quality , nada . It 's not horrible , but they could have done so much better.Content wise , this movie has nothing particularly inappropriate , and the plot is very creative . In all honesty , the actors pretty much ca n't sing -- Mia Farrow sings the first half of `` Now that I 'm a Woman , '' and she really has no vocal ability there . However , it comes across less as a problem , and more like someone actually singing -- as if a normal person just spontaneously decided to sing . I actually like it.There are some pretty creepy moments in this movie , and most of my friends have mentioned that if they saw it when they were little it scared them , but not enough that they did n't really like it . There are two `` damn `` s in the movie , but they 're barely audible and not particularly offensive , unless you 're looking for them ... national television has worse.I give the artists a lot of credit for the character design in this movie , which is wonderful . The unicorn does n't have the Horseicorn cheapness seen in several other feature films -- its true to the book.I am excited for the release of the rendered version of this movie ; perhaps it will present better quality than this dvd .
 I just wanted to say that I have nothing aginst the movie itself . My problem with this is the DVD transfer . It is horrible ! It really makes me sad , too , because I love The Last Unicorn . It 's such a beautiful story and with an incredible ensemble . You would think they would have taken the time to make a nice package for the fans . Unfortunately , that did n't happen . Even so , I am glad to see this movie at last on DVD . Again , this is a great storyline . It is the story of a Unicorn who goes off to find the other unicorns in the world . On her way she meets some friends and ends up being turned human by a wizard . It 's colorful , imaginative , and very creative . I love the ending because it 's daring and different .
 This DVD is a must-have for everyone like me , who loved this movie as a kid and want it for nostalgia 's sake , as well as for kids today who have never seen it before but are guaranteed to love it.The VHS of this movie , the story of `` the last '' of the unicorns on a quest to find others like herself , was a staple of my childhood ; I have been looking to add this to my DVD collection forever , and I 'm thrilled I finally can.Stirring , heartwarming , and uniquely bittersweet , this movie is truly a classic that more than deserves this updated release . -LRB- NOTE
 I used to watch this movie all the time when i was little . It is a great movie about a unicorn that discovers that she is the last one . She goes on a journey to find the others . There is a king that keeps all the other unicorns in the sea so he can watch them whenever he likes and the unicorn has to face the red bull that keeps the unicorns in the sea . The unicorn gets turned into a human by her magician friend and she forgets who she is , and falls in love with the prince . It is a great movie and little girls love to watch it .
 I first watched this when I was a little girl , and I love it just as much now as I ever did . It teaches kids good lessons nand is a joy to watch .
 I bought this movie about three months ago I belive I got in some time in Early January . I had know about it longer than that . I belive the first time I saw it up for sale was in August of either 06 or 05 . I however was reluctant to get it I was n't sure if it would be as god as the other animated movies that came out in the same decade such as the original return of the king . This movie has been out a long time in vhs format but is relatively new in dvd format . The film was original relased 25 years ago in the middle of 1982 . But has only been avilable in DVD format for about the last three years or mid 2004 This a phonominal move tells the story of a young unicorn who is despertly searching to find here missing kin . Can she with the aid of a bumbling magican defeat the red bull and free the other unicorns . This movie has phonominal cast including the phonimal Christopher lee who recently appeared in the Fellowship of the Ring and the Two towers and who was also original appeared in one scene in the Return of King but unfortunaetly that scene of the movie was cut out of the widescream and theatrical version of movie to save time and two speed up the film . You can see it but only in the four disk special extended edition . Also thought to inform you there are two version of this there is a regular version then there is a special 20th aniversary version you can get them on Amazon for under 20 dollars if you get them used in just very good conditon . A word of advice if you have a dvd player but you live out side of North Americas in contents Europe - through Austarila I recommend you get this in VHS format if possible . There are copies of this dvd up for sale on amazon in region two format but they are kind pricy the cheaptest you can purchase a copy of the dvd in this format is some where inbetween $ 100 and 110 with the shipping fee include . A word of warming even though this movie got a g-rating some parts of this movie like the scenes with the red bull chasing the unicorn and the part when the wizard is being smothered by the female tree may be to intense or to vulgar for kids under the age of thirteen to handle depending on what there parents our guardians thinks is appropriate for there age . Will the unicorn free here people . There is also a novel version of this as well .
 The Last Unicorn is a charming family movie . I really enjoyed the folk music soundtrack by America and the wonderful animation . I 'm so glad that the movie features the voices of talented actors like Mia Farrow , Jeff Bridges , and Christopher Lee . Children will love this film as mine do . It has a classic story line ; Good vs. Bad so it 's an easy plot for kids to grasp . It also has a little more depth and enough humor for adults to be able to enjoy this movie also.The only problem I see with this movie is the format not the actual movie . It is full screen instead the preferred widesceen by many . Also , the movie says it has special features , but I could n't find them.Although there are those format issues I listed above , this movie is still awesome . I would definately recommend this film as it is a nice family movie .
 the movie was a childhood favorite and even now i still love the movie !
 I have always loved this movie and was so excited to learn it was on DVD finally . A wonderful cast and wonderful music . I could watch it again and again . I love it .
 I watched this when I was young . My daughter loves the fantasy horses like unicorns and pegusus . She enjoyed the movie . Thanks .
 If you read the book you would understand how great this movie is . The plot and the characters are unique . ***** + If you love fantasy you will love this movie . RENT IT > > > BUY IT > > > > READ IT !
 I 've always loved unicorns and from the moment I first watched this movie when I was 6 I was hooked . It was the vision of all my dreams coming true the magical unicorn !! The movie is brillant and magical . A true treasure ! The characters and settings are a true fairyland . Every child 's dream come true on the screen . A must see !!
 From the age of 5 unicorns were my passion . My room was plastered with pictues and I had countless books all about these mythical creatures . When I saw The Last Unicorn for the first time , I wanted nothing more than to be a unicorn myself . Finally I was able to get a scratching commercial infested version taped from an airing on T.V. I watched it religiously until my father accidentally erased it . This happened when I was 8 years old . Now , 12 years later I have stumbled apon amazon and I instantly sent away for my very own copy on video . This movie is full of magic , wonder and excitment . This is one of the few movies that can give the viewer a taste of their childhood again and leave you happier having watched it . As a child I was inspired by The Last Unicorn and through it I discovered my artistic talents when I just had to draw my own unicorns . This is a fantastic addition to anyone 's video library and to anyone 's imagination .
 This movie was my all time favorite as a child , and I have been searching for it in video stores everywhere . The story line is beautiful and moving , and the unicorn goes on a life journey that both inspires and enchants ! This is most definately a timeless classic that all should have the opportunity to enjoy !
 I have loved this movie ever since I saw it when I was five . I am now fourteen , and collect all kinds of Unicorn things . The movie was so magical it really makes you believe Unicorns exist . It still makes me cry .
 This was a wonderful movie that I used to and still do love . A great movie for kids of all ages . I highly recommend it . I also recommend The Never-Ending Story .
 This is exelent entertainment for the entire family . If you all had 7 stars this would rate an eight .
 When I was little , this is the first movie I remember seeing . Again and again . Every time I saw it , I would laugh , cry , and swear that someday I would own a copy . I finally do , and it has not changed . I have every line memorized , every song -LRB- and they are wonderful , to whoever wrote that top review -RRB- , every little nuance ... it is so much a part of me that I can not imagine what I would be like if I had never seen it . Different , and probably worse . Believe it or not , this wonderful child 's tale of magick and monsters and True Love does have a moral and lessons . If you have children and have n't shown them The Last Unicorn yet , be sure to soon . It 's too good to pass up !
 Everything about this movie is incredible . An incredible plot , incredible characters , and incredible animation . But this is one of those films where you either hate it with all your heart , or love it with all your heart . I am the latter . So , if your heart is true and your mind is open , and -LRB- Most importantly -RRB- , you love fantasy , see this movie NOW !! Otherwise , E-mail me with your complaints about this movie and I 'll gladly clear them up for you . END
 The color is beautiful and crisp and the audio is crystal clear . and what might be unforgivable to some ... is the editing of `` damn '' . It appears three times ... if my memory serves me right . The first time it is spoken by Ruk -LRB- `` I do n't care how many damn spells you put on her ! Get rid of that harpy ! -RRB- the bad guys can say damn . But the good guys obviously ca n't . They 're removed it from both Molly 's speech and Lir 's exclamation as he asending the steps to meet Amalthea . They very neatly edited it out . You wo n't notice it if you have n't memorized the script , but for those who have -LRB- like me -RRB- it ruins one of the most moving speeches in the movie . What does this movie have a G rating anyway ? Busty trees , naked ladies and crazed , nipply harpies ... slap a PG on `` The Late Unicorn '' and give my `` Damn ! '' , damnnit!I 'm also disappointed that they used Mia Farrow 's singing for `` Now that I 'm a Woman '' when the german soundtrack has a different woman sing the song . I thought they would remove Mia 's singing and use the better version.It 's a shame that after all this work that went into this release , they changed the one thing that did matter to fans and did n't change the other thing that obviously needed to be changed.I 'm not sorry I bought it , i got 2 dvd of it i love the last Unicorn however . It 's a major improvment on the old DVD .
 I used to watch this video all the time when I was a littlegirl ! I always loved Fantasy stories , and unicorns in particular!When I first saw this movie , I loved it from the start ! With characters like Amounthea -LRB- the unicorn -RRB- believing she is the last , and Schmendrick the `` magician '' who never gets his spells quite right , or Molly , who 's longed to see a unicorn forever , but was told they did n't exsist ! The three venture out , to find other unicorns like Amounthea , where they meet King Haggard , and his son , the prince , and the Red Bull . The whole story is thrilling for anyone who loves fantasy !! Enjoy !!
 I always thought I 'd eventually get to old to like a movie with wizards , unicorns , and talking cats ... but fortunatley , that day has not yet come.watch it - its a good movie to watch the first time with the whole family , since some parts did scare me a bit when I was little
 This is such a fantastic animated film . I 've loved it since childhood , however , i would love to see a new DVD version of this film . Video is a dead format , and I hope to see this classic brought to life in the dvd world .
 All I can say is that when I watch this movie I 'm a kid again.It was my favorite when I was a kid and still is.I love the music and the characters . But of course I love the unicorn the most . It 's a touching and heart warming story thats sure to become a family classic . I totally recommend it .
 My only complaint is a brief scene where the wizard is smashed between a live -LRB- female -RRB- tree 's breasts and says `` Oh my g -- . I 'm engaged to a douglas fir ! '' . Otherwise , a wonderful , well scripted movie . My children ages 8 to 3 were transfixed , and I loved it as a child and still do .
 Wonderful , I loved it as a kid . My only complaint is one brief scene with a huge tree , the wizard says `` Oh my g -- , I 'm engaged to a douglas fir ! '' . Otherwise , it is one of the best fantasy children 's films ever made .
 I can still remember the first time I saw the Last Unicorn , years ago , at someone 's house . Whenever I think of it , I remember a side view of the screen showing the Unicorns in the ocean and the Bull , with the music playing . As time passed , I forgot the name of the movie and what it was about except for the Bull and the Unicorn . That is , until I helped a friend clean her room and found an old copy of it . That feeling was like falling in love all over again . The Last Unicorn was the one thing that got me interested in fantasy , and I can guarantee that I will never , ever forget this movie .
 I used to make my mom check this movie out for me everytime she took my brother and me to rent something . Just recently I saw it on t.v. I felt like I was six again watching that movie . It completely and totally touched my heart . It made me feel like a little girl again with thoes imagitive thoughts that children have . It was an amazing feeling that I got . I just bought the book yesterday and started reading it . It is wonderful too . I ca n't describe the magical feeling that I got from this movie . I read about it on the internet the other day because I was curious to find out more info on it and a woman wrote about the feeling that I get when I see that movie . She said it would be a shame if not everyone could feel that , but it may not be for everyone . I agree that it would be a shame for someone to never feel that feeling that I have experienced . I would very highly recommend seeing this . It is one of thoes movies that you never forget .
 My favorite story as a kid . A Unicorn , not wanting to believe she is the last of her kind sets out on a journey to find others like her . On the way she meets a bumbling , but good natured , magician , and a hard bitten woman who never stopped believing in Unicorns . Through an accident of magic , she becomes human , and learns what it means to feel love and regret , something none of her kind have ever known or understood.Simply one of the most wonderful stories ever told . `` They will stare , unbelieving , at the last unicorn ! ''
 At age 6 , my parents rented this video for me , knowing of my love of mythical things . From that day forth , the movie -LRB- and eventually the book as well -RRB- held a place near and dear to my heart . While I 'd never recommend the film for children who are n't used to mild cursing or animated violence , it remains a testament to looking beyond the first glance of things .
 I fell in love with this movie as a child and i was waiting for the DVD version so i would get better viewing quality . Unfortunately , this was not the case . Not only were the pictures grainly and shaky , but they were also shown in full screen where sometimes only 1/8 of a face was shown in the screen . The sound quality was also horrible i 'd suspect that even the VHS version would 've been better . It breaks my heart to see such a classic treated this way . The story itself is wonderful and stick very close to the book it was based on . I 'd definitely recommend this movie to audiences both old and young . Despite the quality i 'm glad to have a copy of this gem .
 Since childhood I have enjoyed most animated movies . I saw this one as a man in my late twenties and I thought it a joy . Several years ago I showed it to my mothers godsons and they loved it as well . It helped them to appreciate good animated movies . The voices of the characters are great . Many you should recognize . Anyone that likes animated stories and anime movies will probably enjoy this movie . Fans of movies like `` Legend '' , `` Labrynth '' and `` Dark Crystal '' should enjoy it . I have had the video for about twenty years so I am looking forward to getting the DVD .
 I can clearly remember the many emotions I felt during this movie . The joy you felt at the return of the unicorns . The stark terror you felt at the sight of the red bull -LRB- by the way , he STILL gives me the willies -RRB- , and the sense of sadness when our heroine unicorn is hunted for selfishness . This is not a film for the small kids -LRB- red bulls ran after me in my dreams for many nights after I saw this -RRB- but it is a masterpiece of animation . The score is phenomenal and sucks you deeply into the movie . I recommend this to everyone , not just fantasy fans . See what real animation and storytelling is like .
 This is a beautiful , moving story that captures our desire to keep magic in the world even as we outgrow it . As a child this story moved me to tears , and as an adult it still does . Magic , adventure , imagination , romance , deep internal struggles to find oneself -- it has it all . Those who liked the movie might also want to encourage their children to read the book written by Peter S. Beagle . The movie parallels it beautifully . Music is performed by the group America , and the poetry of the words is just beautiful ! Kudos to Mia Farrow for bringing this beautiful unicorn to life .
 this -LRB- and the transformers move-but they 're in two completely different categories -RRB- is my favorite animated movie ever.usually animated movies are dull and childish.this movie is really a great one-animated or not.i was looking to see if they had it for dvd but apparently-no dice.i really do hope they put it out on dvd my tape is well over ten years old now and it 'd be a shame if i could no longer watch it.if you 're into fantasy or if you 're not-if you 're into animated movies or if you 're not-you 'll love this movie -LRB- if you have any taste at all -RRB- . this is a great movie .
 My four year old is positively obsessed with unicorns , we rented it from a local video store a few months ago and now we have to buy it or I 'll go broke renting it !! I have watched it with my daughter several times and it is quite enchanting as far as the theme goes . The animation is typical Japanese style and the music typical early 80 's ! But to little children who live in fantasy worlds 95 % of the time , this is a good movie .
 This movie was such a huge part of my childhood , but very , very few people I know have seen it . Every time I come across someone who has seen it , I know I 've found a ` kindred spirit . ' Everyone who I 've ever met who has seen it is simply in love with it . It 's so rare , I have an old , old treasured copy that is among my most treasured possesions . Read the book !!!
 `` The Last Unicorn '' is n't just a movie , it is a fantasy that touches the hearts of all that watch it . Something that evokes feelings of performing the impossible . I suggest it to anyone who still is in touch with the child-like pureness in themselves .
 I think that the last Unicorn was one of the cutest movies that I have ever seen . The unicorn was really pretty too ! I think whoever made this movie should make more movies .
 This movie is absolutely the `` BEST '' NON-DISNEY films I 've seen since I was a little girl . It has captivated my imagination and my love for unicorns . As much I love Disney , I believe Disney may learn a lot from this animated classic for the animation is superb and way ahead of it 's time . The animation of this film is Japanese Anime no doubt , because if you look closely at the character 's eyes they 're emphasized . I give the studio the credit they trully deserve ! 4 Thumbs up ! A must see for the animator wanna-be within . You ca n't afford to miss seeing this film or your childhood would be incomplete without it . Older children intended of course .
 `` The Last Unicorn '' is so wonderful ! I am actually watching it this second . The animation is so beatiful . Although I am fourteen years old , I have always loved this movie . It has and will be my favorite animated movie for all time .
 This movie was the most amazing cartoon i have ever seen . I dont recomend this movie for little children though , there is a liittle swearing hear and there . This movie is defanetly worth adding to youre collection .
 This is the most amazing movie I have seen in my entire life . I love unicorns and this movie portrayed the beauty and elegance a unicorn has . I first watched it when it came out on TV and it still touches me today . It has been awhile since I watched the movie but it still lives on in my mind . For anyone who has n't watched it , please do . It is truly a touching story .
 Forget this new `` computer animated '' stuff . If you want to see `` real '' magic , see this movie , it can make you cry . Although I 'm 27 years , I still love this movie . it can bring you out of reality right into the heart of fantasy
 This is a must-see movie
 This amazing movie stole all of my emotions and put them on film . I laughed , cried , and I stood on the edge of my seat through out the entire movie ! I am still just a child and enjoy watching it over and over with my friends and family . It 's a great movie that I would love to share with my children . -LRB- when I grow up and have some -RRB- . END
 I have loved this movie since I been very young . In order to like it you must have a love for make-believe animals . I love unicorns . I will watch this movie with my kids and forever . END
 The movie was published before I was born , but I know my mother must have rented while she was pregnant with me , because I have always , always had a deep love for this movie . Since I was old enough to talk my father into renting me videos -LRB- about 2 years of age -RRB- I have been getting that movie . I had almost forgotten about the wonderful thing until I was it Easter sunday on television , that brought it all back . Since I 've read the book and gotten even deeper into the story . Both the book and the Movie are wonderful if you can deal with a little sadness and I suggest you get both . END
 This movie changed my entire life -- I 'm not kidding ! Without this movie I would be nothing . I do n't know why , but this movie goes to your head ! I have two unicorn posters , two painted unicorn portraits , I do n't know how many unicorn books , and about a zillion unicorn figures becuase of this great book !!!!! END
 After seeing a screening of this film last night , I realized that the current DVD release has been heavily censored to please over protective parents . As Mr. Beagle said himself , `` When sold at Wallmart , it looked like ` My Little Pony ' on steroids . When parents actually saw the film they were upset by its content . Walmart put the pressure on Lion 's Gate and this cut of the movie was removed . `` This release of the DVD still is in its uncut form . The ' 25th Anniversary Edition ' DVD has only the censored cut of the film . In that version over 12 minutes have been removed and Amalthea 's human body has been retouched to eliminate any nudity.So I know that this release of the DVD has very poor quality but it is worth buying . Let me let you in on a little secret ... The ' 25th Anniversary Edition ' DVD has almost exactly the same poor sound and video quality . In my opinion , the ' 25th Anniversary Edition ' DVD has worse picture quality with only a monotone soundtrack . The version on this older DVD release has better sound than the newer one . Both soundtracks are titled ` monotone ' but on the original release the sound is better . I think that the reason for this is because the ' 25th Anniversary Edition ' was ripped off a VHS then transfered to DVD without re-mastering -LRB- except for the censorship -RRB- . This older edition of the DVD was probably taken from a recording that HBO had been given for broadcast . All in all , buy the older edition and skip the ' 25th Anniversary ' DVD . Do n't sit around and wait for an uncut DVD / Blu-ray release because there will never be one . Mr. Beagle himself told me that face to face . If you are going to be all upset about the high cost and low quality just transfer your VHS copy yourself at home by yourself . If by some miracle you have a VHS of the HBO version , please do the right thing and make copies for your friends .
 I was unsure when I first got the DVD if I would like it because some of the reviews where bad . But then once I saw if I thought it was actually better then the VHS . This was because in some parts the coloring of the unicorn was better then on the VHS . Or atleast I thought so . The only problem I find iwht it is that you ca n't find the special features on the main menu . Im guessing its like an easter egg or something .
 When I was about four or five years old I loved to watch The Last Unicorn . Spotting it at Blockbuster , I decided to rent it , wondering how I would see it now.I was worried when I saw that the animation was Rankin/Bass , but in the end I found it to be a visual confection.Some of the characters do look a little cheesy , but most of the time the animation dazzled me . In particular Mommy Fortuna 's tree stump hat is very cool , forestscapes are ethereal , and I love Molly 's BIG brown eyes.My favorite scene is the meeting of Molly and the Unicorn ... The woman is angered that the Unicorn came to her at a low point in her life rather than when she was `` new and innocent . '' After that schpiel Molly embraces her and whispers , `` I forgive you . `` To my mind , this is one of those works like The Little Prince or The Mouse and His Child that is meant for chidren but is sincere enough to captivate adults as well . Well done .
 When the last eagle soars over the last crumbling mountain , and thel ast lion roars at the last dusty fountain . In the shadow of the forest , though she may be old and worn , they will stare unbelieveing at the last unicorn ... Thus begins the adventure . When two men passing through a forest comment that unicorns do n't exist anymore , they are overheard by the resident unicorn.Deeply troubled by the thought that she might be the last of her kind , she tries to reassure herself , only to be spurred on by the words of a well travelled butterfly , regarding her kind . `` They passed down these roads long ago , and the red bull ran close behind them and covered their footprints . `` This causes her to leave her home , to travel into the world of man and risk her life , to find out if she is truly the last.Along the way , she encounters well established characters such as Mommy Fortuna , the old witch , Schmendrick the bumbling but well meaning magician , and Molly Grue , a woman who never stopped dreaming of meeting a unicorn.With their help , the unicorn continues on her quest , facing the travelling circus , the outlaws , the red bull , and finally , the evil king responsible for the dissapearance of her kind.Will she rescue the others , or is she doomed to be the last unicorn ?
 It is not often that an animated film retains so much relevance and insight for a person over the course of their entire life , but this is one such film . A child can watch it for the story , a teenager for it 's setting , and an adult for its messages . It is a truly great work that can impact anyone 's heart and mind no matter what their own situation . In a world where quality entertainment for children is becoming difficult to find , this classic remains as a timeless example of potent storytelling that does n't have to rely on eye candy or violence to hold someone 's attention .
 The last unicorn is one of my most watched and favourite videos i own ! No joke ! I recommend you buy this coz it will fufil your life in a way you never thought was possible ! This twisted and strange supernatural love and adventure story is a great video for any time . This film is one of my favorites and i highly recommend it !!! 5 ***** !!!
 Once you see this movie , it 's hard to forget it . you ca n't forget the characters , the music , the story . It 's like the deepest cartoon next to The prince of Egypt . and the music ... it just makes you want to cry.I love all the songs!A classic forever.To show your children . the last unicorn is just the stuff .
 I remember watching this movie when I was young and thought it was the most beautiful animated tale I have ever seen , and I still think that way . The story is about a lone unicorn -LRB- voiced by Mia Farrow -RRB- who leaves her enchanted forest in search of others just like her . No mortal can see her for what she truely is , except a grisled old mystic who captures her for her midnight carney of oddities and a bumbling magician called Shmendrick who releases her and helps her find the other unicorns . She encounters other strange people in her travels , including a dangerous Red Bull , who according to legend , forced all of the unicorns into the sea.This movie might not have the same drawing techniques as the animation of today -LRB- looks more like The Hobbit -RRB- , but it certainly makes up for it with a full talented cast , including Jeff Bridges , and a wonderfully whimsical story line . I bought it and played it for my kids , and they love it . I can assure you that you 'll love it too .
 Wow , I remember when I first watched this movie whenI was really young . My sister and I always mademy Dad rent it for us , and now I finally own it!It has wonderful music and beautiful imagery!If you buy this , you wo n't regret it at all!This movie is a definite must for all people who lovefantasy movies , especially if you like Lord of the Rings , because I think that The Last Unicorn was maybe influenced abit by LOTR ...
 This is by far one of the best animated films , not cartoons , i say films , i have ever seen . I have watched this movie since i was a child and i love it . The songs are memorable -LRB- courtesy of America -RRB- the animation is spectacular , and the story is rich and poignant . I recommend this to anyone who has a heart .
 Yet another movie I enjoyed as a child , I recently found `` The Last Unicorn '' here on Amazon and purchased it . The story line is quite good , telling of the unicorn searching for the rest of her kind . She meets some friends along the way , and comes in contact with the Red Bull -LRB- not the drink -RRB- . All in all , it is a good show .
 I remember loving `` The Last Unicorn '' as a child , and was thrilled to find it for sale on Amazon.com ! This movie in it 's fantasy setting , with it 's subtle yet strong references to the endless struggle of good and evil ... is absolutely amazing . This is a movie that will keep you spellbound with a story of love , beauty , greed , and sorrow . It is beautifully animated , and it keeps my own kids glued to their seats each time they watch it . `` The Last Unicorn '' is a must have for your video collection whether you are 5 or 105 .
 Read the book to your kids , then watch the movie together . It 's well worth the time invested .
 The Last Unicorn is an excellent movie . I watched it when I was about 5 or 6 years old , and it scared the crud out of me . Eventually , I grew to love it in a frightening way . The menagerie of animals , the Red Bull , and the old guy in the castle -LRB- sorry , I forget his name ! -RRB- was enough to creep any kid under the age of 10 out . I definitely recommend this movie to kids 11 + because it sends the imagination soaring and takes you back to fantasy land . Plus , for it 's time , the cartoon effects are very good . The flaming Red Bull , amongst other characters , makes you believe .
 I loved this movie as a child , and still love it today . It is perfect for adults and children ... excellent story and unique animation that transcends its time . Now if only they 'd release it on DVD !!!
 I loved the movie . Will watch it over and over . Arrived in great condition and on ahead of the delivery time .
 Excellent fantasy-story not only for children but also for adults . We hear the voices of great talents like Angela Lansbury , Mia Farrow and Christopher Lee . The music and the main song is performed by America and the result is so fine . Enjoy it one and once again .
 i loved this movie when i was a kid . . and i always will ! oh and yeah , the product was in good condition and arrived promptly .
 when I was little I watched this movies and fell in love with it 's uniqueness . I never have seen a movie quite the same so it still is treasured as `` the only Unicorn Movie '' in my memory bank .
 This was my favorite movie as a little girl ! Now my 6 year old niece is very much into Unicorns . I bought her this movie for her birthday and she watched it 6 times that day ! This was a brand new DVD , the quality is beautiful , much better than I remember it ever being . My niece watches this movie several times per week . I feel like a kid again when I watch it with her . : o -RRB-
 So nice to see that movie I saw when I was 5 years old.A magnificient fairy tale with a beautiful music
 I missed the original when it was released . We purchased the 25th Anniversary Edition for our grandkids and I caught it with them.Wow ! It was touching , funny , and lovely to look at . Just get it and share it with children .
 I bought this as a christmas birthday present for my twin grand daughters who are now 27 . As children they could not watch this movie enough . They both have children who will enjoy it as much as they did . It is a really great movie for young children .
 I had watched this on tv when I was a little girl . I remember loving the music and therefore bought this anniversary edition . Picture clear and sounds terrific . A keepsake to watch with family and children .
 This has been a favorite of mine for many years . My children watched it and now I 've bought it for my granddaughter . She loves it too ! A must have .
 A gift for my daughter , who is a fantasy fan AND an animation major in college . I 've always loved this story , and so have my kids .
 I had gotten this movies for my daughter many , many years ago in the VHS form . She loved the movie , she introduced her daughter to it , who fell in love with unicorns . I enjoyed rewatching this movie . Adding to the excitment of watching with one small grandchild -LRB- child -RRB- . Memories
 The Last Unicorn is one of my favorite childhood movies . The screenplay was adapted from the original novel by the original author and really knows how to draw the audience in and make them a part of the fantasy.The voice acting in this movie outshines the animation . With voices from the likes of Christopher Lee , Mia Farrow , Jeff Bridges , Angela Lansbury and many other well-known names , the characters in this story come to life and in an amazing and magical way . This cast could not have been better selected and the songs and orchestrations provided by America really help to highlight the tone and theme of the movie.The animation is traditional for the Rankin Bass studios . It shines in action and detail scenes but , can be choppy and slow in other areas . This still does not detract from the story and will probably go unnoticed by the audience as they are drawn into the film.The commentary track and other features are really amazing . Peter Beagle , the author of the original novel and screenplay really highlights the way in which the story was developed and demonstrated an in-depth knowledge of animation and the animating process despite it not being his particular field of expertise.If someone enjoys this film , the blue ray release will not disappoint . The image quality is superb and the audio is flawless . It also has both the original theatrical release audio as well as an edited `` family '' track that cuts out one or two curse words used . Personally , I believe the censored audio to be unnecessary but , it is there .
 I had this on VHS when Iwas a child and love it . I still do . It is a classic that I can watch over and over again . My family rolled there ees at it till I played it and they were glued to it . This is a classsic for the young and the old . and it will keep you wanting to have it to send down the generations .
 Unlike many films of its type , the script for The Last Unicorn was written by the author of the original book . Because of this , it is an astonishingly accurate retelling of much of the original story . The book , obviously , is still better , but the book does n't have the heart-wrenchingly beautiful soundtrack by America , so it all evens out in the end .
 It took a while for my daughter to get into this movie -LRB- at age 6 -RRB- but now that we own it she loves it .
 My daughter saw this when she was a child and said she wanted to see this again . The movie is cute
 I grew up with this movie , and I absolutely love it . It is very fantasy based , and NOT girly in my opinion . I bought the movie to show my Husband and although he 's typically open minded , he was opening complaining about NOT wanting to see it . He ultimately humored me , and we watched it , and I remembered all the awesome imagery and the interesting story.When it was over he said h liked it , but it was more of a &#34; meh &#34; reaction . As for me , I suppose I am still a fan because I have such fond memories of it from when I was a kid , so buy it for your kids ! You may find your self loving it to . HEY ! Here 's a thought , did the company &#34; Red Bull &#34; get their name from this movie ? Think about it . ; -RRB-
 This is a all time family classic with beautiful animation and music . The best part is the storyline . This is a move the whole family can enjoy and watch over and over again .
 The last unicorn to me the best movie of all times but the I was upset when I got the anniversary edition . They cut out all the stuff that was in the original show . This movie was not meant for children so why did they cut it down to be formatted as so ? and now it 's so hard to find the uncut version on DVD . Still and yet I love the movie and know it by heart . Loved it since I was a kid and always will .
 Probably one of the most cherished non-Disney animated family movies from the last century , The Last Unicorn was based on the book of the same name by Peter S. Beagle . This was one of the few theatrical movies produced by Jules Bass and Aurthur Rankin Jr. , better known as Rankin/Bass , the creators of nearly every Christmas holiday TV special , and other hit shows like Thundercats and Silverhawks.Set sometime during the middle ages , a unicorn discovers from a passing butterfly that she is the only one left in the world . She leaves her forest in search of them , but gets captured by a witch for her travelling carnival . The unicorn is set free by the novice magician Schmendrick . Along the way , they are accompanied by the ex-bandit wench Molly Grue . The trio make their way to realm of King Haggard where the other unicorns are supposed to be . Once there , Haggard 's menacing Red Bull appears to drive the unicorn into the sea . In order to protect her , Schmendrick taps into his true magic and turns the unicorn into a human female , which makes the Red Bull give up on her . Our heroes then enter into Haggard 's castle under the guise of looking for work , with Schmendrick claiming that the now-human unicorn is his niece , Amalthea . Schmendrick keeps Haggard entertained , while Molly searches for a way into the Red Bull 's lair which is supposed to lead to the missing unicorns . Haggard 's son Lir has meanwhile has fallen in love with Amalthea , believing her to be just a beautiful girl , while at the same time Amalthea is growing fond of him and growing to forget her former life as a unicorn . Molly and Schmendrick eventually find the secret entrance , and with Alamathea and Lir into tow , they confront the Red Bull . Amalthea is changed back into a human , who because of her newfound human feelings is able to defeat the Red Bull and free all the unicorns that were trapped in the sea . Amalthea the unicorn then heads back for her forest , with Schmendrick and Molly apparently hooking up together in the end.This film features some of the best animation by the Rankin/Bass group since their animated version of The Hobbit . The studio responsible for most of the actual animation though was Topcraft , whose work also includes the anime movie Nausicaa . The character designs are very unique and original too . The movie features an odd assortment of voice actors , like Mia Farrow doing a wonderful job as the unicorn , Christopher Lee as the mad Haggard , Alan Arkin as indifferent Schmendrick , and Rene Auberjonois steals his scene as a laughing skeleton . There have been two DVD releases of this movie , the original , and the 25th Anniversary Edition which has way better quality . If you have n't seen this yet , treat yourself to a truly epic animated fantasy .
 I have to start by saying that I saw this movie for the first time as a small child and have never , and will never forget it . It seems silly to say that this movie shaped my life , but it definitely has !! The story is beautiful , and I absolutely recommend the book by Peter Beagle . What a well-written , poetic , heartbreakingly good story . The movie is animated beautifully and the actors did a superb job with the voices , especially Mia Farrow!That said , the DVD version of this movie sucks . I had the VHS copy and lost it , and bought this DVD to replace it . Boy , was I disappointed . Everyone else has pointed out the problems -- crappy quality , poor menu options , etc. . But , if you 've never seen the movie before , and the DVD is your only option , I would recommend overlooking the problems with quality just to see the movie .
 I bought this dvd with some trepidation , due mostly to some of the unfavorable reviews . I had seen this movie years ago in the theatres , and later owened a VHS tape . I wanted to replace the very old tape with a good dvd recording . I was not dissappointed with this one at all . I would qualify this dvd as excellent . The picture quality is excellent , as is the color , which is lovely . The animation artwork is beautiful . The entire movie is here , nothing is cut out . The sound was fine . Let me qualify this ; the sound of the movie was fine . But the singing voices of the characters in the film are terrible . The makers really should have dubbed in the voices of professional singers when this movie was made , or even when the dvd was recorded . The songs are good , and involve and move the story along , but the singing makes you want to reach for the mute button . The actors have good speaking voices , the dialog is clear and emotive , but they simply do not have anything resembling singing talent . They needed two actors for each character ; one to do the talking , and one the singing . That would have made this a much better movie . On the other side of the spectrum is the theme song , `` The Last Unicorn '' as well as background songs `` Walking Man 's Road and `` In the Sea '' are all performed -LRB- I believe -RRB- by the group America , and they are all wonderful . These songs are well worth hearing , the music , singing and lyrics all very beautiful . All considered , I felt this dvd well worth buying , watching and keeping for my permanent collection .
 The presentation -LRB- picture and sound -RRB- are excellent . The edits mentioned are very annoying -LRB- and not edited out of the earlier DVD edition -RRB- but the widescreen presentation is much nicer to watch . The extra features are somewhat interesting but do not reveal anything very interesting about the movie itself -LRB- story-writing , making of , casting , etc. -RRB- . Worth getting , but I am also keeping my earlier DVD for posterity .
 My little girl and I both really liked this DVD , especially the enhanced 5.1 sound and cleaned up video transfer.Really , my only gripe with this edition is the small edits that remove a couple of uses of the words `` damn '' and `` hell , '' that I recall were used in the older versions.As far as price , order accuracy , speed of delivery , and payment and shipping accuracy , I can not complain at all.I ordered online on a Saturday afternoon , and it was waiting for me before the following Friday .
 Mr. Kirby Staples ' facts are incorrect , Artisan Entertainment was the company responsible for the sub-par DVD release of The Last Unicorn -LRB- please look at the DVD case -RRB- , I know this because I own the DVD . Lions Gate has recently picked up Artisan 's catalog and released excellent editions of films that had been poorly released by Artisan , namely Reservoir Dogs -LRB- gasoline can edition -RRB- and The Doors 15th Anniversary edition . The Anamorphic transfers have been beautiful on both films , as well as supplying plenty of extras and I expect The Last Unicorn to be just as excellent . Lions Gate is correcting the poor treatment that Artisan showed these films initially , in the future , please show credit where credit is due .
 The Last Unicorn is a flick I like , along with its songs . I also liked many of the statements , like , `` There are no happy endings , because nothing ends . '' And I was absolutely AMAZED at Christopher Lee 's performance ! Such vibrancy ! He 's old in the Star Wars and LOTR flicks , and I did n't know it because I had never seen -LRB- or in this case , heard -RRB- him in earlier years . Totally stunning , you should see it for Lee 's dialogue alone ! -LRB- He 's King Haggard . -RRB- As for the elements some might not like
 A film that never garnered the attention that it should , `` The Last Unicorn '' features a most illustrous cast in a finely-crafted tale of the search to find oneself . Mia Farrow is outstanding as the voice of the unicorn who experiences what it is like to be human . Jeff Bridges , as her human suitor , is his usual reliable self . He also does n't do a bad vocal in his duet with Farrow 's unicorn . Adam Arkin is good as a slightly `` off-centered '' butterfly!The `` bad '' guys in the form of King Haggard and Mommy Fortuna are performed by the always fantastic Christopher Lee and Angela Lansbury , respectively . Their years on the screen and stage are used most effectively in their interpretation of the characters.The animation , though not up to Disney standards , does have its moments . The escape of the harpy eagle from her cage is truly a frightening scene . The emergence of the Red Bull and its assault on the unicorn is a nail-biter . And the release of the trapped unicorns at the film 's end is stunning.The songs , many performed by rock group America and penned by Jimmy Webb , will not last in the memory , but are still enjoyable within the context of the film.This is a good family film , but I would not recommend it for the under-7 set . The intensity of some scenes as well as the subject matter may be a little too `` mature '' for them to grasp.Even though it has almost been two decades since I saw it , `` The Last Unicorn '' still left a positive impression on me .
 My 4 year old grand daughter wanted a Magical , Talking Unicorn for Christmas . So I explained to her that once they left their magical land they became stuffed animals and could no longer do magic or talk . I remembered seeing this movie with my daughter so I wrapped it up with the unicorn stuff animal i purchased and she loved it
 This movie was my favorite as a kid and I still love it . I purchased two for gifts . They arrived on time and in perfect condition . They do n't make movies like this anymore . I highly recommend .
 i have been watching this movie since i was a little girl and it never gets old to me . there is something about this movie that is so beautiful both in the artistry of the animation and the story itself that i am captivated by even 25 years after seeing it for the first time , there are themes that are quite mature , the characters rich and complex , and can be a very deep movie if you so wish to view it that way . this is my all time favorite movie EVER !!
 I love this movie and my kids love this movie . Get the Kenny Loggins Return to Pooh Corner cd to go with it so you have the Last Unicorn theme on CD .
 The Last Unicorn , a 1982 animated movie featuring the voices of Jeff Bridges , Mia Farrow and Angela Lansbury , is a wonder of gorgeous , luxurious animation and masterful fantasy storytelling using some of the purer elements from the Fantasy genre.When the Unicorn overhears huntsmen in her wood mention that she may be the last of all unicorns , she sets off on a journey to discover the truth . Along the way , she meets a bumbling magician , a strong-willed and opinionated cook , a crazed king with a castle full of crumbling secrets , and a would-be lover who is naive to a fault . Minor characters such as an amorous tree , a one-eyed , peg-legged cat and a drunken skeleton add a delightful element of humor into a story that can often veer into dark and despondent territory.As the story draws to a close , the characters and pieces of the Unicorn 's story begin to weave themselves together , leading to an ending that will both fascinate you-and give the Last Unicorn a permanent home in your collection of must-watch movies .
 Just as I remembered it as a kid . Now my little ones enjoy the movie too . Quality and sound are good , no problems .
 The Last Unicorn is and always will be one of the greatest animated films of all time . The character journey is one of a kind and is a must see for all who have not been introduced .
 Was ordered for my granddaughters , and was not what they expected . Was a little scary for her and her sister . The product itself was good and recieving it was all good and the person selling it was fair and shipped promptly .
 I love the drawn animation style of this movie ! Made me remember my childhood watching `` Flight of the Dragons '' . I bought this for my daughter , who is 3 , because she adores unicorns . She was intrigued by it at first , but lost interest after about a half an hour . The movie sort of slows down at that point . For an adult the movie is great though ! I really enjoyed it : -RRB-
 The Last Unicorn is a fairy tale in the best sense of the term -- an exploration of archetypes of human existence . Featuring the voices of such talents as Angela Landsbury and Mia Farro , this film takes you on a journey `` to find others like me . '' It is a tale of innocence lost and found , of the metaphysical realities of truth and self . Deep and rich , it reveals more -- and raised more questions -- with each viewing . Children will love the amusing characters . Adults will love the underlying story , and dialogue that leaves you laughing because it captures a truth you 'd perhaps never thought of . `` No cat out of its first fur was ever decieved by appearances , unlike human beings , who seem to enjoy it . '' The songs , flawlessly provided by America , underscore and deepen the threads of immortality , pain , and redemption . This is one movie for everyone .
 I loved this magical movie as a child and now I have introduced my children to it and they love it as much as I do . It is what you would expect from Rankin and Bass the ones who gave us Frosty the Snowman , Frosty 's Winter Wonderland , Rudolph , and many more . I highly recommend this movie to anyone with children especially girls who love horses and unicorn and anyone who is a child at heart and still believe in unicorns .
 This is a truly remarkable story with a truly wonderful cast ! Rankin and Bass have always done wonderful work and this is one their best . If you are among the young and like your animation updated -- you will be disappointed . If the animation is all that you 're interested in , the story wo n't move you anyway ! It is just lovely ! I 've watched it many times !
 The Last Unicorn , released in 1982 , was drawn from the novel by Peter S. Beagle . I believe considerable license was taken . This movie I saw as a little boy in the 80 's long before DVD when there was only VHS . VHS . What 's that some younger kids would say today . At the time , made this movie very life-like and a bit scary , especially the scenes of the Red Bull . This animated movie uses early techniques of Japanese anime as Japanese animators had to do with the making of the film . It 's a fantasy epic with an easy to follow plot but a bit slowed down by musical sequences - the Butterfly with the Elton John glasses and even Mia Farrow gets to sing although her singing voice is not going to win a Grammy.Mia Farrow stars as the voice of the Unicorn . She starts off on a quest to find out what happened to the other unicorns since she has been told she is the last unicorn . On her way , she encounters a witch -LRB- played by Angela Landsbury in a performance far from Mrs. Potts in Beauty and the Beast -RRB- who showcases her in a traveling circus show . She pairs up with the amateur wizard Schmendrick -LRB- Alan Arkin -RRB- and aging village woman Molly on a discovery trip further into the magical land . The truth is finally revealed when the hellish Red Bull tries to take the Unicorn away . The unicorn is temporarily transformed into the Princess Amalthea . Prince Lear -LRB- Jeff Bridges -RRB- falls in love with her , much to the disapproval of his father the old and dismal King Haggard -LRB- played superbly by Christopher Lee of the Dracula films and the recent Star Wars
 I can honestly say this is one of my favorite movies ever . I love the story and the animation -LRB- it 's beautiful ! -RRB- and the characters . It is a lovely film of a lovely book .
 I remember watching this on Cable TV when my youngest son was little . Now that I have grandchildren , I so wanted to have this again . Well , I finally got it on DVD and my grandchildren love it as much as their uncle did . The animation is beautiful ... the voices are fabulous ... if you have someone who loves unicorns , this is a must see !
 I beleive it has been said over and over , `` this movie has changed my life . '' And never before have more truer words been spoken . Only once in awhile does something change the lives of so many , or remain stuck in your mind for so many year . Rarley does a movie envoke such emotion , or remain deep in your heart and thoughts as long as this movie has . The Last Unicorn has changed a generation . With the book 's release so long ago , with the origional animated picture , with the new motion film about to be released , and now with the DVD , the Last Unicorn is about to change even more souls.From the first chords of music , to the last word spoken , the film is a rush of utter emotion , and nostalgic love that has stricken so many.If you believe in love , and hope , this is for you ... and in most cases , this is a movie for everyone .
 I have loved this movie since my mother first brougt it home form the video rental store -LRB- in the original cover -RRB- and rented it many times over . I about droped dead when I found out that they are making a live action movie set for relase this December production stared in Aug. 03 !!!! ... This is a wonderful movie that IS a classic !
 THE LAST UNICORN was one of the first movies that I remember watching , and I have read the book more times than I can count . All children dream of unicorns and other magical beings . In this movie/book , that dream can become a reality for a young child , and the magic never fades . THE LAST UNICORN is a true classic .
 This so brings me back to my childhood , I ca n't wait to be able to share it with my children .
 My kids absolutely love this movie , as i did as a child .
 My older sister and I use to love watching this movie together when we were younger . Its defiantly old , no question about once you start watching it but it 's that aged innocence that this movie and the feel of it captures . It makes me cry , I admit but it 's that good and it takes me back to times that I spent with my sister.This is one that could not and SHOULD not ever be remade . Its perfect the way it is and should n't be touched .
 There are certain movies I saw as a child that I would want my children to see , and this is definitely one of them . I still watch it for myself , sometimes , too !
 Though I am now Fifteen , I have to say I stilled enjoyed a recent view of this movie . Though it is a cartoon , it still has a beautiful , almost realistic quality that we can hardly even hope to find today.I wo n't spend all afternoon gushing , and in fact , I was almost a little disappointed that very little restoration work had been done in making it more clear and less tinny.However , the DVD release is nice -LRB- though there are no special features -RRB- and this is truly an excellent movie for the kids.This is the kind of movie you are going to love and remember when people can hardly recall sponge bob squarepants even existed -LRB- may that day come soon ! -RRB- Definitely worth watching . Ten stars all around !
 I had to watch the Last Unicorn for school and boy , I must say it was great ! I 'm not really into cartoons much , you know , except for the Disney classics , but when I watched this , it was auesome . It 's and enchanting story about a unicorn on a quest to find all the other unicorns in the world , but as she soon finds out she will embark on a long , fabulous journey which will teach her many things . This is a light-hearted movie and is well worth the time to watch it . The characters , as well as the plot are great ! Schmendrick the Magician is my favorite character as well as the Lady Amalthia . This great , fabulous , light-hearted movie , of which I would give five stars , is by far a classic !
 This movie was a childhood favorite of mine ! I loved the animation and story back then - even more today ! The beauty and enchantment of it takes you into a wondrous and mythical world.This is a great buy and a wonderful memory to have and share with future generations . I can NOT wait to own it on dvd.Enjoy !
 I saw this movie when I was young , and never forgot it ! Even though I 'm not a big fan of animated movies , the storyline , music and lessons of this visually-enchanted movie makes for one excellent tale!Unicorn lovers and Fantasy Movie lovers , see this one if you have n't already !
 I first bought this movie for my daughters , but have pulled it from their library due the profanity in a few spots . Frankly , I do n't want my 3-year-old daughter repeating the phrases , `` Damn you '' and `` Where in the hell . . ? '' Since when does a children 's movie include such language ?? If there was a version released without those words , I would buy it for sure . As it is , they wo n't be watching this again until they 're old enough to understand what 's inappropriate to repeat .
 To this day , I still remember watching The Last Unicorn . Why ? I was only about 5 years old and it haunts me to this day . PLEASE . If you love your kids , do n't let them watch this unless they 're at least 10 years old and unimpressionable . I had nightmares from this show for months . If you 're older , this is a great show . It 's refreshinng and different . Now that I 'm older , I love it , but I will NOT show it to my children . Really , it should be rated PG10 or something . Way too scary for little kids in the G category .
 One of the best cartoon movies of the 80s . If you have a child or want to go back to your days as a child , then this wonderful cartoon will bring back those golden moments . Also , if your pagan , this is one of the better movies on the list ! ... Highly recommended !
 It a good movie , with a good plot . The characters were good and well drawn . the only problem was the singing , now the songs were good . But they got people who thought they could sing who could n't . But other then that a good buy .
 I have n't watched this DVD yet because it 's a present for someone , but it arrived sooner than expected and the DVD is in priginal packaging so it should be perfect . : -RRB-
 I liked this movie and watch it , but do n't assume it 's appropriate for young children just because it 's animated . The subject of this movie is very dark and there are some scenes which would upset some young ones . I think maybe middle school age would be fine for watching this .
 Love this DVD . Had is on video tape and could not be without it . One of my all time favorites .
 This movie is such a wonderful accomplishment . The music is fantastic -LRB- America from the 70 's . . remember ? -RRB- and the script keeps so true to the original text -LRB- which really pleased me ! -RRB- . The casting is great ... Angela Lansbury does such a fantastic job as Mommy Fortuna . I ca n't imagine you would be disappointed in this movie , not only because it 's great for the whole family , but because it is so true to the book . I dislike when a writers work is changed for the sake of the movie , and although I must admit I am only 3/4 done with the book , so far , so good ! Give this one a try . Great for the entire family . I ca n't imagine that even the Red Bull would be too frightening for most small children .
 Great job by the seller ! Package arrived as described and professionally wrapped . The DVD was in perfect working order with no flaws ! Would definitely order again from this seller !
 Maybe I adore this movie because I blame it for starting my lifelong obsession with horses -LRB- yes I realize our heroine is a unicorn and not a horse , but you catch my drift -RRB- which ironically happened when I was old enough to stick my old VHS version of this movie into the VCR . Anyway , I 'm a big girl now , but the part of the movie where she is so sadly stripped of her unicorn self is still the tear jerking moment for me . I know my review is kinda worthless , but that 's what it is for me .
 An all-star animated film with a wonderful and captivating story for the whole family . Piece of trivia
 This was the first movie I remember watching as a child and both the film and the book remain my all time favorites . I loved the soundtrack , the animation and the characters . I remember naming my first stuffed unicorn `` Amalthea '' after this film.I saw this DVD on sale at the grocery store and snatched it up , eagerly waiting for the day that my daughter would be old enough to enjoy it.It sat in the box for close to a year . While at an endurance ride , it began to rain and my student and I ran home to get this DVD to watch on her mom 's laptop in the camper . All of us visibly cringed when we watched the bad redubbing of the same butterfly scene over and over again as he continued to ramble -- horrible editing ! `` Now THat I 'm A Woman '' should have been left out , or at least grafted more smoothly into existing footage . Several scenes , such as when Amalthea looks at her reflection and unicorn paintings and the scene where she and King Haggard converse on the parapet are ruined by bad dubbing and editing . I 've seen community college broadcasting students do better editing jobs.However , there are a few scenes that are somewhat interesting . One where Schmendrick overhears Lir calling him `` that ridiculous magician '' and the Midgard serpent in the carnival.Story is excellent , characters are truly unique , soundtrack is emotionally charged -LRB- I often cry -RRB- but there needs to be a `` cleaned up '' DVD release . I would also love to hear commentary from Peter Beagle and the cast and crew .
 We had to buy `` The Last Unicorn '' DVD because our VHS tape was worn out through years of use . This movie is one that my wife has always liked and wanted our children to enjoy as well . We watch it together at least twice a year now that the kids are older , but it is still one that either kid might watch on their own more often.The story is great , the animation is OK , and the DVD transfer is barely acceptable . That being said , this is a very worthwhile movie.Recommended !
 I have always loved this movie and the DVD is worth the wait.A little word of warning though , this is a `` Full-screen edition '' not widescreen.Ultimately all I can say , If you like this movie it is worth buying it .
 I first saw this movie on my 12th birthday in a dank theatre in the Bronx with friends . I remember laughing , crying and at times being a little afraid , but I left that theatre with all the wonders of the world in my heart.This movie is great for kids , but not because it 's a kids movie . It tells the truth about life and our world , with a beautiful unicorn , a marginal magician , and a sad peasant woman , each who are a part of every one of us.I still own the movie and have read the book which the movie stuck very close to . I will love this movie until I am dust .
 I have seen this movie countless times since I was a little girl , and it has never ceased to amaze me . I have also read the book , and the movie follows it quite well . The music is spectacular , and sends chills down my spine every time I hear it . It is the story of a unicorn who is in search of the other unicorns , to find out what happened to them . Along the way she encounters both friends and enemies , and disguises herself as human to get past the Red Bull and free the other unicorns . it is an enchanting tale , one both children and adults are sure to fall in love with ! I never get tired of it !
 Those unaccustomed to anime may find the style unfamiliar and odd at first - but trust me , this is a well-crafted piece of art and a wonderful story . I have never seen unicorns as hauntingly beautiful as are represented here . Similar in tone to the Princess Bride , it is a humorous , lovingly told tale of adventure , loss , and a quest for the things most important in life -LRB- whatever that may be for you . -RRB- I * highly * recommend this film - buy it for your `` kids '' if you need an excuse ; - -RRB-
 Just wanted to say that I love this movie . It 's a wonderful show with great music . Unfortunatly , this version of movie has been recorded terribly . The music has been recored louder than the voice track , so half the time you ca n't hear what they are saying . I know it 's this particular copy because I 've bought 3 copies from 3 differant places and they are all the same -LRB- loud music/quiet voice track -RRB- . The earilier copies are better . Just so everyone knows .
 I watched this movie a million times when I was a kid and I cried every time . Now I 'm 20 and am dying to see it again . It 's been maybe 7 or 8 years since I have seen this movie and it still stays fresh in my mind ... Disney could never top this film . . NEVER ! I highly recommend , whether you are a child or an adult . . this is THE cartoon to own ! : -RRB-
 When I first saw `` THE LAST UNICORN '' , at 7 , I loved itand still at 21 I still love it . I 've been trying to find this forthe longest time because I have watched my TV copy so much I 've worn it out ! When I have kids I hope they enjoy it as much as I do . END
 This is a wonderful children 's movie , but there are a few parts that can be a bit scary . Love it !
 I hate unicorns . I hate the color pastel pink . They both feature prominently in this movie , and I I love them here . This is a wonderful allegory for girls who must grow up or for those who already have . It 's romantic , but with a great indictment of show business , man 's road , and those who rule over barren lands ... Every woman ought to enjoy this . Fight the red bull !
 Growing up in the 1st through the 8th grade I watched this movie through a school summer program every year . I have always loved it.This story is a wonderful fable about the search for happiness . An evil king eternally searches for happiness in the Unicorn . The gallant knight searches for happiness in `` The Lady Amalphia . '' The wizard `` Smendrick '' searches for happiness in magic . Molly Grue searches for happiness in legends . But story asks the question of when are people truly happy -- but I wo n't ruin the story . The ending is the best part of the whole story.The movie was a wonderful adaptation of the book , but I say to anyone who likes this movie -- read the book and get the FULL story .
 when you are ordering the movie during your waiting time order the book . It 's wonderful . I watched the movie as a kid love it . Now I 'm reading the book it 's very well writen . The movie also had the athor write it . He ether wrote the whole thing or put cowrote it all . you wo n't regreat having both of them .
 I have been in prison for eleven years and still am currently incarcerated . The only thing that has helped me serve my sentence is my recollection this movie . I replay it over and over again in my head . It gives me a great peace . I think children and adults alike can find something special about this movie . When I get out of jail in July , I will buy a copy right away . I am glad it 's on DVD .
 This has been my favorite movie for as long as I can remember . The story , the animation , everything about this is beautiful . I wish they still made movies like this.This is about a Unicorn who hears rumor that she is the last of her kind . She leaves her forest on a journey to find the others , or to discover what happened to them . On the way she befriends some mortals , Schmedrick the Magician , and Molly Grue , who join her on her quest.This follows the book pretty closely , although this is tad bit happier . The only thing I could have done without was Lady Almalthea and Prince Lirs singing -- could n't they have had someone else do the singing ? It 's ok in a nails-on-the-blackboard kinda way . And it does n't detract from the movie at all.In short , this is a wonderful story for both young and old , or anyone looking for a little magic .
 Ever sinse i watched The Last Unicorn in primary school , i 've been searching EVERYWHERE to find it . There was an option for my class , to either visit a gladiator and get an autograph , or stay and watch this video called the last unicorn . I stayed , and i 've never regretted it . There was only about 8 of us , and as soon as it started we were fasinated by it . I can only vagualy -LSB- ca n't spell -RSB- remember parts , but the rest of the class came in about 20 minutes before the end , and guess what ? We were n't allowed to watch the rest . The bull completely hypnotised me ! I love fantasy and scary things and the bull terrified me ! I can remember a tower with a clock , and a red kind of airy bull along with cages and an eagle , but that 's all .
 The Last Unicorn movie is the best movie ever . THIS MOVIE HAS ADVENTURE , AND DANGER . This movie is the best one you 'll ever see!A must have for unicorn lovers :-RRB- This movie was a christmas present for me from my Daddy , and it was almost impossible to find , and my Mommy got me the book to read , so I COULD READ IT AT SCHOOL . THIS IS A MOVIE YOU 'LL NEVER FORGET .
 this was the # 1 birthday party video when I was little . I loved this movie , even though it sort of scared me at times.the animation is really special and the story is one of a kind .
 Let me start off by saying that this movie is trully magnificent . The first time I watched it I had to watch it again because I loved it so much . I would recommend this movie to people of all ages . Anyone who says that it 's not appropriate for children is wrong and should reconsider lettong their children watching it . So hurry up if you have n't seen and watch as soon as you can .
 A very touching story of a magical creature knowing the insanity of human emotions , including regret . The best adaptation of a novel to book that I have seen .
 I have seen this movie over 100 times and I really believe it is one of the greatest films of our time . I loved it as a kid and I do n't know that I fully understood it , because now as an adult I appreciate the heart that goes into this film . It is a beautiful love/life story about being true to who you are . I cry almost every time I watch this , it is definetly worth buying .
 The Last Unicron continues to be a beautiful and magical movie . Loved it as child , simply because I loved unicrons . Last week I toke the risk of buying the DVD after reading the other reviews of poor quality . I was not disapointed , keeping in mind that the movie is almost 20 years old and cinamatography then was not what it is today . Anyone who loves the story of The Last Unicorn will not be disappointed .
 It ranks right up there with Legend , Labyrinth , and Sleeping Beauty as all time best movies . It 's scary , beautiful , and breathtaking .
 This movie is one of my all time favorites . I artwork in it is truly amazing ! I have never read the book , so I do n't know how close it is to the book 's story line . However , I have to say that even if this is nothing like the book , it is still unbelievable . I love the detail and the depth they go into the characters . I also love who ever does the voice for the unicorn . My favorite part is the ending , with the end song . It was so beautiful ! I nearly cried . I hope everyone gets a chance to see this movie !
 Absolutely great film . I watched this as a small child and loved it . Through the years I was growing up I lost the title of it but still vividly recalled the scenes . Now as an adult I finally got a chance to see it again and can safely say that it is more satsifying to me than it was as a child . A must see !
 I remember seeing this when I was younger on the TV , liking it , but not thinking of it much . What I remember most was the music and the beautiful art of the animation . Years later , I saw this on Amazon.com , looking around . I remembered it and knew my 4 year old daughter liked `` fantasy '' type things , -LRB- mermaids and faries -RRB- . So I purchased this thinking she 'd like it.Was I ever wrong ... . SHE LOVED IT ! I also found that I knew the voices of the actors -LRB- Jeff Bridges , Mia Farrow , and MANY more -RRB- that I did not appreciate when I was younger . I think I found more enjoyment of the film now that I 'm in my mid 30 's , with my daughter , than when I was younger.A true classic anamated tale with a great story plot , fabulous soundtrack with haunting melodies , historic vocal talents and an all around `` KEEPER '' . My question is . . WHEN CAN I GET IT ON DVD ???!!!???!!! I 'll be first in line ! -LRB- My daughter will be second I 'm sure ! -RRB- ENJOY ! : - -RRB-
 I am VERY HAPPY with this purchase . The item shipped within a decent amount of time and was in excellent condition . To top it off , the price was very reasonable !
 I love the movie ; this is one of the best movies ever made imo . I watched it all the time as a kid and even as an adult , I enjoy it . I watch it with my kids and it 's a favorite for our whole family
 The last unicorn is a favorite when i was a kid ... this movie got an great story with superb graphics ... really good animation , really recommend this unicorn ...
 This was one of my favorite movies as a kid and finally being able to find and buy the remastered DVD was so exciting . I was aware of the edit of Molly Grue 's first speech with the unicorn when in the original she said `` Damn You ! '' to the unicorn but in this edition that was cut out . I miss the originality of that but the great story line and amazing voices and music more than make up for it . This movie still shines and sparks something special in my heart . 5 stars !
 I remember this movie as a kid , and I always wanted to buy it but could n't justify the 20-25 dollar price on it in the stores . When I saw Amazon had it for so cheap I jumped on it . The movie is a little more slower then I remember but I still loved it , I the 25th anniversary version and the quality was fine and the movie was not censored . It 's deeper tale and beautiful animation was still captivating and it was a great change of pace from the digital garbage they 're churning out left and right anymore .
 Great quality DVD at a great price & it arrived before the expected due date . The plastic case -LRB- with original artwork -RRB- was in excellent condition altho it could have been cleaner around the opening mechanism . -LRB- A little alcohol & a q-tip took care of the problem -RRB- . I would buy from this seller again .
 It was great finding this movie on Amazon for such a low price . The movie brings back fond memories of childhood - I remember loving it when I was a kid , watching it with my siblings -LRB- and no , it is n't just for little girls even though this 25th Anniversary packaging is very ` girly ' -RRB- . There is a unicorn , the last unicorn , who , on a desperate search for others like her , meets a quirky magician , and the two embark upon an epic adventure to a king 's castle to search for the Red Bull and the whereabouts of the unicorns . The story unfolds with the addition of several notable characters , including Mommy Fortuna -LRB- a crazy witch -RRB- and Molly -LRB- who 's first encounter with the last unicorn is emotionally gripping - even for an animated film -RRB- . The movie is enjoyable of course for the young ones of all ages , but adults will like it too . I was surprised I still like this movie as much as I did when I was a kid.As for the 25th Anniversary dvd , there is a photo collection -LRB- of various renditions of the story , including jacket covers , etc. -RRB- , there is also a lot about the author , and a trivia game for kids . Nothing too noteworthy in terms of special features , but the movie itself is great !
 this movie was perfect and shipped fast i tell every one i know to buy it and it was cheapper then buying it at f.y.e
 I bought this item for my great-granddaughter and she is so happy with it . Now she does n't have to rent it each week . The trans-action went very smoothly . It arrived in a very quick time . I would do business with this person again .
 Last Unicorn is rated G but this is possibly a mistake . I would rate it PG due to -LRB- are you ready for this ?! -RRB- minor cussing , sexual innuendo , and minor nudity . Minor as in little , not age . Possibly the first adult cartoon ever made although tame in comparison to Japanese anime ' . Some violence , occult imagery , and images which may be too disturbing for kids under 5 years old would be how to describe this . Rated G ?! Did they actually watch it to rate it ?! Rated PG . Take it from me . I like the movie but rated G is inaccurate . PG .
 I would like to know if all the `` swear words '' are edited out because I might just stick to the VHS version I have . It 's not because I like swear words it 's just when I know another word should be there I do n't like to hear something else.It 's a great movie . I watched it over and over when I was little , and would like to stay that way . The cover art is more appealing also . It is no longer disproportioned drawings of beautiful ones .
 oh my gosh ! it is the most coolest movie ever . it is so good it should get ELEVEN stars ! ELEVEN ! five stars arent even close to showing how i feel about the last unicorn ! i could rant on and on , but you are getting tired of me , are n't you ?
 THE LAST UNICORN IS ONE OF MY FAVORITE MOVIES , ITS GOT -LSB- PRETTY -RSB- GOOD CASTING , AND I LIKED -LSB- MOST OF -RSB- THE SONGS BUT IN THE SONG `` NOW THAT IM A WOMAN '' MIA FARROW -LSB- THE VOICE OF THE UNICORN -RSB- HIT A COUPLE BAD NOTES , BUT OTHER THEN THAT IT WAS A GREAT MOVIE SO I RECOMMEND IT TO EVERY ONE CHILDREN AND ADULTS ALIKE .
 THIS IS A PRETTY GOOD MOVIE . I CAN TELL THAT IT WAS MADE A WHILE AGO . ANOTHER MASTERPIECE BY ONE OF THE WORLD 'S BEST ANIMATORS . THIS MOVIE IS ACTUALLY GOOD THE ACTORS ARE GOOD ALSO I REALLY DID ENJOY THIS MOVIE IT IS A MUST HAVE FOR KIDS !!!!
 I saw `` The Last Unicorn '' as a child back in the 80 's when it first debuted in theatres.I have seen the VHS version , but NOT the DVD version . I disagree with those arguing for a widescreen version because of the black bars . A better compromise might be to have the studio release BOTH versions on one single DVD.Regarding , the film , it 's a cute movie about a unicorn , who discovers that there 's no one else like her , so she goes on a journey full of surprises and discovers what happened to the rest of her species.The only negative with the movie is the profanity and some of the scenes were disturbing , which I would definitely consider to be inappropriate for children . Hence , the rating needs to be changed to -LRB- R -RRB- and should only be viewed by adults , who are not as disturbed by the profanity and some of the inappropriate scenes.To review , only buy this DVD if you 're 18 and above and do n't mind profanity nor inappropriate scenes in some of the film.Otherwise , it 's an excellent film because the artwork is mesmerizing and beautiful and the theme is definitely magical.I would suggest that the studios re-release this on DVD ; however , edit the profanity and the inappropriate scenes ; thereby , making it more suitable for young children to see .
 I got this DVD at a great price , and it had n't ever even been opened from it 's original shrink wrap ! What a deal !
 This is a fantastic movie and is n't your typical roses-and-love `` cartoon . '' It is a well-thought and wonderful animated film.I actually have a copy of the German DVD that I 've seen several times -LRB- both in English and German -RRB- and I 've fallen in love all over again with this movie . Ca n't wait to see the american DVD of it to see it on something larger than my computer screen .
 I watched this at least a dozen times when I was a kid and I could never get past the beauty and wonder of this movie . I have been waiting 15 years for the DVD .
 I 'm gon na start off by saying `` It 's not for Kids '' ! This movie while really good is kinda scary . It was done by the same animators who did the animated version of THE HOBBIT and THE RETURN OF THE KING . I think a lot of parents during the late 70 's and early 80 's made the mistake of thinking that these films were designed for young children and nothing is farther from the truth . That being said its a haunting film the harpie will scare you but all in all a great film for fantasy lovers . Look at it this way animation was a way to get around the special effects problem .
 I have loved this movie since I was a little girl , and it is still my favorite movie . I would really like to see it come out on DVD before my VHS copy wears out .
 OH MY GOSH ! This is one of the best movies ever ! I used to rent it when I was little , and am so happy to have found it again ! I ca n't say enough about this movie ! Every one will love this movie ! Buy it and watch it over and over again . It never gets old !
 I did n't realise it was so old and have only seen twice but it is definitely a favourite.The mythical creatures such as the harpie and the mythical fairytales such as unicorns visiting maiden virgins is all accurate in the film.It 's a great story of love , sorrow , fear and courage . I reccomend this to anyone who has a love for fantasy .
 Ever since I could remember , The Last Unicorn had lightened up my world into another . I first watched this movie around the age of 5 . I still remember watching it in wonder and thinking how pretty the unicorn is . * Has always been thrilled about them * Now that i 'm an adult , I still what the movie and highly recommend it to anyone who loves fastesies , drama , and romance.Watch it ! I know you 'll love it !
 I 've had this movie ever since I can remember ... although i do n't remeber where I got it!I 've watched it at least 20 and i never can get tired of it!When I first saw it , it scared me -LRB- but that 's probally beacause I was 3 or 4 -RRB- . The witch is creepy , the bulls horrofying -LRB- sp ? -RRB- , the man who wants to get rid of all the ... wait a second ... I 'm gon na probally end up giving away the ending!I better not continue ... anyway , I do n't LIKE this movie ... I LOVE it!It 's great!That 's why i think you should buy it !
 I first watched The Last Unicorn when I was about four or five years old . It was on television around Christmastime and , by some chance , I got my parents to vidio tape it . I remember watching this many times , and it was definetly a favouruite . I remember thinking little of the occasional swearing and mild violence -LRB- although I did get scared when the skull got drunk and started yelling that Amalthia was a Unicorn -RRB- . Now it is five years later and I am currently reading the book for the first time . It and the movie are both equally magical , thanks to the original author -LRB- I forgot his name -RRB- wrote the script.The movie is truely magical and , while clearly not aimed at kids , was perfect for me .
 Since I can remember I have been collecting Unicorns all my life . When this film came out I HAD to go sit in the front row in the movie theatre . -LRB- At 10 years old I did n't care about my neck -RRB- When the movie first came out on Showtime , I had to record it . I wore out that video out so bad that the actual tape inside worn thin , it broke . I have replaced this 2 times already . Now at the age of 30 , I still watch it , and now I can enjoy it even more as my daughter is mezmerized by it too . The Last Unicorn is 5 stars on my list ALWAYS !
 this is one of the best Fantasies of all time . the characters are neat such as Schmendrick the Magician -LRB- a Not too bright moron of a Wizard -RRB- , Unicorn -LRB- a fabulous creature -RRB- , King Haggard -LRB- one ugly son of a you know what -RRB- , Lady Almatheia -LRB- one Hubba Hubba Girl -RRB- , and Molly Grue -LRB- so dirty that she looks like she never took a Bath -RRB- . it 's entertaining , wonderful , and got some good songs to go with this , i would recommend this movie to you if you like 80 's fantasies with Sword in the Stone .
 The last unicorn is a tale about the only unicorn left in the world . She wants to find her kind . But She journeys with two human companions . There might be mild cursing . But this film is a classic . A memory that should be created or explored again .
 This is an awesome movie for young children and for those who are children at heart . It tells a story of the last unicorn , and the journey that she travels and the people she meets . You follow her as she goes through a few changes , and solves the mystery of why she 's the last unicorn . Will she remain to be the last unicorn ? Watch it and find out !
 When I was little , I loved this movie . Everything about it was wonderful , from the animation to the music to the story ... everything.Unfortunately , I grew up . Now my affections rest much more on the book , but I still love this movie , despite its flaws . It 's definitely worth watching again , and especially worth introducing to children who will love it as much as I did .
 i watched this movie as a kid on vhs . the tape actually was around since before i was born and held up even through my younger brother who is 6 years younger than me.but now the tape is long gone , and even if we did still have it , we do n't have a tape player anymore , so therefore i was really excited to see this video out on dvd.The first place I saw the dvd was at blockbuster video , and they wanted 25 for it . i was so excited just to see it , i would have bought it right then and there . however i did not have the cash on me at the time , hehe my luck ... but then i got home and found it on dvd for only 9.44 , talk about luck!now i have it to enjoy for as long as my dvd player lives , and you can bet that when dvds are no more , i will buy the next system and disk or whatever so that i will never have to go again without my favorite movie of all time !
 I purchased this DVD because my own children loved it when they were small . Now they watch it with their children . Some parts are a little frightening for young children , but they all love the unicorn .
 I love this movie . I loved it when I was little , and I still love it . I remember always having my parents rent it for me when we went to the video store , and then taping it off TV for me . You can imagine how devastated I was when some accidently taped over it.I knew when I started collecting DVDs that I simply had to have this movie on DVD , but alas It had not been released . Until now . I got positively giddy when heard it was going to be released on DVD . Waves of nostalgia hit me . I pictured various scenes from the movie and all those childhood senses hit me
 This movie was one of my all time favs when I was a little girl any one who has a little boy or girl it apeases both very well with a unicorn for the little girls and a big red bull and sorcerers for the boys .
 There is hardly anything wrong with this film . The only bad part is the living tree that looks like it was stolen from The Point .
 I 'm only 14 and I saw this movie about 4 years ago and I have seen some parts of it recently and i just adore it !!! Even the parts I have seen recently scare me though ! Personally , i dont know how it got rated G , i think it should be pg-13 or pg !!! i was terrified !! I love movies and I can handle a lot of scary things but this was very scary for a childrens movie ! It 's a beatuful tale of a unicorn -LRB- dont we all wish they existed -RRB- :-RRB- and her journeys to see if she is the last one ! the story behind it all is frightening but definetley worth it !
 Okay , LOVE the film . I must say , that the reviews I read were commenting on the DVD setup of the OTHER DVD version that has been released ... not the 25th anniversary DVD that they are commenting on and you are about to purchase . That being said , the DVD IS widescreen and DOES have extra features and the image is CRYSTAL CLEAR almost taking away from that grainy feel that I love . Though cheezy music runs through the extra features , they are worth listening to and watching if you have interest in the film and the writer.The one thing I HATE , hate , HATE about BOTH DVD versions though -LRB- and this is coming from a Last Unicorn film connoisseur , those of you who are n't in love with the original wo n't even notice -RRB- is that they CUT OUT Molly Gru 's tormented `` Damn You ! '' to the unicorn !!!!! -LRB- This is during the `` How dare you '' scene for those of you who do n't know . -RRB- This ticks me off beyond belief !! That was one of the favorite and most heartbreaking moments of the film ! Peter S. Beagle even mentions the moment in his interview because it is so important to the film ! It 's just not the same . At least in this version they cut it out completely rather than just putting silence over the image in the other DVD so that her mouth is moving but she 's not saying anything . UGH.Anyway , overall this particular DVD that I am reviewing on now -LRB- the 25th anniversary version -RRB- is actually quite well put together . I just wish they would interview Jeff Bridges and Mia Farrow and Alan Arkin NOW -LRB- or at all for that matter -RRB- about the film ... that 'd be cool .
 This Anniversary Edition of `` The Last Unicorn '' is , to a very large extent , just about everything a fan could hope for . The audio and video are crisp and clear , and the colors are magnificently vivid . Also , for the first time in the USA since its theatrical run , `` The Last Unicorn '' can be viewed in widescreen thanks to letterbox technology . The only real problem with this treatment of `` The Last Unicorn '' is a tiny bit of censoring -LRB- the removal of one or two instances of mild language that were in the original release -RRB- . This annoys me on principle but generally goes unnoticed while one watches the film.The story itself is as wonderful as ever , and the Rankin-Bass animation and star-studded cast have lost none of their power . If you are a fan of the book or if you have fallen in love with previous releases of this film you will find this to be a very wise purchase . If , on the other hand , you are new to `` The Last Unicorn , '' then this is a marvelous way to introduce yourself to the classic .
 I like everything about this movie . I like the animation , Rankin-Bassy as it may be , because it has some beautiful images ... the way the Red Bull is made of fire , the way the unicorns move in the sea , the way the gimpy cat with the eyepatch walks . I love the writing , which is lifted straight out of the book , the best of Beagle 's ethereal ramblings on love and death . And I absolutely love the voice acting , including Mia Farrow -LRB- the unicorn/Amalthea -RRB- Alan Arkin -LRB- Schmendrick -RRB- Angela Lansbury -LRB- the hag -RRB- and Christopher Lee -LRB- the King -RRB- . Okay , I admit the duet with Mia Farrow and Jeff Bridges is pretty bad , but the rest of the America music is great.Having said all this , understand why I wish someone would release a special edition of this on the level of the Disney double disc sets . This is just as worthy Snow White or Lion King of a gloriously widescreen , remastered DVD with 5.1 audio . Unfortunately , this is not it . And the makers of this DVD are also cheating Beagle out of his legally awarded royalties , leading one of the greatest fantasy writers of all time to struggle for survival . I ca n't support this disc .
 My mother tells me that when I was little , I used to make her rent this movie every week . I still remember what the old cover looked like . I have to say that I bought a copy a few years ago and I still watch it every once and a while . I know all the songs by heart - I can still repeat my favorite lines - This is an incredible movie for all ages that I think everyone should watch to get a glimpse of that magic of the imagination that we tend to forget exists after we 've grown up!The plot of the movie is based on the book by Peter S. Beagle -LRB- read it if you like fantasy ! -RRB- , but I have to say that I like the movie better . Of course , the author did the screenplay , so that might explain why the movie is so good . It 's about a unicorn searching the world for others of her immortal kind . On her journey , she meets humans who help her on her path , like Schmendrick -LRB- sp ? -RRB- the bumbling magician who transforms her into a human woman to carry out her quest , Molly Grue the cynical outlaw , and Prince Lir who becomes a hero for her sake . But some of those she meets , like Mommy Fortuna the witch and King Haggard with his castle by the sea , will try to stop her from solving the mystery of her lost people . Will she be able to hold onto herself long enough overcome the ominous Red Bull who drove the other unicorns down all the roads long ago?Again , I say that this is one of the movies that defined my childhood , one of the things that convinced me I wanted to be a writer and believe in the magic of imagination . This is a great movie for kids , but there 's plenty there for an adult to appreciate as well . Buy it and watch it !!! It 's worth it .
 I first watched this movie around the age of 5 , and it was n't just once or twice , I watched it so often my mom eventually told me that we had lost the video , it was a very devastating day . For years little things would make it pop into my head so I finally decided to do something about it , I looked everywhere for this movie , I must have spent hours looking through those bins for it . Thanks to the internet my search is over . I can once again discover that little girl feeling that I felt every time I watched it , and I still know all the words to every song , but how could I forget the words to the songs that I sang 24-7 growing up . This is one of those movies that I 'm sure my children will be able to fall in love as hard as I did , but I promise not to `` lose '' it on them .
 Other animation studios started doing what it took Disney until the Lion King to try a hand at . Putting an end to the candy coating of serious issues and emotions . While animators and actors at Disney had the muddy singing child abusers of Pete 's Dragon making a laughing matter of an all too serious issue , other animated studios were giving children and adults the benefit of the doubt and credit to their ability to process and handle issues . They were also giving credit to the ability of animation to be a valid platform to put across serious issues and opinions , and to be a truly beautiful art form not just enjoyeable for children . The Last Unicorn 's style of animation is based on famous tapestries that contain scenes depicting unicorns . The background thus created is beautiful , haunting , and unique . Character design is beautiful in its own right , the characters are no Sleeping Beauties or Prince Charmings but rather imperfect by usual standards of attractiveness and being such memorable and endearing . The characters deal with what it means to be human , regret , dissapointment , and the moral responsibility to do the right thing even if it means giving up something we desire . The heroes have serious faults , the antagonists are human with understandable intentions for their conduct , and yet the moral implication is clear with justice being delivered . I am not meaning to desecrate the sacred name of Disney , for surely I own most of their movies , and completely respect what they have done in their feild . I will , however , say that they were slow to fully realize the capability of their genre and that smaller studios that created films such as The Last Unicorn and lent a little more credit to their audience deserve a little of the credit returned . This movie is certainly a must-see .
 ... because Edgar Allen Poe wrote on both -LRB- badum-ching ! -RRB- . But seriously folks ... Suppose you had a revelation . You wake up one morning to the tautological agenda of what has become your everyday routine . As you whiff the caffeinated brew of your first cup of coffee , it occurs to you that life is not as it should be . In the course of doing what 's expected of us , you find that little time is left for the imagination ; our transcendental self is muted and our creativity suffers . As such , we become averse to trying new things or augmenting our individuality and instead adhere to what is familiar . How do we resolve this predicament ? It is done by relearning what was forgotten ... that sense of adventure we had when we were children . The mature person can not nurture without an active imagination or appreciation for fantasy ; likewise the constant dreamer is lost without a sense of reality . Only in happy unison , a perfect balance if you will , do we fully benefit from each
 I did n't really expect the Remastered `` Last Unicorn '' to be such a different experience , but as many times as I 've seen this film , I still could n't tear my eyes away ! I saw so many details that I 'd never noticed on my 20 + year old VHS . It 's in widescreen . When Lir says `` Come on old man , I 'll write you a reference '' you can see his face ! The butterfly actually has facial expressions and subtle gestures that must have been plainly apparent only on the big screen . You can see the plates of tacos by the free-men 's fire ! And the backgrounds -- those gorgeous , richly detailed backgrounds . Not to mention the rich spectrum of colors , restored to their original brilliance . Oh , people . It 's worth owning.The music is restored to its epic , un-wavering orchestral splendor . It always bothered me , even as a kid , when the soundtrack would falter and make the sweeping score sound silly and embarrassing , anticlimactic . I wondered if someday they could possibly correct it , and now I own a version that does.I have to complain about the speed , though . It 's slightly faster than the version I 'm accustomed to , the voices a little bit higher , and every panning shot looks tinkered with , not quite natural.The editing of `` damn '' is n't nearly as jarring as expected . I 'm still perturbed by the film being tinkered with -LRB- sheerly for the sake of parents -RRB- , and as long-coming as this DVD has been , it 's unlikely an un-edited edition will be seen any time soon.The extras are more than passable , if sparse , especially the short video of Peter S. Beagle giving a bit of insight on the origins and evolutions of his beloved story . The menu seems to be accompanied by new music , which is a pleasant surprise .
 Now , I 'm a new fan of this movie . I just purchased this DVD today and have watched the film and fallen in love with it . Everything from the music , the animation , the story is absolutely spectacular.I have not seen the previous DVD , so I can not comment on its transfer , but from what I have heard , this DVD is light years ahead of the previous one , with a remastered widescreen video and a remastered 5.1 Dolby Digital audio track . The occasional scratch , dirt , and other film issue pops up , but for the most part , this transfer is crisp , clear , and vibrant.However , I am saddened to hear of language being censored . Since I 've never seen the movie until today , I did n't notice it , but it 's still a shame . I know it was done because parents complained , but they could have included two audio tracks - one censored , one uncensored . That way , everyone could choose . Also , people have complained about the 4 % speedup because of the usage of the master used in the German PAL DVD release . Again , I 've not noticed the difference because this is my first viewing.What I KNOW I 'm disappointed with is the lack of bonus materials . This is supposed to be a special 25th Anniversary Edition , so why are we given a lousy single-layer DVD disc -LRB- DVD-5 , 4.7 GB -RRB- with nothing but a short fluffy 8-minute making-of featurette that leaves you craving more , a trailer , and a dumb trivia game ? At least a more extensive making-of documentary would have been nice . Maybe including the soundtrack CD with it as well , since the only way to get it is through a German import CD.For fans of the film , or people who just love fantasy , I ca n't recommend this DVD enough . The film is beautiful to look at and hear , and it 's presented in a beautiful way . Sad thing is , however , the bonuses just are n't good enough to warrant the `` Special Edition '' text that 's on the DVD and slipcover spines .
 It was a beautiful movie with a great script . It kept my heart missing a beat with the action love and adventure all rolled into one movie . If you have n't seen then you do n't know what your missing !
 I saw this for the first time when i was a little kid , and I still love to watch it . Every time I see it , it becomes even better . It is visually stunning in this age of computer graphics and the story is classic .
 I loved this movie from the moment I saw it -LRB- 3 years old -RRB- up to this moment and I 'll still love it till the day I die . Anyone who loves mystical creatures , beautiful artwork , comedy , adventure , and who loves putting themselves in the character 's shoes must buy this movie because I garantee you ... watching this movie the first 10 times will not satisfy you enough .
 I grew up on this movie and my brother and sister could quote it word for word . It 's a great family movie that shows the devoted love and quest of one unicorn for the rest of her kind . You will fall in love with this movie .
 i just bought this video from amazon and i love it !! when she turns into a girl , she 's so beautiful !! i love it !! the first time i sawit was a long , long time ago . the skeleton scared me really bad , but i got over it , and it 's great !!
 Though I ca n't quite figure out why , I loved the movie . The music was strange , poignant , even , and it gives you the feeling for the scene . The only flaw was when Amalthea sang ; she should stick to speaking . And the story was wonderful , a thoughtful line that showed how life would sometimes go one way and you could not help but let it go that way . And the characters ! The harpy 's `` We are sisters '' and Amalthea 's `` This body is dying ! '' and all the lines and personalities and appearances ... It 's too much ! Got ta go cry now .
 I saw the movie so many years ago as a child and even before I knew what romance was or was about I thought it was a great love story . I loved the music too and was so pleased to find the CD available for order since it ca n't be found in American stores , just like the video.The Last Unicorn will be part of my video collection .
 Never has there been a movie that has sparked my imagination and kept my dreams of the fantastical world alive and flourishing ... There are unicorns all around us ... I believe ...
 As a child I watched this tale and as an adult I still get enveloped in the story . It is a truimphant fantasia of wonder and dreams . And , I still know the movie by heart .
 I 've been collecting anime related things almost my whole life . I 've gone as far as changing my art style . This is a wonderful movie for all ages . Even though it has its week points , the moral of the movie stays the same . `` Believe '' ! This movie is something to spend your money on !
 I remember the movie from my childhood , just as vivid as ever . The tale is timeless , in that the main character , a beautiful and benevolent unicorn -LRB- Mia Farrow -RRB- , sets out on a journey to discover what has become of the rest of the unicorns . On her journey she finds certain hard truths about the world in which she lives.Several people befriend the Unicorn and dedicate their services to helping her find the other Unicorn . The first of which is Schmendrick , a magician in the making and more or less a prankster at heart . The next to join the band was Molly , whom had encountered the beauty of the Unicorn before.The movie goes on to explain the bands travels an encounters and tells of a tale of romance and tragedy .
 I love this movie so much . I have been watching it for years and I have yet to grow tired of it . It is a great movie with beautiful songs and music . The story-line will capture you . This is definately one of MY favorite movies .
 Gods , I love this movie so much . Sure , the animation could be better , but I could never hope for anything as wonderful as this . When I was young I must have watched a million times . The tape was worn down , and I 've been looking for a new one ever since . This movie , book , soundtrack , everything is amazing . I have never seen such an intresting plot , or beautiful words on a page . I might be a little obsessed , but I do n't mind ... this movie is amazing .
 This is an incredibly strong , beautiful and entertaining movie if you can get past the dated animation , which I think actually adds something to the feel of the whole thing.The last of the unicorns is told that the rest of her kind were herded into captivity a flaming beast called the Red Bull . She begins alone on her quest to rescue the rest of her kind , having to leave the safety of her wood -LRB- where she can not be killed -RRB- and is joined in time by a hapless wizzard/jest , a strong willed woman and a warrior prince.The story is wonderfully told and the actors use their voices well to compliment what is a most beautiful dialogue . It is further enhanced by exquisitly crafted songs with strong melodies and vivid lyrics to match . It all adds up to a wonderful , moving and memorable experience.In my humble opinion - there 's no mistaking this as a family classic . In the words of King Haggard : `` I know you ! I almost knew you as soon as I saw you coming on the road , with your cook and your clown ; since then , there is no movement of yours that has not betrayed you ! A pace , a glance , a turn of the head , the flash of your throat as you breathe , even your way of standing perfectly still , they were all my spies ! ''
 God ! I 'm deeply addicted to this movie . I love EVERYTHING about it ... . got the film , the soundtrack , have reda the book ... ca n't get enough : -RRB- It 's the most wounderful film that ever have been made .
 Not many people have heard about this beautiful movie . With original songs by America and huge stars as voice actors , the movie is great and charming . The animation is that of Japanese creators but the story is understandable and beautiful . I love watching this at least every other month !
 This was one of my favorite movies since childhood , and I love it as much today as an adult as I did then . This is a fun movie for both kids and adults and the animation is very cool . Everybody should give this one a try . It 's great !!
 I have loved this movie ever since I was a child . I would ask my mother to rent it over and over and over from the video store . I ca n't believe they just did n't give it to us !! As a child I sang along with the songs that set the mood , and can even today recall the lyrics . I am 16 and still in love with this great treasure , infact , I just ordered it , and when I get more money in my account , I am also going to order the book . I suggest this movie to anyone who likes unicorns , or great 80 's movies , like me .
 I have owned this movie since I was a child , and still watch it on a regular basis . The music is amazing , the characters real , the love unforgettable . I also read the book recently , and hope that the remake in 2003 will incorporate more of the story than the animated version did . Truly animation 's greatest masterpiece .
 I first saw this movie when It was given to me on my eight birthday by my grandparents . It stole my heart , no sooner had I recieved it had I seen over and over every day . It broke over time , so my mother bought me another . I can still remeber the songs from the movie before I got my second copy . You 'll never see a better movie than this if you love fantasy or your kids do.Excert , said by the Unicorn , '' What she calls a manticore looks to be nothing more than a shabby toothless old lion , and she make them believe that poor old ape with a twisted ankle is a satyr . Deception , Illusion , Mirages , your mommy Fortuna can not truly change things ... '' written from my memory .
 This movie is as charming as it was the first time I saw it . The animation leaves a bit to be desired -LRB- it looks terribly similar to the animation in `` The Hobbit '' -RRB- , but thanks to the beauty of the story , I was quickly able to overlook the `` rustic '' animation . An enchanting tale of a unicorn , afraid she is the last in the world , on a quest to find more of her kind and set them free from King Haggard and the Red Bull . This captivating movie is enough to rekindle even the hardest cynic 's childhood belief in magic .
 I watched this movie all the time when I was young . It was my favorite childhood movie . The unicorn and the whole movie just seemed so magical to me . I highly recommend this movie for all children of all ages ! An excellent movie .
 The Last Unicorn has and always will be my favorite cartoon/movie . It epitomizes the true meaning of Fantasy -LRB- without the elves , dwarves and dragons -RRB- . The unicorns , magicians and sorceresses are all part of the fantasy world in which some people like to dream . I have always been a lover of unicorns and dragons . Though they may be myth it never hurts to use your imagination and go beyong what you see in front of you . The animation in this movie is very Japanese -LRB- for those who did not know -RRB- and that is one of the many reasons it continues to be one of my favorite movies . This is a definite keeper . If you never got the chance to watch this as a child I recommend you do so now , its never too late . If you have seen the Last Unicorn , I would suggest you buy it for your own collection as it has been a treasure in mine .
 This is a great movie ! I first saw it when I was about 6 and I still love it ! Beware of the profanity ! I recently saw it again and I was surprised to hear the bad language because of the G rating .
 I ca n't remember when I first saw this , but I really enjoyed watching every so often , now even after all these years , it still brings a tear to my eyes .
 I really love this movie ever since I was born in 1984 and that is when I first saw it . I always see it once in awhile . It is the perfect movie for a little girl who belives in unicorn and magic . This is the best family movie there is -LRB- I am a little bais -RRB- .
 When I first saw the animated version of this story , I was about 8 years old . Now I am 18 , and this book has held me spellbound for 3 nights this week alone . There is a certain vainess in the unicorn 's character , that was missing in the animated version . Peter paints an intricate portrait of all of his characters from Molly the kitchen maid , to King haggard 's men-at-arms . I enjoyed this book , I think Peter left me begging for more . A sequel would be great , but you can only write a masterpiece once END
 i never buy full frame DVDs of movies , widescreen is the way to go , and the critics are right , not only is The Last Unicorn DVD full frame but the picture is all dark and muddy , but this is such a dear enchanting film with some of the best voice acting ever found in an animated picture -LRB- i never cry at movies , especially animated ones , but this thing had me bawling at two scenes -LRB- you know which ones they are -RRB- -RRB- that i ca n't NOT recommend buying it .
 I can remember going to see this movie in the theaters when it first came out , I was in 9th grade-LOVED IT !!! I am a diehard unicorn fan-collect them and pretty much watch every movie that has one in it . The movie is very cute and sweet . I would recommend it to kids who are 4 or older-any younger than that they wo n't be able to follow the storyline .
 THIS NEW VERSION OF THE LASTUNICORN IS VERY FANTASTIC ... IT IS COMBO EDITION DVD+BLURAYTHE MENU IS WONDERFUL AND ALSO THE AUDIO RIMASTERED IS SUPERBEI M VERY HAPPY TO BUY IT
 My youngest granddaughter is really into Unicorns and so I got her the movie . She really enjoyed it , as did the other kids . The story and animation are very enchanting for little ones .
 I loved this movie when I was a kid , and used to press ` pause ' on the screen so I could drawn the Unicorn :-RRB- I think it has been re-mastered wonderfully , and I am glad it 's on DVD now . Honestly , it 's a MUST have for your collection ; -RRB-
 I bought this movie for my grandkids - they absolutely love it !
 A lovely story that can be viewed on many levels . There are some scary parts -LRB- for young children -RRB- , but my 5 year-old handled it without problems . There is also a character/creature -LRB- a harpy -RRB- that has exposed breasts , but this is the classical description of the mythical harpy , and it is not done in an exhibitionist way . The nudity is well hidden -LRB- it is obvious the girl is naked , but her long hair covers all privare areas and she is not being sensual in anyway . -RRB- The is also an animated tree that is drawn to suggest large breasts , but they are actually knots in the tree . Parents are the best judge of whether this falls within their viewing guidelines for their own children.This story teaches the concepts of regret and immortality , as well as the negatives of self-centeredness . It also teaches to judge people by who they are on the inside , not their appearance on the outside . One character learns to believe in himself and have a positive attitude . A strong theme through the movie is loyalty.Rankin produces this animated film in the drawing style of other rankin/Bass movies
 This was one of the films that inspired me to learn to read back when I was a kid . I just happened to be thnking about it today , and regretting my inability to watch it again from a more adult perspective , after devouring the book it was so faithful to -LRB- my copy was lost in a basement flood -RRB- . SO I logged on to maybe buy a copy for nostalgia 's sake and to read reviews from a few fellow fans . I was shocked . While there were many like me , a few overly conservative parents -LRB- obviously fooled by the title and cover into buying the film without knowing what it was -RRB- were ranting and giving it terrible reviews just for exposing their kids to a few
 I could never put my finger on what was so special about this movie until today , and I decided to write a review describing it . The movie deals with immortality and eternity . How some things never really end . That is what is so special about it to me . The desire to live on after death , if only in the memories of those who knew us .
 I remember watching this movie when I was little , not even realizing it was based on a novel . Having read the novel some 14 years later , the movie very acurately portrays Beagle 's novel with only one chapter omitted . The animation is superb , anothe triumpth by Rankin-Bass . the only problem is that , with most cartoons , the music gets quite annoying at times . But a little advice , read the novel first , that way you 'll understand the finer points of the movie better .
 Apparently every single person my age loved this movie as a child , and apparently every one of us thinks that they are the only ones to have seen it . Words can not describe how perfect and wonderful this movie is ... the only thing that might make people not like it is the fact that it is animated . But even the animation is so beautiful and unique - it 's real 80 's Rankin/Bass , and very distinct.The plot line is something that children can get caught up in , and that everyone can empathize with - feeling alone , and searching for others like you . The cast is wonderful , my personal favorite being Shmendrick , the failed magician -LRB- Be wary of wowsing a wizards ' wath ... rousing a risards ... be wary of making a wizard angry ! ... -RRB- The humor is sophisticated , the plot is entertaining , and the scenes are animated with a poignant beauty that you just ca n't find in modern Disney . I 'm instructing you to BUY THIS MOVIE . NOW .
 and if you do n't like it , you -LSB- stink -RSB- . Nagging mothers complain that it should n't have been rated G because of some extremely mild cursing . But , it really added to the movie and story.This had a beautiful story and message , even though it ended sadly.But what was even sadder was the fact that the very very cool Molly McGrue got together with the really really dorky freaky magician Schmenderik -LRB- with a nose the size of a casaba melon -RRB- . Alas , that is the only bad part of the movie . But it is still really good , and you should totally see it , dude ! So what are you wating for ? GO OUT AND BUY IT !!
 I think that this movie is possibly one of the greatest animated movies ever created . I watched it first when I was about 5 years old ... and never saw it again until I caught I glimps of it while flipping through channels when I was 22 , and I knew exactly what it was within 2 seconds . That 's how memorable the movie was for me . Of course , when I was five I liked it because it had unicorns in it - what five year old , does n't like unicorns ? I still like it because of the unicorns , but I absolutely LOVE it because of the story and the beautiful job the animators have done with it . It 's such a touching , sad , story with equally touching , sad , music , intended -LRB- in my opinion -RRB- more for adults than for children , although both will enjoy it . I still cry every time I watch it . I probably always will.If you were ever a child , this movie will touch your heart .
 This is one of the best movies to come out of the 80s , or any decade , for that matter . I do n't remember how old I was when I first saw it , only that I 've loved it for as long as I can remember . The animation is lovely , if not as grandios as recent Disney fare , and the story is absolutely fantasic ! As everyone says , it 's deep and poignant , and has wonderfully realistic characters . The voice acting is terrific , very real . Listening to Molly Grue yell at the unicorn -LRB- `` Where have you been ?! Where were you twenty years ago , ten years ago ? Where were you when I was new ? How dare you come to me now , when I am this ! '' -RRB- almost always makes my throat a little tight.This movie also has one of the best sound tracks EVER . I have the CD of the soundtrack , and have listened to it dozens of times without once getting sick of it . It 's a good thing I have the CD , or I probably would 've killed my tape by now fast-forwarding to the songs ! Admittedly , Mia Farrow should not have been allowed to sing `` Now that I 'm a Woman '' , and the duet -LRB- while one of the most honest love songs I know -RRB- , does n't sound all that great -LRB- on the CD , they 've replaced the actors , so the songs sound waaaaay better ! -RRB- . Buy the movie , by the book , by the CD ! I ca n't wait for the live action movie to come out !!! Pleeeaaassse let this come out on DVD soon !
 Peter S. Beagles ` The Last Unicorn ' is the best animated film i have ever seen in my life . I saw it for the first time when i was 2 -LRB- in 84 -RRB- and i have loved it ever since . It was because of this film that i wanted to branch into a singing career at such a young age . I was thrilled to hear that they are working on creating a ` real ' verison of the film with some of the orginal ` actors ' to play the characters in the film . It 's very exciting . I hope that this new film will encourage them to rerelease the animated ` the last unicorn ' onto dvd so that thoes us of who cherish the film can have it for years to come .
 My favorite film since I was a little kid , though when I was that young I did n't quite understand the story yet , there was Unicorns in it and that 's all that mattered to me back then!Now that I am an adult , I love this movie even more ! An incredible , unique story that I will treasure forever . This is my favorite movie of all time . The only film that , no matter how many times I watch it , still sends shivers through my body and brings tears to my eyes ! Very beautifully done animation especially for it 's time , and still superior to much of today 's animation . And the unicorn herself is drawn so beautifully , keeping away from the `` just a horse with a horn '' style and showing that unicorns are wild creatures that are a species all their own . I highly reccomend this film to everyone of all ages - children will love it for the pretty animation , and adults will love it for both the animation and the story !
 In my opinion the lst unicorn far surpassed anything that disney has put out . This movie although i have not seen it for 15 years is one of my most cherished memories of childhood . My sister and i use rent this movie almost weekly . I remember how scary the red bull was and how sad i was at the end . well buy this great film and watch it with your children or watch it yourself .
 This movie never ceasses to amaze me . Sincere , imaginative , and engrossing , The Last Unicorn provides both kids and adults a chance to sit back and become involved in a fantastical story with a great cast of characters . The film stays simple and direct , making it easy for younger people to follow . Yet The Last Unicorn contains adult issues as well . Even teenagers can relate to the main characters ' problems with love , identity , and integrity . And although lacking in high-tech wonders , the film still manages to convey a sense of magic and enchantment . The Last Unicorn is one fantasy movie that everyone should own .
 This was my favorite movie when I was younger . Now I 'm in college , and my friends and I are sititng here drinking beer and chilling with `` The Last Unicorn '' ! I will always love this movie ... it will always be a part of me , and it can be a part of you , too !
 This movie is more than a cartoon . It is a true work of art . The music is beautiful , and the animation is magical . The book is a must-read , and the movie is a must-see .
 People of all ages love this story . It is currently a movie and a book and both are equally fantastic . The Last Unicorn has been my favorite movie for as long as I can remeber . This movie will never leave you stranded . It has all the elements a fantasy story should have . Buy it while you can because this movie will remain for years to come and the longer you wait the more expensive it will be . This movie is a true classic .
 My topic says it all . Mistic music and a true story of innocence lost make this an unforgettable tale of good and evil . I reccomend it to anyone with a love of fantasy and a lust for life .
 An absolute must see , for fans of the novel . Extremely well done , I loved this movie as a child , and it still makes me happy ! I would like to add however that I 've been searching for a plush version of The Last Unicorn.If anyone one can locate one please contact me.Email
 An absolute must see , for fans of the novel . Extremely well done , I loved this movie as a child , and it still makes me happy ! I would like to add however that I 've been searching for a plush version of The Last Unicorn.If anyone one can locate one please contact me.Email
 I happened to bump into a site with the Last Unicorn today . It immediately brought back memories of my not too distant childhood -LRB- I 'm 17 now -RRB- , and how much I treasured this movie ... how I watch it over and over , sobbing through , and loving the ending . Despite its age , it remains my favorite animated movie to this day ... somehow , this movie seems more `` real '' than any other animation I 've seen.I was n't aware there was a book until now , and I will rush to get a copy of it ASAP ! `` That can not be . Why would I be the last ? What do men know ? Because men have not seen unicorns for a while does not mean we have all vanished . We do not vanish . There has never been a time without unicorns . We live forever . We 're as old as the sky , old as the moon ... ''
 It has been several years since I have seen this ... it touches me now as it did then . The music , the artistry ... it is all magic .
 I remeber watching this movie / cartoon when I was like 4 or 5 . I loved it then and I love it now . This has to be the StOnIeSt cartoon ever made !! Nuff sed ...
 I 've loved this movie ever since I was very little and I still love it today ! Not only is the story and the artistry terrific , but the music is amazing too ! Bottom line
 Too Late for Tears , 1949 filmThis was based on a ` Saturday Evening Post ' serial . It begins with a view from a hill overlooking a city in the dark -LRB- Los Angeles -RRB- . A car drives along the highway , the couple in it argues . Another car tosses a satchel into their car . Then they are chased by another car . Is a bag of money good luck or a curse ? Will they hide it or turn it in to the police ? Will Jane spend some ? Then a detective shows up to search their apartment . There is a surprise here ! Does Jan have a character flaw ? Can money buy `` peace of mind '' ? Danny shows up again for his cash . Will Jane make a deal ? Will she play fair ? Was that a mistake ? `` You 're quite a gal . '' Will their plot be successful ? Jane takes Danny for a ride , but he jumps out and runs away.Alan 's sister checks their apartment and finds the claim ticket . An old war buddy of Alan 's shows up . Katherine talks to him . What happened to Alan ? Would he take his Army gun with him ? Lt. Breech from Homicide shows up . Was there another woman ? Alan 's car was found near the Mexican border . Jane is curious about Don Blake . Is Katherine a threat to Jane ? Danny does n't like this , but he has no choice . Don and Katherine investigate Alan 's disappearance . `` That explains everything . '' Finally there is a meeting that causes a crisis for Don Blake . Jane goes to recover the satchel and keeps her bargain . `` Its all ours . '' Danny tells how he got the money - blackmail!Jane has one more trick up her sleeve . The police find Danny but he wo n't talk . We learn that dragging a lake has a lot of paperwork . Jane leaves California for Mexico . Don Blake shows up , we learn more about him . He is a killjoy . At the end we learn who Don Blake really is . Jane refuses to come quietly and so she is not taken back to America.The unexpected plot twists will keep you surprised . This story reminds me of `` Double Indemnity '' . `` Jane Petrie '' is the most vicious villainess since `` Phyllis Nirdlinger '' . One flaw in this story is that Jane did not see a family resemblance in Don Blanchard . Jane 's first husband was Bob Blanchard .
 Too late for tears is right , probably too late at about age six for our shoot - ` em-up femme fatale Jane -LRB- played her is demonic fashion by usually demure , if always husky-voiced , Lizabeth Scott -RRB- . They , those tears , got all dried up and shriveled as she furtively pushed her way forward in this wicked old world . And every man in sight had better watch out , and not turn his back . Jane Greer from Out Of The Past had better move over because there is a new sheriff -LRB- actually anti-sheriff -RRB- who is not to afraid put a slug , or six , in a guy who will not do her bidding , or even think about not doing it . There are two kinds of femme fatales in this wicked old world , those with hearts of gold and those with no hearts . Dear Jan e fits the later in surprising interesting B crime noir under review , Too Late For TearsYes , some of the dialogue is a little stiff and the copy I reviewed had some technical glitches in it but this one nevertheless held my attention . Partially because cinematically anyway it is easy to `` fall '' for a heartless femme , especially when she gets those wheels in her head turning madly for whatever is it is she is after -LRB- and gets those guns blaring too -RRB- . Partially as well because the theme of the film , although greed as a driving force in human history has been done unto death , crime does n't pay gets a little different workout here as the plot develops and is resolved.Divorcee Jane -LRB- prior husband committed suicide , prompted or not , by his business failures and therefore no dough status made him bum of the month is dear Jane 's eyes -RRB- is married to a regular middle class guy , Alan , -LRB- with nice digs in Hollywood , 1940s Hollywood -RRB- who she had latched onto to make her fame and fortune -LRB- mainly the latter -RRB- . While convertible cruising the Hollywood hills a passing car dumps a parcel in the backseat -LRB- good aim -RRB- of their car . Turned out there was some serious dough -LRB- serious 1940s dough now strictly coffee and cakes money -RRB- stashed there as part of a blackmail payoff . Naturally the money hunger wheels start working in Jane 's head -LRB- although not in Alan 's for which he would pay dearly , very dearly -RRB- . She taunts Alan into keeping it at the bus station for a while , although against his better judgment.Enter the `` owner '' of the dough Danny -LRB- played by Dan Duryea -RRB- who wants it back -LRB- naturally -RRB- . The rest of the plot centers on Jane playing off every man who gets in her way , starting with kindred spirit Danny , as she tries to `` con '' a con . Hubby Alan is the first by a few off-hand point blank shots from his own gun when he decides to turn the dough in . Later , after hubby 's demise , when Danny now knee - deep as an accomplice to Jane 's madness gets cold feet at murder -LRB- murder of a woman in this case , Alan 's sister , who is getting suspicious about missing Alan 's whereabouts -RRB- he takes the fall , this time with some untimely poison administered by guess who . And eventually trouper that she is , Jan is getting ready to plug a guy who turned out to be her ex-husband 's brother who is seeking revenge -LRB- possibly -RRB- for his brother 's death before her own untimely death . Whoa ! So guys if some husky-voiced dame , a blonde probably , wants to keep some off-hand dough , let her keep it , and for god 's sake do n't turn your back .
 A splendid movie . Thrilling with a bottom lover story that still happens today.Great Movie , Enjoy it for yourself too !
 I love old mystery detective horror thrillerclassics . I have a big collection . I haveseen many film noir and some of the onesthat get big releases are not even closeto this little gem ! I got this in a setof 10 movies for $ 9 and could n't believehow good this is . This is as good asany of the big name movies if notbetter . The two leads I have seen ina few other movies and tv and theyare great in this gem . If the qualityof this is so bad look for this inone of the sets like I have . It ` snot great quality but very watchable.don ' t miss this great movie .
 TOO LATE FOR TEARS -LRB- 1949 -RRB- -- -LRB- Directed by Byron Haskin -RRB- -- Lizabeth Scott , Dan Duryea , Arthur Kennedy , Don DeFore , Kristine Miller , Barry Kelley.IMO , a good little film noir , with Scott playing a `` first-class '' femme fatale . Scott and Kennedy play a married couple -- Scott had been married once before but her husband had committed suicide . As they are driving to a party one evening , a valise containing a blackmail payoff is mistakenly thrown into their convertible . They stop and open the valise to discover that it contains about $ 60,000 . Kennedy wants to take it to the police immediately ; the avaricious Scott wants to keep the money for one week and watch the newspapers to see if anything about `` missing money '' is reported . Kennedy , a spineless milquetoast , acquiesces , with the condition that they do n't touch the money until the week is up . Of course , this proves impossible for Scott to do and she starts buying furs , clothes , and other expensive items . When Kennedy discovers this , he checks the valise at the bus station and puts the claim check in his overcoat pocket , which happens to have a hole in it , which causes the claim check to fall into the lining of the overcoat . Scott is aware of this but ca n't get the coat away from Kennedy . At this juncture , Duryea shows up at Scott 's apartment , pretending to be a cop on the trail of some `` stolen money '' . Scott agrees to let him search the apartment and he finds the expensive merchandise she has purchased . At that point , he reveals that he is not a cop but the guy who was supposed to receive the payoff . He had observed Scott and Kennedy mistakenly get the bag and had copied their license number and tracked them down . Understandably , Duryea is a little upset and wants his money . She explains that the bag has been checked and that her husband has the claim check . She cuts a deal with Duryea to murder her husband and , with his assistance , get rid of the body and retrieve the claim check -- they will then split the money between them . Everything goes as planned until Scott reaches into the lining of the overcoat and discovers that Kennedy has hidden the claim check and replaced it with a blank piece of paper . Kennedy has a sister -LRB- Miller -RRB- who happens to live across the hall and Scott tells her that Kennedy is missing and has apparently left her for another woman . The sister does n't buy it and , while Scott is away , she enters the apartment , looks around , and finds the hidden claim check , which she keeps . About this time , DeFore shows up at the apartment and tells the sister that he is an old army buddy of Kennedy 's and just wants to say hello . The sister confides in DeFore that her brother is missing and he agrees to help her sort it all out . In order to keep this synopsis reasonably brief , suffice it to say that the story takes several twists and turns , with Scott eventually getting her hands on the claim check and the money . She proceeds to poison Duryea and skip out to Mexico with the $ $ $ . DeFore turns out not to be an army buddy of Kennedy 's , but the brother of Scott 's first husband whom she drove to suicide -- he wants revenge . DeFore traces her to Mexico and , in collusion with the Mexican authorities , confronts Scott with the fact that he knows she murdered Kennedy and wants half the money to keep quiet about it . As soon as she produces the money , he calls the police , who are waiting in the lobby of Scott 's hotel , and tells them to come up to Scott 's room and arrest her . Without spoiling the ending , I 'll just say that Scott has no intention of giving up without a fight and dies a death befitting a femme fatale . DeFore and Miller live happily ever after . As I said , I found this to be an entertaining film noir that draws you in and keeps things moving at a healthy pace . The plot is intricate but engrossing . I would certainly recommend this film to noir fans or fans of suspense dramas .
 This film noir classic from 1949 has a very well-crafted plot . Lizabeth Scott & Arthur Kennedy play a married couple who have a bag filled with $ 60,000 thrown into their car by mistake ! Lizabeth Scott wants to keep the money , but her husband wants to do the right thing & turn the money over to the cops . When the owner of the money -LRB- Dan Duryea -RRB- comes to collect she decides to get rid of her self-righteous hubby & split the money with Duryea ! From then on , the tension builds as people become suspicious of Lizabeth Scott , who turns out to be much deadlier than Duryea figured . This little-known gem is highly recommended for film noir buffs . However , I want to warn you that although the movie is great , the transfer is not . There 's some `` jumpy '' scenes , plenty of scratches visible , & the image quality is never totally clear . The sound quality is n't so hot either , & at times you ca n't even hear all they 're saying ! Considering the low cost of the dvd , these flaws are forgivable , but I 'd love to see this great classic restored to its original glory .
 I ca n't really add much to what 's already been written about this under-rated , almost forgotten , classic film noir . Lizabeth Scott is the ultimate femme fatale , leaving a trail of dead bodies in her wake , while Dan Duryea shines as the foil . Great , snappy dialogue , especially from Duryea . There 's a nice twist at the ending , which I obviously wo n't reveal here.The DVD that I have , though , is easily one of the worst transfers ever - not what one would expect from a DVD in this day-and-age - it 's skips , jumps and pops at various times and is overly-dark in some spots , although the dialogue that is missed is not really crucial to the story , but it is highly annoying . All in all , this has to be one of my personal favorite film noirs - along with Detour , Double Indemnity , The Postman Always Rings Twice , Mildred Pierce , D.O.A. , Sorry , Wrong Number , The Killing , Raw Deal , Scarlet Street , The Strange Love Of Martha Ivers , Out Of The Past , The Asphalt Jungle , The Maltese Falcon , and Kansas City Confidential ... -LRB- there are so many great ones in this genre ! -RRB-
 David Forehand 's review is perfectly stated , and I can not add anything more to it , other than I would give this film only 4 stars due to the terrible quality of the DVD transfer . The copy I watched is produced by Alpha Video Recorders , and is the very worst I have seen.But the film noir is terrific , and I am glad to have been able to see it , even though the transfer is so bad . If this is the only way we can get this 1949 classic , then it is worth the low cost of the film .
 `` Too Late for Tears '' is an archetypal film noir chock full of noir staples
 The movie was fantastic . The acting supurb . Lizabeth Scott is always a must to see . She never made a movie that was n't any good . This movie was made back when movies were movies and you left the theatre feeling like you had just experienced something exciting and fulfilling .
 condition of Too Late for Tears . There were a lot of splices & a missed word here & there . But I was satisfied with the dvd Classic Film Noir collection from Amazon . The movie was obviously made on the cheap in 1949 & with the others in the collection it was a good deal . Ms. Scott was Jane Palmer . She was as beautiful as she was avaricious . I 've rarely seen greed played so well . She seemed to have power over men she had contact with . Her husband Alan -LRB- Athur Kennedy -RRB- had no balls & soon she had her partner in crime Danny -LRB- Dan Duryea -RRB- doing her binding . He was transformed from a ruthless thug intent on beating the money out of her to a spineless drunk doing her bidding . A satchel with $ 60,000 was tossed into Alan & Jane 's car while they were driving down a deserted road . Alan wanted to turn it into the police . She , of course , starts to spend it before they had decided what to do with it . Danny tracks them down to their home & demands his money . Without her husbands knowledge , Jane makes a deal with Danny to split the money . She has to overcome her husband honest streak . Jane & Alan quarrel & he ends up dead . Danny is dragged into the murder . Soon Alan 's loving sister , Katy -LRB- Kristine Miller -RRB- gets supicious about the strange disappearence of her brother . Don -LRB- Don Defore -RRB- comes into the movie posing as Alan 's war buddy . Apparently he 's got wind of the money too . He & Katy promptly fall in love . It really has little to do with the story . Now Jane wants to kill Katy because she is asking too many embarassing questions . She also plans on double crossing Danny , killing him if necessary & escaping to Mexico . Eventually , she gets to Mexico with Don hot on her trail for the final confrontation . Remember , this is noir & happy endings are not required . An excellent movie & affordable , in glorious black & white .
 Holy guacamole ! Lizabeth Scott plays the most fatal of all the femme fatales in noir history . The story details the effects of a mis-delivered bag of money -LRB- $ 60,000 -RRB- on a married couple -LRB- played by Lizabeth Scott and Arthur Kennedy -RRB- and the intended recipient , played by Dan Duryea . Lizabeth Scott is unhappy in her current situation with nice guy underachiever Kennedy . When the pennies from Heaven arrive she fully intends to live a little higher up the food chain on the ill-gotten gains , Spousy be damned ! Dan shows up and she has to think fast . She does . She eventually out-toughs his bad-boy character , driving him to drink and his eventual demise . And she does it all without mussing her shiny blonde hair ! She bad!Anyway , the movie is great , but either the transfer or the cinematography leave much to be desired . It was difficult to see what was going on in many scenes . But do n't let that dissuade you from enjoying this rip snorting good movie . Lizabeth ! She so baaad !
 This is a review for TOO LATE FOR TEARS -LRB- 1949 -RRB- which was directed by Byron Haskin with a screenplay by Roy Huggins from his magazine serial . TOO LATE FOR TEARS seems tobe a Public Domain film and on the Alpha videocopy that I have there was definitely no technical restoration work done on it . By and large , the print is murky at times but certainly watchable.A nice guy husband and his somewhat touchy wife are on their way to a party when they decide to head back home.As they pass a black sedan a satchel is tossed into their back seat and a moment or two later what looks like another mysterious car is following them which the couple decide to see if they can shake off.After the couple stop and examine the bag they realize that it is thousands of dollars . As the husband insists , money that probably is part of some kind of crime they really do n't need to be a part of or even know about.So the husband insists on taking it to the police but because his wife really wants what turns out to be $ 60,000 he keeps stalling , as if to indicate that he 's not really sure , either . Eventually the satchel is parked ina train station luggage room and the husband is given a ticket for the bag . As it turns out , the ticket falls into a hole in his raincoat pocket and is stuck in the lining.Eventually a stranger played by Dan Duryea shows up at the apartment and bluffs his way into having the wifelet him search the place where he finds brand new furs and other expensive wardrobe items hidden in a kitchencabinet . So he realizes that the money is being spent , no matter what the wife tells him or the husband.And as the story unfolds , there is a somewhat callous murder commited on one of the three principals , an old WWII vet pal of the husband shows up and at the urging of the husband 's sister , starts investigatinguntil the whole tangled mess winds up down in Mexico . Where it all ends in a rather abrupt but notexactly surprisng climax.I thought that all together TOO LATE FOR TEARS is a pretty good film but its big weakness is a lack of explanations as to why the femme fatale , wife played by Lizabeth Scott , can turn on the sweetness one second and in a moment or so later be hard as nails when killing her nice guy husband played by Arthur Kennedy . The makers of this film did try to show us her frustration with her hubby as he dithers away , trying to decide what to do with the bag of cash . Or at least they could 've showed her lying consistantly about small things as an indication of what she was realy like.But I do n't think they did a very convincing job of it , she does seem like a nice person except when someone gets in the way of her chance to keep that bag of money . Maybe many of us would be the same way if someone threw $ 60,000 -LRB- roughly $ 400,000 in today 's money -RRB- into our lap at an unexpected moment.If anyone wants to experiment , I 'm willing to try.Four Stars .
 Scott plays a cool cucumber in this movie . She an excellent actress and i wish to see her in more movies . I remember a role she played but ca n't remember the movie .
 Mesmerizing , suspenseful , beautifully filmed and well acted . It 's a * CRIME * the print of this film noir masterpiece is so poor , but it 's so memorable and engrossing that one stops caring about 10 minutes in .
 `` Too Late for Tears '' opens quickly . A couple parked by the side of a highway , rear lights blinking , have a bag containing $ 50G tossed into their car . Hubby Arthur Kennedy smells trouble and wants to hand over the loot to the cops . Wifey Lizabeth Scott is fiercely determined to keep it . The viewer would expect someone to come calling about the $ $ . Sure enough , crooked PI Dan Duryea is hot on the trail . DD was in on an insurance scam and the $ 50G was his cut . The blinking car lights were a signal for him ! Scott has to contend with AK who wants no part of the money and DD who wants `` his '' loot . LS ' steely and increasingly bold gambits to placate AK and DD - while keeping the $ $ - are the force behind TLT . No man is going to stop this brazen female ! LS often plays the good girl/bad girl but not in TLT . She is all bad here , no holds barred . This reviewer is an LS fan ; he was rooting for her against the guys ! Fine plot twists are added by a suspicious neighbor -LRB- Kristine Miller -RRB- and AKs ubiquitous old Army buddy -LRB- Dom De Fiore -RRB- . Those two make a nice pair as their doubts about LS grow , especially after Kennedy disappears ! What happens ? Good reviews do n't give away endings , so viewers will just have to watch . Those who do will not be disappointed . This observer has never understood those who complain about DVD transfers-until now . My DVD had sound problems plus a few nighttime scenes were too dark-even for a noir release . TLT is still recommended to serious noir fans-plus it has Lizabeth Scott in her prime ! TLT does a noticeably good job of tying up loose plot ends , a point many crime films ignore . What 's not to like ? Even though the opening and the fadeout are somewhat forced , noir fans have a safe choice with `` Too Late for Tears '' .
 Haskin 's clever , intriguing noir thriller concerns murder , betrayal , and cruel twists of fate . Scott sizzles as the shrewish , manipulative wife who sees the stolen loot as her ticket to easy street ; unfortunately , Kennedy 's upstanding Alan does n't see eye to eye with her , and pays the price . Under Haskin 's taut direction , B-movie veteran Duryea holds his own against Scott 's cold-blooded femme fatale , at least until she reduces the hard-boiled crook to a blubbering mess of manhood . `` Too Late for Tears '' is a sharp , cynical tale of unrepentant avarice .
 I 've read several reviews on Amazon about the Too Late For Tears print quality from Image , Alpha , and also the low priced 6-disc Noir set from Questar , 5-Noir Killer Classics , where this film is titled Killer Bait . These reviews were very helpful to me . I had already bought the very poor quality , and cheap , Alpha release . Then I bought the 6-disc set from Questar , mainly to upgrade my Tears print . This print is better than the others and I 'd go so far as to say it is pretty good . Keeping things in perspective , these are OLD movies !!!! Lizabeth Scott , always the interesting one , about takes the show in Tears , almost . In strictest regard to acting talents , Liz strikes me as a bit stiff at times , mostly in those scenes when the dialog is calm and uncharged . In her more emotional exchanges , she 's definitely in her game then -- Noir at its best . But with her of course , it 's the looks she gives -- the sultry ones she dishes out at just the right moment . They 're not always there , not even usually there , but there are times when you look at her ... face , eyes , those brows , mouth , very natural and very fleeting , and all combining to form ... THE LOOK . Most any male would be a goner then , and I guess a female or two as well . I can honestly say now that `` I get it '' , the femme fatale thing . Best to just stay away ... it 'll clip you at the knees . Dan Duryea gives his usually top end performance . Was he really drunk in the drunk scene ? Check out the chain latch goof-up as he attempts to exit through a door . Nice little subtle directing touch , or was that a REAL flub ? If you like Scott and Duryea , Tears needs to be in your collection . This movie has all the right parts that make up classic Noir . And do buy the Questar set , even if you have all the other ones in the set already -LRB- like I did -RRB- . The price is good , and it 's worth it if for only the Tears print -- not great , but definitely boxcars better than the other Tears DVD releases out there .
 Very good murder mystery , but Alpha 's spliced-up print just wo n't do . This film deserves to be put back together .
 Liz Scott was the glamorous blonde in Hal Wallis ' Paramount Studios stable . Here in a low budget quickie `` Too Late for Tears '' she tries her hand as a femme fatale and is so impressive she belongs in the ranks of Jane Greer , Barbara Stanwyck and Claire Trevor , the triumvirate of film noir tough gals from `` Out of the Past '' , `` Double Indemnity '' and `` Murder , My Sweet '' respectively.The film was released in 1949 , the same year that low budget film noir giant `` D.O.A. '' came out . `` D.O.A. '' featured an existentially tragic victim in Edmond O'Brien while `` Too Late for Tears '' features numerous victims , all at the behest of Scott , whose blonde beauty is ice cold and her penchant for riches inexhaustible and uncomplicated by even a tinge of morality . Scott reflects the amorality of the grand femme fatale triumvirate of Greer , Stanwyck and Trevor.The film 's initial clash occurs after Scott , along with husband Arthur Kennedy , come into possession of $ 60,000 . Honest Kennedy wants to hand the money over to police , but Scott has other ideas.Kennedy 's hunch that the large sum of money relates to some type of criminal enterprise is proven valid when legendary screen tough guy Dan Duryea comes calling at her apartment . When Duryea uses some brute force in the beginning Scott , instead of forcing the issue , shrewdly gives him the impression that he is in charge and ultimately agrees to a partnership with him.The daring of Scott prompts tough guy Duryea to melt . He ultimately wants out of the association , but by then it is too late . Duryea is reminiscent of Fred MacMurray in `` Double Indemnity '' in the way that he becomes shocked at the savage ruthlessness of Barbara Stanwyck , his partner in crime.The wild card in the picture is Don Defore . A veteran character performer , Defore was known primarily for comedy rather than film noir , becoming famous as a regular on two comedy television sitcoms , `` Ozzie and Harriett '' and `` Hazel . `` Defore shows up unexpectedly and surprises Scott . While he tells her that he is a former World War Two service buddy of Arthur Kennedy 's , a wily Scott does not believe him and wonders just who he is and why he has entered her life . Defore 's identity factors into his motivation for pursuing Scott while explaining his determination to break open a case that she attempts to hermetically shut.Byron Haskin directed . He is best known for the science fiction hit `` The War of the Worlds . '' He later became involved in science fiction on television as a regular director of episodes of the sixties ' series `` The Outer Limits . `` The rapidly paced script was written by Roy Huggins , who later created the television detective hit `` The Rockford Files '' starring James Garner .
 This review is for the 2003 Alpha DVD.The movie opens on a deserted California highway where Jane Palmer -LRB- Lizabeth Scott -RRB- and her husband Alan -LRB- Arthur Kennedy -RRB- have a small suitcase thrown into the backseat of their convertible from another car passing in the opposite direction . They immediate check the suitcase and find it full of money . They realize that they probably were given the money by accident and drive off in a panic but are chased by another car for a short while before eluding it . When they return to their apartment , Jane and Alan are worlds apart with their expectations on what to do with the money totally $ 60,000 . Jane is dead set on keeping it , but Alan realizes the potential danger and possible legal repercussions of keeping the cash and believes its best to turn it over to the police . They reach an impasse and decide to keep it , and agree not spend any of it until they know more about the people and circumstances involving the cash . But shortly thereafter , it 's clear that Jane has her own plans for the money . This sets up the rest of the film where the passion for the money becomes so insatiable , that murder becomes the means and method for securing this large stash.Overall , I enjoyed the movie . It does a great job of holding the viewer 's attention . All of the characters did a good job in their roles - especially Lizabeth Scott . She does a superb job as a money-driven woman who will resort to any means of keeping the accidentally received $ 60,000 . Don DeFore plays a mysterious man who suddenly shows up shortly after Jane and Alan obtain the money , but it 's not until the end of the movie do the viewers know why he 's involved in the story . Without playing spoiler , once it is determined who he is , the timing of his arrival is just too coincidental and his level of involvement seems too improbable , which slightly blemishes an otherwise excellent plot.The Alpha DVD release of film is a disappointment . The B&W ; picture lacks sharpness , there are plenty of short skips due to splicing , and there is noticeable film damage throughout the presentation . It 's a shame that a major studio has n't picked up this film and released a restored version of it.Movie
 Here 's the premise . A couple is parked in their convertable , the top down . Along comes a speeding car and the driver throws a big bag of money into the couple 's convertable . Neat , huh ? What would YOU do if a bag of money was thrown into your car by accident ? Hint
 A great film noir with superb performances by noir icons Scott and Duryea is hopelessly mangled in a really bad dvd transfer . The film is 5 star but the transfer is just terrible ... recommended with obvious reservations .
 This has some honeys in it . BIG HUGE TA TA CHI CHI 's GET DOWN !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! GET FUNKY !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! SPANK YO MONKEY !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 In my opinion , this movie was a genuine attempt to capture the resolve of the Adamsons to help Elsa 's three orphaned cubs find their way in the African wilderness . Some have commented that the acting -LRB- and the actors -RRB- in this sequel to `` Born Free '' did not show the compassion for animals that those in `` Born Free '' did . I disagree . In accordance with the story line -LRB- which I assume to be more or less faithful to the actual events -RRB- , the Adamsons had resolved not to become as attached to the cubs as they had been to Elsa . Therefore , they necessarily had to `` keep their distance '' as it were . I recommend this movie for good family viewing . I also enjoy the theme music and lyrics to this movie , which I think were well-written and appropriate to the content of the movie .
 Once again I am reminded of how much I enjoyed the `` Born Free '' trilogy when I viewed this DVD . Anyone who loves lions , and the 1960 's , should own and view all three movies .
 I simply loved it . I had seen it years ago but was having trouble finding it again . It was great .
 I like watched this movie . It was very good movie & sad that made me cry . Suggest to sell it for lower price . Thanks .
 A very awesome family film . Everyone can enjoy this film without exception.It covers love , patience and remarkable friendships that are hard to find now a days .
 Both of these films are wonderful , and like Joy Adamson , I have fallen in love with Elsa . George & Joy Adamson created -LRB- as far as anyone knows -RRB- the first human-raised lion pride , and all the films that feature the Adamsons and their story are fascinating
 The movie was of top quality . I had seen the movie before , but I really enjoyed seeing it again and enjoying it with a young friend . The movie came really quickly in the mail . This was an excellent transaction .
 This was an excellent movie . It is Nick Carter of the BSB 's favorite book . I would definitely recommed it to everyone , unless you are an N Sync fan .
 I thought this film was a good loose adaptation of Shakespeare 's Hamlet . The fighting scenes were good and the story line was n't bad to my expectations . The Boxset is sick ! It contains a bunch of Promotinal Materials with the cast singatures and a little mini sword that could be use for a letter opener . This by far a GREAT collector 's item to add in your DVD library . I own a set and so should you !
 Having purchased the wonderful cosmic story of Jack & HollyJack and Holly 's Cosmic Stories -LRB- USA/NTSC -RRB- which my Grandaughter loves I now have a copy of Jack & Holly 's Christmas Countdown DVD . This is a super story and I know it will be a wonderful way to share the magical moments of Christmas with her through these gorgeous animated characters , Jack & Holly . A must buy for little ones .
 very educational and interesting dvd for children , I learned many things myself , lovely characters who take you on an adventure , highly recomend this to all .
 This is sooooo cute and it does n't insult kids ' intelligence . Personally , I like the music because it 's so chill and dreamy . This is one of the very few series that my preschooler son asks for by name . I thought he would have trouble with it because Jack and Holly speak in British English , but not so at all -LRB- plus I like exposing him to the different pronunciations -RRB- . This Christmas video is nice for winter and holiday time but we also likeJack and Holly 's Cosmic Stories -LRB- USA/NTSC -RRB-
 Once again a very awesome family film . Everyone can enjoy this film without exception . It covers love , inner strengths , patience and remarkable friendships that are hard to find now a days .
 my wife wants to get a pet lion now ... oops !! always loved natgeo ... this is a similar viewing experience with a wonderful story line amazing that its actually true
 This film is great for family ! I watched online through Amazon Prime and it played perfect and was so crystal clear ! I recommend this movie for all families!This movie will make you laugh and cry it is that Great ! I will order this DVD through Amazon.com soon and add it to my library ! This movie is also educational for everyone!I Just Love all Cats , wild or tame ! I have my own domestic cat called Snowy , he is 8 years old now and mostly all white with a little apricot on his ears and tail , he also has light blue eyes ! Cats Rule , Dogs Drool !! Sorry I am just kidding , I like all animals !
 The product arrived expeditiously , in perfect condition and is being enjoyed by my grandchildren . No problem in placing order or any issues whatsoever . Thank you . Price was competitive as well .
 My 7 year old daughters absolutely loved this movie ! A great Sunday afternoon movie to watch with the kids . Beats a regular cartoon any day .
 I love this movie !! And a true story . You will enjoy it ! 5-stars all the way !
 This is a great movie for the family . There is so many revues on this movie that goes in to detail . I will keep it short and say that my husband and I enjoyed it very much . I am sending it to our great grand children and know this will be a keeper they will watch over and over .
 Sorry wrote the wrong info on this item the first time -- I bought the movie for a friend and she said it was great ! So Thanks .
 THIS HAS GOT TO BE ONE OF THE MOST BEAUTIFUL AND HEARTWARMING BOOK AND MOVIE I HAD THE GREAT BLESSING TO READ AND SEE . IT WILL LAST FOR ALL TIME . IT LEAVE 'S A MESSAGE OF A GREAT LOVE AND PASSION FOR ONE OF GOD 'S MOST LOVELY CREATURE 'S . i HAD THE GREAT PRIVLEDGE OF VISITING MERU IN AFRICA WHERE DEAR ELSA AND JOY WERE BURIED . I VISITED THE GRAVE . I WILL NEVER FORGET THAT TIME .
 Words ca n't describe how much this movie meant to me as a kid ... and now as an adult . It shows a young person 's movie can be a glorious experience without sexual inuendos , sarcastic characters , and sexy clothes.This movie is so good , it cries out for a better film to video transfer . This verion has poor sound quality , lacks BluRay resolution , is full of dust specks , and has frequent splice bumps -LRB- shaking when going from one scene to the next -RRB- . What a pity . It deserves better . A few `` DVD Extras '' would also be great.This movie has some of the best music and photography ever -LRB- with the exception of the `` day for night scenes '' , when the sky just happens to be bight blue in the middle of the night -RRB- . Here 's hoping that the studio re-releases this film in BluRay with the high quality picture and sound transfer that it deserves ! I 'll be the first in line to buy it !
 A friend of mine recommended me to watch this movie . Wonderful !!! I just love this movie . It was very moving . I highly recommend it .
 This review pertains to the March 2003 DVD release of `` Born Free '' . The picture and sound are fantastic ! This issue presents a remastering of this relatively old film -- and it looks brand new ! The picture is sharp and the colors are rich and accurate . The format is anamorphic widescreen , so it looks great on a large screen TV . I viewed this movie on a 46-inch Samsung high defintion LCD TV , played on a Toshiba 1080p HD DVD player -- and it looks stunning!Of course , the movie itself is worthwhile -- and this remastered version makes it even more worthwhile to own and watch again and again . Highly recommended !
 It was made more than 40 years ago , I must have seen it around 20 times in my life and still gets to make me wan na hugh Elsa , the lioness that took the hearts of thousands of people and still is , thanks to home technology . The more I see this movie , the more I understand it 's not so much about a naive story , as much as it 's about real life for most of us and the values we choose to accompany us throughout our short journeys ... if you have a spot in your DVD collection tagged `` 5 star classics '' put it at the beginning of it ... Wild thing you ca n't miss to have !
 A story about letting go of something you love because it is the right thing to do . A classic that should be seen by the entire family . A lesson in appreicating nature but yet letting nature be free and unkept by man . A must see !
 You always here the story or the expression that you ca n't take wild animals and try to them into pets . This movie tells and shows you why . The movie is based on a true story from a book by Joy Adamson . The movie is set back in the 1950 era when George Adamson who is the game warden for the Kenya area in Africa . While out on a routine run George has to kill a charging female lion in self defense . After George kills the lion he discovers that the lion was a mother as three lion cubs come out of no where . George takes the 3 cub 's home because he knows that if he did n't the cubs will die . When the cubs get too much to handle they have to make the hardest decision of their life . Do they send the animals to the Rotterdam Zoo ? Do they send all the cubs or do they keep one ? To me the acting was great as Bill Travers and Virginia McKenna play George and Joy Adamson . As a side note McKenna also narrates the story as Joy voice-over , using the book . The real star of the show , though , is Elsa herself , actually played by three different lionesses . You can really see the genuine affection between the large cat and her caretakers as they interact . It is magical to watch . This movie would be great for you and your family because there 's none of the following in this picture . There 's really no violence , and there 's no sex or any swearing for that matter . The entire movie was shot in Africa . If you can get the DVD the picture quality is as good as a movie that you would buy today . This review is based on my home addition of Born Free on DVD . You can get this DVD right here on Amazon.com and it by far better then the current VHS that 's out there now .
 `` Born Free , '' is an absolute wonderful film . It 's beautiful , about a couple who take care of a lion cub whom they love and nurture and name Elsa . She is smart and they love her like a child . But also they want her to be free and never to be put in a zoo . It 's a very emotional and moving film . I 'd give it ten stars it certainlty desrves it . It 's a true story based on a book . Virginia McKenna and Bill Travers , real life husband and wife portray a married couple in the movie too . They are wonderful actors first rate . They make the performance moving , sad , and happy . They capture all the moments . Elsa is also a star in the movie . She 's very sweet and a gentle lion who does n't hurt anyone , because she 's been raised since a cub by humens . The tile song alone adds much more emotion too the film and helps tell the story and tell it 's theme . It 's a beautiful and inspiring song . I 'd highly recommend this film to anyone . There are some flaws too from the time period it was made and the wrong and unfair treatment of Africans as servents.But the rest of the film is good and the scenery in Kenya is breathtakingly beautiful .
 Beautiful story of the rescue , human interaction with , and release of lion cub . Loved the scenery and animals of Africa .
 Great true story . I remember this movie from when i was a kid . I watched it with my children . A bit graffic in spots but with animals in the wild i guess that it is hard to avoid .
 Time has not diminished the high quality and endearing story told through this 1965 movie . This one you can watch with the kids .
 For an older movie with no CG this movie was very entertaining and had my attention all the way through .
 Darling . Kids from 2-8 yr old loved it . Based on a true story . Did n't feel as out of date as I had expected
 Excellent movie to watch with friends and family . We enjoyed it thoroughly . Kids will like it as well as adults .
 I loved watching Elsa and her cubs . Born Free is an excelant movie for all ages.I highly recomend watching this movie
 I like animals especially big cats . This movie is a good one if you are interested in knowing about lions even though it is old movie .
 I loved this film just as much as I did when I first watched it as a young girl . I even showed it to a group of teenagers and they were completely captivated .
 I have always loved movies about african animals . This one is wonderful especially because Elsa is returned to the wild . I watch it over and over .
 A classic movie that is still as good as when it was filmed . I enjoyed watching this film with my family and I think you will too .
 Thought the movie was great but way over priced . Never again . I 'm switching back to Netflix . You would get more purchases if the prices were more reasonable .
 this is a super awesome movie . my kids loved it . its a true story which really touches your heart . must watch by everyone .
 I grew up reading Joy Adamson 's trilogy about Elsa , the lioness -LSB- ` Born Free ' , ` Living Free ' and ` Forever Free ' -RSB- , and Elsa has remained always very dear to my heart , an unforgettable furry heroine . This film is an excellent and truthful adaption of Mrs. Adamson 's wonderful book . In the late 1950 's Kenyan Game Warden George Adamson and his wife Joy became the foster parents of three female lion cubs whose mother had been killed by mistake . They eventually decided to send two cubs away to a zoo and keep the smallest cub which had become the most dear to them . This was Elsa and she would acquire world fame . Much joy and heartbreak followed when the Adamsons ultimately decided to rehabilitate Elsa back into the wild . Since in their opinion that is where she belonged . After a difficult adjustment they were rewarded with success.This film which was shot on location in Kenya and directed by Tom McGowan and James Hill is a remarkably intelligent and truthful adaption . It follows Elsa from cub hood to motherhood and superbly brings to life the joys and heartbreak which Elsa and the Adamsons went through together . Much of this is due to the excellent , dedicated and vibrant performances of Bill Travers and Virginia McKenna -LRB- who are real life husband and wife -RRB- as the Adamson couple . The Travers couple worked closely with George Adamson who was an advisor for this film in regard with the lions . Since they aimed at natural performances by the lions . Friendship would develop between the Travers and the Adamsons and they bonded firmly with the lions . After this film the Adamsons would continue with the rehabilitation of big cats back into the wild and the Travers besides acting went into wildlife conservation.Since the heroine of this film is a furry one , something certainly needs to be said about the lionesses , lions and cubs who gave such wonderful and gripping performances here . The part of Elsa was taken by the lionesses Girl , Mara and Henrietta and the dedication and love of George Adamson and the Travers brought them to outstanding performances.A film with many funny , comic , touching and sometimes heart wrenching moments and there 's also the gorgeous Kenyan scenery to enjoy . It has rightly become a classic !
 I saw this movie 25 -LRB- ? -RRB- years ago and cried as a little girl . Now that I am 38 and I watched it again from a completely different perspective , I think I cried even more . This is a movie that ALL must see !! It is the most heart-warming story ever written . I am so glad that Joy and George Adamson shared their story of Elsa with the rest of the world !!!!
 `` Born Free '' is a true story about the adoption of a wild lion cub by a game warden in Kenya and his wife who are eventually confronted with two choises , either carrying out the tedious task of introducing the cub back to the wild in three months , or sacrificing her freedom by giving her to a zoo . The two people go through everything that is inevitable when you have a large cat for a pet . The film has its share of emotional moments like when the Adamsons get the cubs to lap up milk for the first time , and the time when the adolescent Elsa is isolated for a few days and is found wounded and unstable . But they are well balanced out with the amusing situations like Elsa riding on the hood of the truck and her bringing a two year-old elephant calf to the camp etc.The film is so polished and of high quality that unless one is aware that it was made in ' 66 , he/she will undoubtedly be lead to think that it was made in at least 1980 . I was really surprised . I will add however , that I watched the film on TV yesterday for the first time and that is what my review is based on . Anyway I doubt the VHS is any different . So clever is the film in getting its points and objectives across that even people who are n't into wildlife movies will enjoy this , as I observed while I was watching . You have to admit , you do n't often see a lioness swimming in the ocean and playing `` foot '' ball , do you ? Also , the film runs for around 1 hour & 40 minutes . Long enough for you ? I strongly recommend this film to anyone .
 I 've probably seen this movie somewhere between 15 to 20 times since I was a kid . -LRB- I also read the book many moons ago . -RRB- It never ceases to entertain and is guaranteed to bring tears to your eyes by the time the song `` Born Free '' resounds at the end . Born Free is the wonderful true story of the raising of Elsa , the lioness , by Joy and George Adamson -LRB- sorry to correct another reviewer , but Virgina McKenna was the actress who played Joy Adamson , so it 's not the story of Elsa and the McKenna 's -RRB- . The story is heart warming , can be seen by the whole family , & will make you want to book a trip to Kenya when it 's all said and done . No question , this is one of my favorites of all time !
 Based on a true story , as told by Joy Adamson in her book of the same title , this 1966 film remains compelling today . The movie follows the adventure of a British couple , game warden George Adamson and his wife -LRB- Joy , author of the book -RRB- , living in Kenya in the 1950s , who become surrogate parents for a litter of three orphaned lion cubs . When the mother is shot in self-defense , the Adamsons bring the cubs into their home , planning to turn them over to the Rotterdam Zoo as soon as the zoo is ready to receive them . However , Joy forms a strong bond with the smallest of the cubs , whom she names Elsa , and ultimately can not bear to part with her . So while Elsa 's siblings eventually depart for the zoo , Elsa herself stays with the Adamsons . At first all goes well , but as Elsa grows into a mature lioness , it quickly becomes apparent that she can not remain with her human family . And so , rather than send Elsa to a zoo and subject her to life in a cage , Joy is determined to do something no one has ever done successfully before - teach a tame lion to survive in the wild , and ultimately set her free.The acting is good , with real-life couple Bill Travers and Virginia McKenna playing George and Joy Adamson -LRB- McKenna also narrates the story as Joy via voice-over , pulling passages from the book -RRB- . There are a few places where the dialogue seems slightly forced , but for the most part it is very sincere . The real star of the show , though , is Elsa herself , actually played by three different lionesses . You can really see the genuine affection between the large cat and her caretakers as they interact . It is magical to watch . `` Born Free '' relies on none of the modern-day tactics for holding an audience 's attention . There is very little violence of any sort , no gore , no explosions , no sweeping romance , no sex , and as far as I could tell , not even a single swear word . The only fight scene is one between two lions , and the only chases are lions going after prey . Yet the movie maintains the ability to captivate a viewer entirely . It may hold the highest appeal for children , but animal-loving adults are sure to love it , too . I first saw this movie as a kid , but when I recently re-watched it after many years I was happy to find that it remained thoroughly enjoyable . I would warn , though , that very small children may possibly be frightened by the lion attack scene at the very beginning . The attack itself is now shown , but the lion 's leap and the victim 's scream are . I remember being a little unnerved by this part when I was little , so if you have a very young child , it may be best to watch this scene yourself first to determine whether it 's likely to bother them.The one thing that worries me a bit about this story is the fact that the Adamsons actually used gunshots to call Elsa to them . Even at the end of the film , Elsa still displays no fear of either guns or humans . Such a lack of fear can be quite very detrimental to a wild animal , particularly in an area where lions are often shot to protect livestock . I do n't fault the makers of the movie at all , since this is based on events as they really happened and the movie could n't have been filmed differently without altering the story , but it 's still a little worrisome.The entire movie was filmed on location in Kenya , and the scenery is gorgeous . Unfortunately , the picture quality is not as crisp as you would see in movies made today . However , it is full color and still quite decent . The sound quality is slightly disappointing . It is occasionally difficult to make out what is being said , but turning up the volume enough to hear the dialogue clearly in turn makes the music a little too loud for comfort . I have no idea if either the picture quality or the sound have been touched up at all in the DVD version , as I only own the VHS , but neither is enough of a problem to interfere with the enjoyment of the movie , and one can easily forgive these things in a movie made nearly four decades ago . On the whole , this is a terrific family film and is just as touching and fun as it must have been when it first came out . And if you 're the type that gets a kick out of watching your cats watch TV , this one has the potential to catch their interest as well , as it did mine .
 Having first seen this movie in my youth and recently watching it again as an adult , it has never lost its charm or appeal and I think it deserves to stand as one of the most fulfilling and heartwarming family films ever made . As it is based on a true story , that makes it even better . And what a story it is too.Game warden George Adamson and his wife Joy are residents in Kenya , Africa and relate their experiences of raising an orphaned lion cub after the mother has been shot out of self-defense reasons . Actually it is three lion cubs but two are sent off to a zoo and the third , eventually named Elsa , is raised by Joy Adamson . It is interesting and enjoyable to watch the interaction of the cub with the adults and the relationship that grows ever closer between them . Upon raising the cub to maturity , it becomes a difficult time for the Adamson 's knowing that releasing the grown lion into the wild is the only real answer . Due to being tame for so long , it is Joy 's responsibility now to train Elsa to be able to survive on its own and she does an admirable job . When the fateful day finally comes , it tugs at the heart strings to see the emotional effects on the Adamson 's when releasing something they love so dearly . It is also inspiring knowing that they cared so much and did it for all the right reasons . It eventually makes for a wonderful end to a great movie.As for the film particulars , the cinematography is very attractive in Africa and the accompanying music is a perfect compliment to everything else . The acting is so innocent and natural you can almost be fooled into believing this is n't a movie . For being a timeless classic that is now over 4 decades old , this movie stands the test of time and will always be a treasure for anyone and everyone . This is a highly recommended film all around .
 This is one of my favorite movies . I first saw it as a child , and recently ordered the DVD version of the movie from Amazon.com . The movie brought back alot of memories , and I believe it has lost little impact from the time it was originally released in the mid-1960s . The story is a great one , the scsnerey in the movie is beautiful , and the acting is very good . The performance of the lioness in the film is spectacular.What I find particularly pleasing , in comparison with the movies of today , is the absence of human-on-human violence , sex , car chases , explosions , special effects , etc. . This movie stands alone on its own merit - the power of the storyline and the heartwarming , though sad , story of the lioness named Elsa . People of all ages and backgrounds who have a great appreciation for nature and life will definitely enjoy this movie .
 As old of a movie as Born Free is , it will always be a true classic . Based on the true story of Joy and George Adamson and their experiences raising the lioness named Elsa , Born Free is a heartwarming story of unconditional love . When George is called upon to kill a male lion that was known for killing and mauling local people in Kenya , he stumbles across 3 small helpless lion cubs which he brings home . Virginia McKenna and Bill Travers , who play Joy and George Adamson deliver a wonderful performance . Joy and George sucessfully rear these 3 cubs with 2 of them eventually going off to zoos . All 3 cubs were loved and well taken care of but because of Joy 's love and fondness of the 3rd cub she named Elsa , the Adamson 's decided to keep Elsa and raise her themselves with the intention of one day teaching her to hunt on her own and eventually releasing her to be free and survive on her own in the wild . We see the love that can be shared between people and yes , even a lioness . There are many touching moments in this film . Being filmed in Africa , we get to see the beauty of the areas that Elsa roamed and shared with the Adamsons . We experience the heartbreak that Joy endured when it was time to set Elsa free to be on her own . Elsa never forgot her adopted parents and visited them often . The Adamson 's hard work paid off as Elsa returned to the wild and survived on her own and eventually found a mate and gave birth to 3 cubs of her own . There is a part 2 and 3 to Born Free and they are Living Free and Forever Free . Both are great movies as we follow Elsa 's 3 cubs after her death . There are also books written by Joy Adamson with the same titles . This movie will truly touch your heart in many ways . The song Born Free will forever remind me of Elsa and what a special lioness she was along with the Adamsons who succeeded at doing something that no one else had ever done ... . raise a lion cub and return it to the wild to survive and thrive on her own . A must have movie that will always remain a Classic in every way .
 Without bombs , bullet , swear words , light sabers , bathroom humor , or any special effects , this managed to hold a wide age range group 's attention . Other reviewers have commented a lot about the VHS movie , so let me confine my remarks to the DVD.Actually , as DVDs go , this is not so great . The movie makes you very curious about a lot of things
 I bought a couple VHS copies of `` Born Free '' for myself and for my nephews last Christmas , thinking `` that would be a nice , clean movie for kids to have '' , and I was not disappointed . You are instantly struck by the innocence of this movie . As another reviewer on this page wrote , I too cried more watching it as an adult and my husband and I remarked that we were really moved by it . Joy Adamson -LRB- played by Virginia McKenna -RRB- making her tearful speech about Elsa 's right to be free struck us to the heart , that scene alone is enough to make this movie a classic.Since seeing it again I have bought more as gifts for kids and for people who have grandkids . It is the favorite of our 17 month old , we always watch with him and skip the two very brief shooting scenes and the scene where Elsa kills the warthog , mind you these scenes are not graphic at all and they are very brief but he still put two and two together and cried . He was also upset by the cubs knocking over stuff and spilling the milk at first , but he quickly came to understand that that was okay . He loves this movie so much and begs all the time to see it . After seeing it the first time , we found him with his stuffed toys gathered around him `` feeding '' them from his bottle , like Joy and the lion cubs.Due to the movie being made in the 60 's , there is the one pitfall of the movie , the fact that the white characters have black African servants . The main black character is loved by all viewers of the movie , but still , the black employees are clearly in servitude and this jumps out at you ; this element obviously has to be explained to kids but the movie is true to its time in history and of value to children despite this , and perhaps also because of this historical lesson.Kids of all ages that we 've seen watching this , -LRB- who have been raised on today 's kids ' movies that are so full of aggression , violence , sarcasm , etc , -RRB- were not at all bored by this innocent movie but instead were instantly captivated by it . All ages of viewers are so uplifted when Elsa gets to be free and be with her own kind . This movie is so uplifting , it 's about freedom , the dignity of living creatures , compassion , responsibility , love , and hope . Beautiful scenery and animal footage , plus plenty of lighter moments and laughs . Adults get a little chuckle out of the very polite script , straight from the 1960 's , though it is like a breath of fresh air , and of course there 's the wonderful theme song which you will find yourself singing in the car and shower . Get out the popcorn and snuggle the whole family on the couch to watch this one .
 Just saw Will Travers ' interview -LRB- Bill Travers ' son -RRB- on AlJazeera . It is time for this family classic to be on BluRay for a new generation .
 Love it - geat true story to teach children the importance of living free verses a caged animal
 This is a great movie I saw it years ago and it was worth watching again . My girlfriend watched it with me for her first time , and she loved it .
 I saw this when it came out in 1966 or so and got it so that I could share it with my kids . It was an absolute delight to watch with them , starting from the playing of lion cubs in a house to the struggle to re-introduce Elsie into the wild . Of particular interest was the notion that the conventional wisdom about animals is wrong , that a deeper entente and understanding with them is possible if humans would only try.Joy Adamson developed a relationship with Elsie much as a mother would treat a child . Though a dangerous animal to most observers , including her husband 's boss , she loved the lion and influenced her personality development . She then figured out a way to release Elsie into the wild again , which no one had ever succeeded in doing . Finally , a year later , the couple found Elsie and `` visited '' with her and her cubs for an entire day , until her mate called from the distance ; they would return in subsequent years to get to know the cubs . Perhaps I am reading too much into it , but it seems to me that Joy discovered other possibilities of being and communication with a wild animal , which should get us all to think beyond genetic determinism and conventional behavioral models . This is very profound as we contemplate the management of the planet in perilous times.The beauty of our experience is that the kids and I could discuss these issues as well as enjoy the spectacle of an animal film that was fun and very funny yet moving . While I suspect that much of it is fictionalized - the couple later divorced and George Adamson died by recklessly driving at poachers trying to warn him off - the acting is wonderful as is the photography . Warmly recommended .
 After so many reviews by the distinguished people here , very little is left unspoken , if there is at all any.First of all , for any movie goer , this is a MUST . This is a sweet movie of a wonderful true story , performed superbly by the actors and even by the animals -LRB- whom you wo n't like to think as animals after the movie finishes -RRB- . Apart from technicalities -LRB- vivid imagery of Kenya -RRB- , acting and top class music , what I liked most of the movie is the simple , lyrical way it tells us the eternal story of life cycle . Not only of lions or animals , but human being as well , may be of all living beings.Passion and care in grooming Elsa and her siblings were no different than grooming one 's own children -LRB- the couple had no children -RRB- , while the way Elsa has been trained to acclimatized to the world including swimming only reminds us about growing kids . The ultimate test of parenthood for the couple came to teach and facilitate Elsa to have a partner in the wild , which brought in as much excitement , joy , suspense and concern as parents feel when their daughter gets married . The wonder of the movie is , through this cycle of the lions , we remember the eternal cycle of life of human being as well . Starting with Elsa 's cubhood to her motherhood , thereby triggering another set of cubhood - the film charms us with this ageless story of life cycle . A sweet , brilliant and memorable movie .
 the country views were beauitful , the story was happy , sad , and had ending that potrayed real life even if it does not have ahappy ending for the animals that are released .
 I saw this as a child . I liked the movie then and I like it now . I have learned so much of the history of the story and the actors and the real George and Joy Adamson . The continued story including Christian the lion . This story has impacted 6 people deeply . I have been humming the theme song all month . Get this movie and introduce it to another generation of young people . EnjoyableDebra Envall
 my granddaughters fully enjoyed the video . It is a wonderful example of tasteful entertainment for children .
 This movie is an excellent movie for children . I recommend it highly . It can be used as a basis for discussion of several topics , especially the need to preserve wildlife in the wild , the role of zoos , etc. .
 Born Free was a great story for kids of all ages ! I feel like this is something that really brought the family together . You dont find anymore very family friendly movies.The greatest thing about this movie is that it is based on a true story .
 I first saw this movie at age 9 , and it 's never left me . I ca n't say enough good things about it . It sparked a generation to appreciate animals as the individuals they are . Beautifully filmed and acted , by the humans and animals alike , it 's a true classic , with wonderful now-classic music too.Even if you 're not an ` animal person ' , you 'll enjoy and appreciate this film . ******* I HIGHLY RECOMMEND it ******* >> I do n't know why date is given as 1970 , since it was made in early 60 's . NOTE
 The story behind the movie is truly remarkable . The movie is beautiful and moving . I loved it as a child -LRB- ~ 30 years ago -RRB- and loved it as much when watching it again with my son.Read the story behind the movie and the personal stories of Joy and George Adamson .
 This video was as described and arrived on schedule . The movie itself was interesting and fun to watch . My daughter and I are reading the book together and it was fun to see the video to supplement our reading experience .
 I watched this movie all the time when I was a young girl and loved it . I wanted to watch it with my 8 year old daughter who loves animals too . She loved it .
 Beautiful . Fascinating and touching relationship between the Author and the beautiful animal she rescued , Elso . A testimony of the strength and bond , yet the ability for all animals to return to the wild ... I loved this book
 Initially , I watched it for my love of animals . But this is an amazing story . I love Elsa and was warmed in my belly . Happy and sad is the best way to describe it . I was on an emotional roller coaster . I have a love hate relationship with this movie . Great job !
 I greatly enjoyed watching this movie . The quality is surprising despite how old the film is . This will always be a great classic lion movie ! During the scene with the elephants , you can hear a clip that I 'm positive was later used for the Tie Fighter sound in Star Wars.Packaging ***** ; 3Quality **** :3 -LRB- It 's in color ! And I 'm sure it 's pretty good for how old the movie is . -RRB- Acting **** :3 Presentation ***** ; 3Overall ***** ; 3
 `` Born Free '' is a true classic ! The interested reader can refer to the many reviews for details about the movie ! It is excellent viewing for families , children , etc. . There are a few moments in which the movie drags along - making it boring at those moments for children of 2011 . that 's when adults can engage children with questions about the film , characters , lions , savannah , etc. , until it picks back up . films were a bit longer back in 1970 than 2011 . it is made well . it is not like many of current movies - 15 second longer camera shots per viewing , fine film , smooth transitions ... that 's part of what makes it great . everyone who knows me knows that i assign a grade to everything which i review . this film , in my opinion , merits a grade of `` A - '' . I recommend this film for families , children , students of cinematography , etc. .
 Good movie DVD ... Born Free ... I have always liked this movie ... I love animal movies ... I will donate this to the pubic library so other people may enjoy it also ! ~
 My 7 year old daughter and I absolutely loved the movie . Never mind the 1960 's stiff acting and fairly poor picture quality by todays standards . This movie will steal your heart ! The loving relationship between husband and wife , the wonderful shots of nature and the tight bond between a wild animal and his human mother ... it 's simply a heartwarming movie ! Note
 I loved this movie when I watched it again many yesrs after loving it as a child . It 's heartwarming and worth owning ! Kudos to the Adamsons . They are now my heros .
 I watched this movie when I was a little kid and I wanted my kids to enjoy it as much as I did . And they did ! They loved it ! I did n't think I could find it , and to my suprise it was even on dvd ! Yeah !!!!!
 I thought the movie was great really good family viewing my 2 girls loved it the story and quality of camera work was outstanding a lot of laughs and a few tears were shed .
 A beautiful film , with stunning cinematography of the Kenyan landscape and the myriad creatures who inhabit it , `` Born Free '' is also a touching tale of love and sacrifice . The childless Adamsons raise Elsa almost as their own offspring , then confront the necessity of sending her away . Just how they accomplish this is both selfless and painstaking . Grand score by John Barry only adds to the visual and emotional sweep of this ideal family movie .
 It may be hard to believe that there were classic family films created in the 60 's by anyone other than Disney . This movie is an example of a very good and classic family film , one where the only car chase is after a lion , there are no video games to be seen anywhere , and the central themes of the movie are love and that wild things should live free.This movie is based on a book by Joy Adamson by the same name and chronicles her and her husband 's experiences with a trio of lion cubs . Eventually two of the cubs are sent to a zoo , but the third lion , a lioness that Joy calls Elsa , remains with Joy and her husband George . Of course , lions are wild animals and they can live with people for only so long . Joy is faced with the need to have Elsa sent to a zoo . Joy is unable to think of Elsa being caged when she has been free for her whole life , so she attempts what had not been done before ; repatriation of a captive lion back into the wild.Elsa and her husband worked long , hard and with a lot of frustration , despaired that Elsa would never be able to go back to the wild , or that she would die as a result of their attempts . All along the way you can see Joy Adamson 's love for Elsa and her need to see Elsa be able to return to the wild.Andy Williams sings `` Born Free '' to accompany the end of the movie . This song is one of Andy Williams ' best . If you are familiar with this song you will recognize portions of it throughout the movie as a recurring theme.This movie is simple and heart-warming . There are a few moderately violent scenes , but I would consider this movie appropriate for children of all ages , though with parents watching when the youngest family members watch . This kind of movie is rare in any age , and one to be treasured .
 I was trying to remember just why I never saw this film when it first came out -- or subsequently when it might have been shown on TV -- when it occurred to me that it was released in 1966 when I was 13 , just at the age when I was suddenly less interested in `` kids ' stuff '' like BORN FREE and increasingly interested in HELP or A HARD DAY 'S NIGHT . But deep down , I had always liked animal flicks , and maybe even then -- at least in the back of my mind -- figured I 'd catch up with this tale of a tame lionness , whose `` human companions '' attempt to re-train in the ways of the wild.Viewing the film as an adult , I can see that I probably would have liked it well enough as a youngster , and can agree with the majority of reviewers below , that it is a solid , engaging `` family film , '' and a pleasant alternative to much of the brash , jaded and bankrupt fare offered to kids nowadays . It seems pretty wholesome by comparison.Like many family films of the era , however , it was also relatively low budget and not all that `` well made '' a product . The story is a bit on the sketchy side , and you can see the filmmakers making a very deliberate effort to compress the contents of Joy Adamson 's book into a 90 minute film . One example that comes to mind are the references to Joy 's husband 's near-fatal battle with malaria . His initial bout is never shown , only referred to in a voice over by actress Virginia McKenna , who plays Joy . Well , fair enough , I figured , it 's not that essential to the story of Elsa , the lionness , and it might be disturbing to younger viewers , so leave it out . But then , a later relapse is portrayed in pretty graphic detail . It seems to come almost out of the blue , and will likely confuse younger viewers who may not have seen it coming from the brief mention in the voiceover narration.Films aimed at children , and their families , often seem to cut corners this way . In the case of a film based on real life , as this one is , there is also the question of just how much dramatic license to take . I never read Adamson 's book on which the film is based , but it seems like the movie version must have hewed fairly closely to the text . There are scenes such as the `` roving lion in the night '' sequence that promise some drama -- and some danger -- only to pretty much peter out in the end.If that 's the case , the filmmakers are actually to be commended for not taking too many liberties with the text . But better direction , overall pacing and editing can help spice up scenes like these , ones where the action is muted , because in real life , the danger really did pass , or was not as great as it seemed to begin with.None of this is meant to suggest that the film is not worth seeing . They really DO N'T make 'em like this any more . Nowadays , Elsa would have had to engage in a battle royal with the roving lion that prowls around the camp at night , and the computer graphics would be dazzling but ultimately misleading . Parents and children alike will appreciate this film 's slower pace , its implicit message on the reverence and preservation of the natural world -LRB- an even more vital question today than it was then -RRB- . In an era when the need to protect and preserve wildlife and its habitat is even clearer than it was 40 years ago , BORN FREE serves as a reminder that there is much work to be done -- but that it 's well worth the effort .
 Propelled by Matt Munro 's Sinatra-esque rendition of the memorable title tune , this family-friendly nature film directed by James Hill was a must-see when it was originally released in 1966 . Four decades later , the song has become a anthem-like clich&eacute; for all subsequent animal-freeing stories , and I 'm actually surprised at the implied graphic nature of some of the scenes , in particular , the opening lion attack which spurs British game warden George Adamson to kill the man-eating parents of Elsa and her two sister cubs . However , the heart of the story is still his wife Joy 's true-story account of raising and freeing Elsa into the wild to survive rather than suffer the fate of her siblings who are exiled to the Rotterdam Zoo . The stunning Kenya locations and carefully trained lions bring this involving story to life , but credit should also be given to Virginia McKenna 's proud , touching performance as Joy.McKenna makes us see Elsa through her eyes as she mothers the cub only to be forced to come to terms with what the animal 's natural instincts should be . Bill Travers , McKenna 's real-life husband , plays George , though he is there mostly to be Joy 's support system . Because the film only runs a brief 95 minutes , the story can feel episodic and disjointed , giving precious little time to related plot points such as George 's drug dependency from malaria and how Joy 's reasoning is clouded by her focused affection for Elsa . Fleshing out these aspects could have made for a more rounded portrait of the Adamsons . As it stands , it is still a stunningly photographed adventure film documentary-like in cinematic style but leavened by its heartfelt approach . It 's no wonder McKenna and Travers remained active in the conservation movement for years afterward . The 2002 DVD offers a relatively clean print , though the wear-and-tear is still evident , and trailers for the film and its 1972 sequel , Living Free .
 This movie won the 1966 Academy Awards for song and best score shared by John Barry and Don Black which is sung by Frank Sinatra ; I 'm surprised it did n't win more awards than it did because this is my all time favorite movie ! I saw this with my parents a few years after it came out in 1965 ; I cry every time , love everything about this picture . Love the lions !!! Especially Elsa who hung around until the local government got tired of her antics . The maturing Elsa begins to attract wild male lions and pretty soon , it becomes all too clear it 's either the zoo or the African savannah . She came to the Adamson 's East African residence when she was a little cub , her parents shot and killed by her soon to be foster father , George Adamson , the game warden for the area . Getting Elsa to adjust back to life in the wild is no easy matter and is the major part of the story.The Adamsons in the movie , Travers and McKenna , were married in real life . I think Virginia McKenna 's performance really made this movie . It looks like she did n't make tons of movies but has always been admired for her performances in the ones she did , sometimes winning nominations for them . For years after making the movie , she and her husband became active in conservation issues establishing the Born Free Foundation with their oldest son in 1991 . She 's also written a few books on the subject . The story is true and follows very closely the book written by the real Joy Adamson . Not even cursing is found in this movie !
 More tragedy on the plains of Africa ... Astonishingly , Joy Adamson and George Adamson were both murdered , in 1980 and 1989 respectively.Joy 's death was originally thought to be due to a lion mauling , according to the autopsy report . Then it was hinted that she had been murdered with a weapon which inflicted wounds similar to a lion 's ... traces of metal in the cut flesh . Finally , Paul Nakware Ekai , one of the compound 's employees , was charged and convicted of her murder . He initially admitted to stabbing Joy , later stating that she had shot him in the foot , and he , in turn , of shooting her three times . Her temperament was not , by some accounts , remotely similar to Miss McKenna 's . George was shot and killed by Somali bandits while coming to the aid of another safari.Parenthetically , Dian Fossey -LRB- Gorillas in the Mist -RRB- was brutally murdered in 1985 . Her true assailant , a government official , has recently been charged with her murder , though two others were earlier convicted of the crime , Kangaroo-Court style.The 1980 's were bad years for prominent naturalists .1966 was a good vintage for great films
 We watched this superb movie with our children 35 years back and now are injoying it again with our grandchildren . In a time of too many action movies and movies with too much violance this film is an excellent way to bring some quiet into the home
 A real story and it is touching . As an animal lover myself , I love this movie .
 Thank God for people like Ian and Virginia McKenna and for the beauty of the African Bush and her animals which is , in this story so magnificently demonstrated . The beauty , both glorious and heartbreaking of the story of Elsa and the McKennas will stay with you forever .
 I never knew about this movie so I was curious to watch it . It was so good movie . It made me cried that mother lion died & left 2 younger cubs w / George & Joy . It was true story , wow !
 A very touching story . The film made it so real.I was keeping thinking how was it filmed.highly recommend
 Saw this movie when it first came out in the early '60s . Quality of the DVD is very good . It 's what made me love the big cats and I 've loved and respected them ever since . If I could , I 'd devote my life to them as George and Joy Adamson did .
 Great movie for kids and it is a true story !
 THIS IS AN EXCELLENT MOVIE , THE QUALITY IS NOT AS GOOD AS IT SHOULD BE , BUT ITS GREAT TO WATCH AFTER ALL THESE YEARS
 I had not seen this movie for many years , so watching it now it seemed a little bit dated . It still holds your attention and carries a timeless message . A great family movie with nice wildlife footage . I thought the DVD transfer was very good , but no extras was a let down .
 Educational film about the life of lions and their keepers . I had NO CLUE that the KING ? of the JUNGLE was more into GTL than the female , how on earth did this instinctual -LRB- ? -RRB- behavior evolve ? Queen Bee I comprehend , but Hunt , Kill , Have Kids , Raise Kids , Defer to KINGY until he is satisfied , I was shocked , understand a human male desiring this lazy existence but a phenomenal animal worthy of great physical feats of challenging duels with other comparable animals and yet , nada ??? Loved the story and could not believe that lioness just jumped up on the diminuitive female trainer like a lab retriever and she held her own !! More impressive was the relationship portrayed in the film between the humans , Mom n Dad . In the middle of the desert for years , rather alone with each other 24/7 and it looks soooo easy like clockwork and what a delightful existence and feeling sad for my contentious relationships ONLY to discover they drove each other crazy !!! sigh , feel better now ... . Great film for animal lovers and this one especially for the magnificent scenery and accomplishments of reverting tame to wild for survival .
 The movie was excellent . We saw it with our 2 grandsons , ages 8 and 11 .
 My kids are 4 and 2 . They were given Lion King last summer and have become Lion freaks - LOVE 'EM ! Then I remembered this movie from my own childhood and ordered it for them . The story of a British game-keeper , George , and his wife , Joy , who adopt a Lioness cub , Elsa , and raise her in their African home . It was made in the 60 's before politically correctness became the modern facism it is , so there is some hunting -LRB- guns are pointed and fired but nothing more is shown -RRB- , and one scary scene at the beginning when a rogue lion attacks an African woman at the riverside -LRB- the woman screams and the river reddens - we skip that scene -RRB- . But the rest is a lot of wonderful scenes of a well-loved lioness overturning the housewares , riding on the hood of their jeep , sleeping on their cot , and generally dominating their lives in a most fantastic way , before they train her to live free again in the wild . Its a lovely story that could never be told quite this way again , and we love it .
 A classic film that is still very watchable and one for ther whole family to enjoy . I am fortunate enough to have known the Stills Cameraman . -LRB- John Jay -RRB- for this film so it is particularly poinient for me.In fact he wrote a book about is experiences on this film call ` Any Old lion '
 Born FreeThis movie was great when it was in the theatres and it is great on DVD . A good print well preserved and the sound intact . In widescreen it is great so you can experience the vastness of the landscape.The story is great . It is a pleasure to watch over and over . They should make more movies like this one .
 I showed this video to a group of high school students and it was `` new '' for all of them . They were all entranced with it and it is just so nice to view a great movie without worring about language or other inappropriate content .
 I saw this movie when I was a child and just fell in love with Elsa the lion . When I found it was on DVD I had to purchase it . It is a classic and if you love animals you will love this movie .
 I am a huge animal lover , but somehow I had never seen this movie . The `` Christian the lion '' clip really got me interested in that story which led me to this story.This movie was positively fantastic . The storyline was heartwarming in itself , but the landscape was breathtaking.This movie was a real treat and I am sure that I will enjoy watching it again and again .
 This was a movie that I had seen with my mother years ago , and that I had never seen and always wanted to . . it was absolutely awesome , and affected both my wife and myself profoundly . This is a timeless movie that will always have the power to move people in ways that will reach far into the soul . I ended up doing quite a bit of research into animal rights organizations , and also ordered the movie Christian ` the lion at Worlds End ' another movie involving Virgina McKenna and Bill Travers , although more peripherally than Born Free , and more about the two men that ` adopted ' Christian after buying him in Harrods and then wanted to return him to the wild and enlisted the Travers couples ' help . Also an incredible true story and we were very glad that the money spent on both movies goes towards helping these wonderful animals .
 What can I say , a real classic film that always brings tears to my eyes . Kids will enjoy this film too . If you have n't seen it , buy it !
 The acting is bad , the dialogue is sometimes corny , and the production is certainly dated ... but this is a PERFECT movie . I cry each and every time Elsa appears from the brush in the beautiful reunion .
 Our son loved this classic movie . We watched it as kids and now our kids are able to enjoy it .
 I bought this movie for my mom who was touched by it many years ago . It brings a tear to her eye every time she watches it .
 This movie was a `` made for TV '' movie broadcast in the mid-1960 's . It touched my young heart then , and it still does today , despite the passing of many decades . The story of Elsa the Lioness is truly a story of heartbreak , love , and inspiration . Joy and George Adamson become the `` parents '' of three orphaned lion cubs . They tenderly raise them to young adulthood and then send two away to a zoo , while Elsa remains with them . Joy Adamson refused to send Elsa to a zoo and instead teaches her how to live free in the wilds of Kenya . You will cry tears of joy as you watch this story unfold and then conclude . Suitable for family viewing , this is a wonderful film for the entire family to love and enjoy . Most highly recommended.kone
 Wonderful story , beautifully shot , does not get old . Highly recommended . Saw it over 30 years ago and it does not look dated .
 I balled my eyes out so be prepared . This was an extremely touching story ! I was amazing the entire time . You have to watch it !
 I had watched this movie a lot when I first saw it . I fell in love with it . I thought Elsa was so cute ! She is a very cute baby cub , at least when she was a cub.Let me tell you a little about it : The cub was first found when George Adamson , which is Bill Travers , goes on a hunting trip . He finds three lion cubs and takes them home for his wife Joy Adamson , which is Virginia Mckenna . They name the cubs Big One , Lastica , and Elsa . They had to sell two cubs , and Elsa gets kept.About two years later , Elsa shows an interest in going off on her own . The Adamsons train her how to hunt and get along with other lions . A year later , she has three cubs of her own , and she lives happily for ever.I loved lions ever since I watched this movie , and I hope you would enjoy this movie too .
 `` Born Free '' -LRB- 1965 -RRB- is a great film for animal lovers , especially cat lovers . It tells the story of a couple living in Africa who come across three orphan lion cubs and keep one female , whom they name Elsa . Later they are pressured to give Elsa up to a zoo , but the woman ca n't because , as she argues , Elsa was born free and should therefore live free . She 'd never be happy in a zoo.Unfortunately , Elsa has become too tame as a result of living with the couple . Can Elsa ever adapt to the wild or will she be condemned to a cage in a zoo?The footage of Elsa with the couple is amazing . She 's like their pet cat ! I 'd love to have a lioness pet to hug and pat and walk around the yard with!Shot in beautiful Kenya , the film runs 95 minutes.GRADE
 This is a a must watch , feel good movie for all ages . You might feel the initial 15 min slow but the story develops from there .
 Great true story that I can view many times with the same response ! I enjoy it each time I see it !
 A British game warden in Kenya along with his wife adopt a baby lion named Elsa orphaned after her mother was shot . Elsa is cute and rambunctious , eventually wearing out her acceptance after stampeding a herd of elephants , causing damage to local houses and crops . Told to send her to a zoo , they instead commit to teaching her to become wild and live among her fellow lions . After a great deal of frustration and some scary moments involving Elsa fighting with other lions , they eventually succeed . Most incredible , Elsa returns to visit them from time to time , bringing her cubs with her .
 I had been talking about this movie with my 7 yr old , and found it at the library ... She watched it so much that after I returned it she missed it ... so I bought it , she loves this movie . I rented Living Free , and she really dislikes it , when asked why - it 's because `` the acters are not the same and they never show feels , no tragidy in their voice when Elsa died '' and `` the lady was wearing too much makeup '' .
 I love Elsa as a child and I still love her today . I showed this film to my class for character education . It brought out the sentiments in even my trouble makers ! The movie encompasses a aura of beauty and unconditional love between man and creature .
 Along with Lassie Come Home , Born Free is probably the gold standard of animal movies in terms , and there 's a lot to like in this story of Joy Adamson and her gamekeeper husband trying to return the domesticated lioness Elsa to the wild
 I have two young boys and they both enjoyed this movie , and want to watch it again -- always a good endorsement . The animals are adorable , and you also get a true lesson about wildlife and what it takes to survive . Only one truly scary scene at the beginning was tolerated by the youngest -- it was not as graphic as it could have been . It is truly a cute , funny and instructional film .
 I used to watch this movie all the time when I was little and love it . It has remained one of my favorite movies through out my life and always well be . It is a very powerful true story , the acting is excellent and it has a lot of emotion . It is a film that I recommend highly . A very beautiful story that will cause to fall in love with Elsa , the lioness . Definitely a film to see .
 It may be hard to believe that there were classic family films created in the 60s by anyone other than Disney . This movie is an example of a very good and classic family film , one where the only car chase is after a lion , there are no video games to be seen anywhere , and the central themes of the movie are love and that wild things should live free.This movie is based on a book by Joy Adamson by the same name , and chronicles her and her husband 's experiences with a trio of lion cubs . Eventually two of the cubs are sent to a zoo , but the third lion , a lioness that Joy calls Elsa , remains with Joy and her husband George . Of course , lions are wild animals and they can live with people for only so long , and Joy is faced with the need to have Elsa sent to a zoo . Joy is unable to think of Elsa being caged when she has been free for her whole life , so she attempts what had not been done before , repatriation of a captive lion back into the wild.Elsa and her husband work long , hard and with a lot of frustration , despairing that Elsa would never be able to go back to the wild , or that she would die as a result of their attempts . All along the way you can see Joy Adamson 's love for Elsa and her need to see Elsa be able to return to the wild.Andy Williams sings `` Born Free '' to accompany the end of the movie . This song is one of Andy Williams ' best . If you are familiar with this song you will recognize portions of it are used throughout the movie as a recurring theme.This movie is simple and heart-warming . There are a few moderately violent scenes , but I would consider this movie appropriate for children of all ages , though with parents watching when the youngest family members watch . This kind of movie is rare in any age , and one to be treasured .
 It shows the beauty and wildlife of African bush , shows the deep love that the Adamsons had for Elsa.The end was lovely too . A touching story made into a lovely video .
 No spoilers . If you like animal stories , you 'll love the story of Elsa . There is humor , suspense , sorrow and joy in this movie . Great family fare . The musical score won an Academy Award . I watch it every time I see it listed on TV . Decided it was time to add it to my collection . Hope you enjoy it as much as I do .
 Saw this movie as a kid and just now saw it again with my 8 year old son . A couple of suspenseful moments when he thought someone would get eaten by a lion -LRB- and thankfully , other than the opening scene , they did n't -RRB- but otherwise it was entirely age-appropriate . We were both very touched by the story and the amazing footage of real lions . Great film !
 As the story opens , George Adamson -LRB- Bill Travers -RRB- , a game warden in Kenya , is bringing three orphan lion cubs home to be cared for by his wife , Joy -LRB- Virginia McKenna -RRB- . Raised as pets , two of them are eventually sent away to zoos , but the third , Elsa , was especially loved and they decided to keep her . Of course , that soon became impossible , so they set about rehabilitating her back into the wild knowing she might not survive , but feeling she must have the chance to live free.In the 1950s , no one had ever reintroduced an animal to the wild , and the Adamses were the first animal lovers to do so . Travers and McKenna are wonderful as the couple and went on to become animal activists after the filming of the movie . Geoffrey Keene -LRB- the ` Minister of Defence ' in six James Bond movies -RRB- gives able support as George 's boss . The Kenyan landscape photography is simply breathtaking and the lions , at various stages of development , are adorable.John Barry won Academy Awards for both his score and song , which are truly iconic and guaranteed to have you reaching for the tissues . This beautiful , inspiring , and unforgettable movie is a must-see for animal lovers .
 Why did n't this masterpiece receive more attention ? Was it marketing ? Talk about comedy with meaning - this movie has it all ! AND Meryl Streep 's rendition of Shel Silverstein 's `` I 'm Checking Out of Heartbreak Hotel '' is a classic . I wish they made movies like this today !
 One of the funniest movies ever , but then again , we like behind the scenes Hollywood .
 Postcards from the Edge is not a sappy , been-there-done-that comedy . It 's actually a movie with a lot of heart and spirit that just happens to be funny . This movie 's been classified as an overall comedy , but I felt it dwindled between two genres
 Sad and funny story of Carrie Fisher 's life . -LRB- Daughter of Debbie Reynolds and Eddie Fisher -RRB-
 Postcards From The Edge is a wonderful , edgy comedy with a tightly written script , wonderful lead performances , and it is littered with cameos and small roles that give a industry-insider feel without detracting from the story . If you love State & Main ... you need to watch this as well .
 This is a great story based on Carrie Fisher and her mother and their relationship . Of course Shirley MacLaine is exceptional as always but Meryl Streep surprised me with her talent for singing -LRB- this was long before Prairie Home Companion ! -RRB- Really entertaining .
 I think most women can relate to this tale regardless of the profession . For some mothers and daughters there 's a constant struggle for approval and independence . A lot of times we are both the cause and the solution to our problems and it 's never easy to view your parents as just human beings who screw up every once in a while . Meryl and Shirley are great together and each have created memoriable characters .
 This is one of the funniest and smartest movies I 've ever seen . And an absolutely wonderful performance by Shirley MacLaine . Who knew Meryl Streep could sing ? Terrific !
 I love the acting.I love the story.And I looove the dialogue.I even love Meryl Streep 's singing ! Really ! Even when she sings country , and I do n't like that !
 I 've always loved this film . It has great dialog , great casting , great production and direction . Carrie Fisher wrote the screeplay based on her book , and her commentary on the film is very insightful , honest and funny . She discusses her rehab from drug addiction and her relationship with her mother , Debbie Reynolds . She points how the film differs from her real relationships with her family , discusses the writing process and how she had never written a screenplay before and was n't sure how to do . And , of course , she 's very funny on top of everything else . Buy the movie because its a good movie . The commentary is the icing on the cake .
 4.5 stars . The best thing about this DVD , besides the great script and fantastic cast of fine actors , is the price . Brand new , this DVD is under ten dollars ?! I should write this review emphasizing that fact alone . As for the writing , it is excellent and witty and cerebral and dramatic , and it is all the more evident with all the incredible actors making the words their own . This exceptional cast includes former Oscar-winners Meryl Streep , Shirley MacLaine , Gene Hackman , and Richard Dreyfuss . Dennis Quaid , Rob Reiner , and Annette Bening also have good performances here and are worth mentioning . But the finest actor in this film is Meryl Streep , with yet another Oscar-nominated performance , this time showing great comedic timing with hilarious expressions and delivering her dialogue with impeccable precision . I 'll stop now , before I wax rhapsodic . The script is sharp and intelligent , the acting is superb all around , and the price for this DVD is amazing ! Thank you .
 Great cinematic rendition of Carrie Fisher 's semi-autobiographical novel with wonderful performances from Shirley MacLaine as the aging screen queen and Meryl Streep as her star-druggie daughter . The cameos are wonderful ... Richard Dreyfuss as the doc who pumps Streep 's stomach ?! Gene Hackman as Streep 's suffering director ... the list goes on . The `` bad '' thing is that we 're left with one big unanswered question - when is Meryl Streep going to record a real album ? Her voice is incredible ! Fun , funny , and all too true - this one 's a winner .
 What a revelation . I never knew what a movie could be until this film . Sweet , sentimental , dramatic , heart-wrenching and fall-down funny all in one movie . Meryl Streep shines and is more accessible than ever before . Shirley MacLaine is luminous as ever . Mary Wickes -LRB- Grandma -RRB- is hilarious and ended a wonderful career with this and `` Sister Act , '' forever cementing herself as a 20th century fixture . Robin Bartlett -LRB- Aretha -RRB- is also a delight . A wonderfully written and awesomely acted story . Highest of recommendations for one and all , especially anyone who 's interested in the `` behind the scenes '' aspect of Hollywood .
 This movie has so many great lines in it that you 'll have to see it five times to get them all . The great thing is that you 'll WANT to see it five times . Meryl Streep is unbelievably good in this movie , yet Annette Bening steals a great scene from her with a cameo that made her famous . The book was brilliant and redundant and confusing all at once , but this movie is brilliant and nothing else . Do n't miss this one !
 Shirley Maclaine & Meryl Streep were both nominated for Oscars with this movie . Neither won ; but they should have ! The chemistry Streep & Maclaine have is pure magic and they are so totally synergetic that you believe they are mother & daughter and you end the movie wishing this were a weekly show just about them and their quirky existance in Hollywood . The small parts by Gene Hackman & Dennis Quaid are priceless . If you want laughs , tears , and GREAT acting then spend an evening curled up with Postcards from the Edge !
 Hilarious ! Meryl Streep and Shirley MacLaine are right on the mark with this sharp and clever story by Carrie Fisher . Both hand in performances that are close to comic perfection . With a star-studded supporting cast , a story we can somehow all relate too despite its Hollywood overtones and low-key hysterics throughout , this is a DVD you 'll want for your collection .
 This film , based on Carrie Fisher 's novel , is a quirkey look at the flipside of fame . An aging actress must come to grips with her blossomming addictions , her famous movie mom , and her lack of life outside of work . Her personal relationships are focused on and how she can get back on track - or can she ? I rate this film 41/2 stars simply because Meryl Streep is just so good and Shirley MacLean is phenominal ! Enjoy !
 It takes a pretty spectacular person to take a difficult childhood , drug addictions , and relationships gone wrong , and turn all that into a screenplay that is funny and witty . That 's exactly what Carrie Fisher did in Postcards from the Edge , a must-see movie . And do n't miss Fisher 's comments in the DVD , in which she shows how witty and brutally honest she is .
 This movie was such a refreshing change for Meryl Streep . She truly shined in a brillant comedic performance as Suzanne Vale , a middle-aged movie actress struggling with drug addiction , her relationship with her aloof mother -LRB- Shirley MacLaine -RRB- and the challenges of day to day life . What impressed me the most about Meryl Streep is that you get to see her as a normal , frumpy woman . Basically , someone you could relate to and sympathize with . Finally , you get a chance to see Meryl in a film that does n't take place in some era/period with extravagant costumes and accents . Ofcourse , many of you already know that this film is based on actress , Carrie Fisher 's , bestselling book of the same name . The dialogue is so witty and fresh that I envy all the actors who got to opportunity to bring the words to life . One of my favourite scenes is between Suzanne and her mother on the staircase . In the scene , Suzanne confronts her mother about giving her sleeping pills when she was a child . She also confronts her about holding her back . A few memorable lines
 The insider here telling all is Carrie Fisher -LRB- of Princess Leia fame -RRB- , daughter of crooner Eddie Fisher and songstress Debbie Reynolds . Carrie adapted the screenplay from her best-selling novel of the same name in which she tells us what it 's like -LRB- through her protagonist Suzanne Vale -RRB- to drug rehab Hollywood style . As a writer she has a sharp eye for the hypocrisy of movie land culture , dysfunctional relationships , and a splendid gift for cutting one-liners . Her dialogue made the book , and is the heart and soul of the movie . Here are a few examples : `` Instant gratification takes too long . '' -LRB- A takeoff on , and a reinvention of , the doper 's `` Too much is never enough . '' -RRB- '' ... Endolphin rush . '' -LRB- Annette Bening corrects with , `` You mean enDORphin rush . '' -RRB- `` I am so glad that I got sober now so I can be hyper-conscious for this series of humiliations . '' -LRB- Suzanne Vale on her life without the deadening effect of drugs . -RRB- Playing Carrie Fisher 's alter ego is Meryl Streep , one of the great actresses of our time , while Shirley MacLaine , another outstanding star , plays the mother.Streep is nearly flawless as always . She just demands the camera , and she has extraordinary talent . In the finale she sings a country and western song -LRB- from Carly Simon , by the way -RRB- and she does a great job . But she seems almost absurd in the police uni -LRB- playing a part in a movie within a movie -RRB- . She does n't seem to be achieving a comedic effect and then she does , just this side of the ridiculous . But , as usual with Steep , when the camera gets on her face , we believe her.Particularly telling was the opening scene , nicely directed by Mike Nichols . I could see the familiar Palos Verdes cliffs and the shots of the ocean below . As I waited for the SoCal scene to unfold -LRB- actually it was supposed to be Mexico -RRB- I thought , `` Gee , this looks like a cheap MOW set , '' and I continued to be fooled as Streep is hauled from customs by the customs officer and slapped . It is only when they go to `` cut ! '' and the movie within the movie is exposed that I realized why the set looked cheap . -LRB- Because it was supposed to ! -RRB- Streep sold the scene within the scene , and irony , she was supposed to be doing a terrible job because of her character 's drug dependency.Somehow a scene with Meryl Streep in it never drags . Maybe she guides the direction and the editing . Thinking back -LRB- this is the first movie of hers I 've seen in years -RRB- to Sophie 's Choice , for example -- 1982 best actress Oscar and other honors -- she has n't changed much except that she 's a little more relaxed , and while her concentration is still total , there is a touch less urgency in her performance . I 've heard people complain about her mannerisms , that head to the side so that the corner of the mouth goes up , a little defensive smile , and then the flash of eyes , comes to mind , and some others ; but compared with say , Dustin Hoffman or -LRB- horrors -RRB- John Wayne , she 's as pure as Olivier.I liked her timing on the '' . . And you were n't wearing any underwear '' line -LRB- talking about the embarrassment of her drunk mother showing her legs at a party in the past -RRB- . Shirley MacLaine is , if anything , even better here as -- dare I say it ? -- `` Debbie Reynolds , '' one part alcoholic , one part stage mom , and one part frustrated actress jealous of her daughter 's youth and talent , all parts overbearing . I recall Shirley MacLaine as a young woman . I can see her in Can-Can -LRB- 1960 -RRB- showing off those gorgeous legs -LRB- she shows her legs here too , but I cringed along with her daughter -RRB- . She was pretty , healthy and busting her bodice as a young actress , and I liked her , but she was never more than a popular actress . Then came , Terms of Endearment -LRB- 1983 -RRB- . Shirley MacLaine is the classic example of the actress who really learned how to act as she got older , not unlike Betty Davis , who also got better as she aged . Shirley MacLaine -LRB- Warren Beatty 's sister , one recalls -RRB- did get an academy award nomination for The Apartment -LRB- 1960 -RRB- with Jack Lemmon , but did not win.I liked the hospital scene here at the end , mother and daughter renewing their bonds , Shirley without her wig , and no make-up . You know you 've got a serious actress when she will let herself look naturally terrible for the camera!This is a true tinsel town original in which Hollywood self-analyzes in public , to be ranked in the vicinity of Sunset Boulevard -LRB- 1950 -RRB- and The Player -LRB- 1992 -RRB- -- in different ways , of course -- for giving us a glimpse of what it 's really like to live the dream . -LRB- Or is it a nightmare ? -RRB-
 i must say every year !! i watch her movie , falling in love , like a cheating christmas movie lol i seen this on Tv few weeks ago & had to buy one !! she 's a amazing woman !!! very great actress !! i did n't know she sang ? WOW in this movie she does great !! came on time , packaged great !!
 This must be my third copy of ` Postcards from the Edge ' - first one was a VHS tape -LRB- I just wore it out with overuse -RRB- then the next one was locally bought here in Australia - but that got pinched by one of my adopted Bhutanese kids and it has since vanished into the extended family . I was informed at every local DVD store it was `` no longer available '' and so I looked to the internet and eventually found it on Amazon -LRB- ` eventually ' - probably took ten minutes -RRB- . I love this film for so many reasons ; the insight into Hollywood is one major reason - seeing Meryl Streep in anything is always a great thing . I love Shirley MacLaine when she is playing an American particularly if she is singing as well as acting . Like Shirl , I seriously do not understand why she was n't given an Academy Award for her role as Doris in this semi-autobiographic film written by Carrie Fisher -LRB- at least a nomination -RRB- . Three things
 Rated `` R '' . Running Time
 Shirley Maclaine is the mother you would n't want to have !! But at the same time , , how could you not ? And Meryl Streep is priceless , , , she is incapable of a bad job . I love them both and we all thoroughly enjoyed the movie , , , a great Date Movie !
 This is a great vehicle for Meryl Streep and Shirley MacLaine , with cameos thrown in by Richard Dreyfus , Gene Hackman , Dennis Quaid and Rob Reiner , and a small role for Annette Bening -LRB- who was not well known at the time -RRB- . The second time I saw it on its original release , in Orange County , CA , my friend and I were the only ones laughing through the whole movie . -LRB- Did the audience think it was a documentary ? -RRB- Now it 's the movie I watch whenever I need a pick me up . The movie satirizes Hollywood and show business , but also reflects -LRB- in a funny way -RRB- on their impact on the real lives of the people within that bubble . The best part about movie though is Streep 's two musical numbers - the first , `` You Do n't Know Me , '' reluctantly sung at the insistence of MacLaine 's character at a surprise party , and a rousing `` I 'm Checkin ' Out '' -LRB- from this heartbreak hotel -RRB- at the end -- are wonderful . Of course the writing by Carrie Fisher is what makes the movie . -LRB- This movie led to her career as a `` script doctor '' in Hollywood . -RRB- One of my favorite movies .
 Meryl 's character is n't really allowed to blossom and/or shine among the equally uninteresting characters she has to work with . I would n't have finished watching it but for her valiant effort to break through the muddy material .
 I can hardly believe I saw this film for the first time this past weekend . One can hardly go wrong with Meryl Streep and Shirley MacLaine in leading roles . As always they are superb in this film . But then , back them up with Gene Hackman , Dennis Quaid , Richard Dreyfuss , Annette Benning and others and it is icing on the cake . That fact that it is semi-autobiographical makes it all the more fascinating to watch .
 This is Meryl at her funny best . What more can you say when the screenplay is based on the best selling book by Carrie Fisher ! And Carrie wrote the screenplay too ! Ms. Fisher is well known in Hollywood as THE person to call if your script needs `` pumping up '' . She calls herself a `` Script Nurse '' !! Too funny ! And yes , she is very well paid for her services ! By the way , Annette Benning got her big break in this film ! She played the actress playing the hooker on the movie set . She only had a few lines , but everyone said `` WHO WAS THAT ? '' !! . Hollywood took notice . . the rest is history ! Shirley M. 's caracter IS the fading Hollywood star . She is so full of life . . and herself !! Anyway , this is an excellent , entertaining movie . A Mike Nichols directed film , so you can bet it 's top notch !!!
 For anyone in recovery and having a mother I recommend . Hold on to your seat . The cameos and the one liners are what make me watch it over and over .
 Postcards from the Edge is fantastic . Streep and Maclaine bring biting human qualities to the shallow world of Hollywood ... realistic , moving , hysterical and first rate performances . Excellent , excellent , excellent .
 I loved the whole movie ! Anything Shirley and Meryl do is fabulous . They should work together more often because they make a great team ! I did n't know Meryl was such a great singer . A popular problem with celebrities and their children as well as the general public is brought into focus in a way that is very believable and touching . I highly recommend this movie .
 What I personally found amazing about `` Postcards from the Edge '' was its unexpected ability to hit home themes and issues that all of us deal with , day in and day out . Meryl Streep 's amazing performance registered for me most in how `` ordinary '' she made this character . McClaine 's over the top and still profoundly rich performance is the perfect foil for Streep 's character . But the film 's most extraordinary quality is in developing profound themes about parenting and relationships with those you love the most in life . We do n't yearn for Suzanne 's rich celebrity filled existence . Instead , we relate to it , and can easily place ourselves in her situation . That 's Streep 's greatest achievement - every step of the way , she 's real and familiar to us . She is us . McClaine 's mother is all our mothers . Not unlike the superior `` All ABout My Mother '' Pedro Almovodar 's great film about loss and redemption , Poscards also confronts many of the same issues , though in flesh and blood . As if reminding us that unlike Esteban in `` Mother '' we are still living and have the opportunity to do something to work the issues through . `` Postcards '' stands as a rich character study of life as most of us know it - the struggle for independence as teens and young adults , the need to prove ourselves in the shadows of our parents -LRB- or mentors , or friends , or spouses -RRB- and the very real risks involved in making choices that might seem trivial at the time . Streep brings us on this journey and in return , we can use these lessons in our own somewhat bland lives . A deep and rich examination of the mother-daughter dynamic that represents the parent-child in all of us . Best moment
 If you never read Carrie 's 1987 book with the same name then you would not be spoiled by the film.The book was good & so is the film.A lot of names in the cast . Meryl & Shirley are great as Suzanne & Doris . Several of the cast are friends of Carrie 's . COULD HAVE DONE WITHOUT QUAID . I am NOT a fan of his.Of course this is an older DVD . I would have thought they would have released it December 2008 when Carrie 's book `` Wishful Drinking '' was released.Good to have the option of widescreen or not.I am HOWEVER , DISAPPOINTED IN THE EXTRAS . Only 1 of note is Carrie 's commentary . No deleted scenes or mistakes.Ha ha Bonus trailers YOU GET TO SEE TRAILER FOR OTHER FILM NOT INTERESTEDTalent files on some of the cast-WAS NOT COMPLETE OR CURRENT.As I said , extras were a disappointment.But , you will not be disappointed in the film .
 Having just seen ` The Devil Wears Prada ' for the umpteenth time in the last several months and not just to see Anne Hathaway ... I have become transfixed with Meryl Streep 's acting ability and the level of perfection and style that she brings to the screen.I know that everyone has written their review and given their spin on this being a ` Hollywood Insider ' film and it may very well be one . I too can relate to Suzanne Vale 's travails ; her dependency on drugs , the struggle with her relationship with her mother and with her career.BUT , I do not think that this movie is so much about any of that or even about the obvious ... what I do say the movie is about is the dialectic of ` Becoming vs. Being ' . I 'm not going to explain what I mean by that and I 'm sure that the mature and savvy readers who ponder my humble words will know what I mean ... but there is one line that everyone has overlooked ... the ` Tell ' -LRB- for me -RRB- so to speak and that is when Suzanne is embracing Gene Hackman in a nearly Father and Daughter dialog when she mutters ... ' I do n't want life to imitate art ... I want life to be art . ' WOW !!! Perhaps it is the very high expectations that Suzanne places on herself and in the quest for full self expression within the dynamics of living in the Umbra of her mother that drives her to drug dependency and is the source of her deep rooted unhappiness ... Having spoken those words which segue shortly to the last scene of the film as Suzanne delivers a rousing rendition of Heartbreak Hotel there is no line of distinction in her performance between her life as an actress and her passion for her life and her craft fully self expressed , becoming no more.At that moment I dropped a tear or two .
 An actress 's -LRB- Meryl Streep -RRB- recovery from drug addiction is complicated by her difficult , competitive relationship with her mother -LRB- Shirley MacClaine -RRB- , a maintenance alcoholic and former star who misses the limelight . Based on Carrie Fisher 's autobiographical novel , this film attempts a careful balance between comedy and drama and mostly succeeds . Although it gives short shrift to the seriousness of drug dependence , the comedy is genuinely funny in the capable hands of Streep and -LRB- especially -RRB- MacClaine . The ending is too tidy for its own good , but this film remains a funny comedy with glimpses of what could have been a searing drama .
 This movie is simply brillant . The acting , writting , casting , everything .
 `` Postcards From The Edge '' was written by Carrie Fisher , who based the screenplay on her autobiography . That autobiography was in turn loosely based on her personal life growing up in the Hollywood limelight as the daughter of a famous actress , Debbie Reynolds . When it came time to cast the film Debbie expressed an interest in being cast as the mother , but director Mike Nichols -LRB- `` The Birdcage '' and `` Who 's Afraid of Virginia Wolf ? '' -RRB- decided on Shirley MacLaine . Meryl Streep was cast as the daughter after deciding to star in some light-weight films in the late eighties , most notably `` She-Devil '' . The chemistry between MacLaine and Streep is excellent and Nichols direction is superb . It is , however , Fisher 's screenplay that makes the film work and we get a chance to see the struggle between a mother and daughter in forming a real relationship while trying to survive in the movie industry . Drug addiction , vanity , and actresses getting old are some of the issues the film tackles . Dennis Quaid and Gene Hackman have supporting roles and the film became the # 1 movie in the country upon its release in 1990 . `` Postcards From The Edge '' garnered Streep an Oscar nod as Best Actress and the title song `` I 'm Checkin ' Out '' was nominated for Best Song . That song was performed at the 1991 Academy Awards by country music superstar Reba McEntire who had recently lost her entire band in a planecrash . The DVD comes with both full and widescreen presentations , trailers , audio commentary by Fisher , and more .
 Great acting with Meryl Streep and Shirley MacLaine . Streep was nominated for best actress award both by the Academy Awards and the Golden Globe Awards . It is a chance to see Meryl Streep in her prime about 15 years ago . I very much enjoyed her role in the film as a country and western singer . I think it is the first time I have seen her sing .
 This Carrie Fisher penned film is perhaps one of the best screenplays written in the U.S. in the last 20 years . All the dialogue is crisp , clever and reads like a mix between Neil Simon and Moss/Hart . Mike Nichols takes it to an even higher level , by casting Streep and MacLaine against each other and watching the sparks fly.Filled with wonderful supporting performances by Gene Hackman , Richard Dreyfuss , Dennis Quaid , Mary Wickes , Oliver Platt , Rob Reiner and Annette Benning among others.The extra features on the DVD are pretty scarce . But the Carrie Fisher audio commentary is priceless . Funny , whimsical and totally casual , Fisher manages to ramble on with no direction and still provides us a wonderful glimpse -LRB- in her own way -RRB- on what it was like on the set and making the film.A must have for fans of excellent dialogue and good , clean comedy with a sarcastic edge .
 `` Postcards From The Edge '' is by all means an autobiographical account of a very chaotic period in actress Carrie Fisher 's life . Her inspirations for her debut novel -LRB- originally published in October of ' 89 -RRB- were her personal experiences in a drug rehabilitation center surmounting a cocaine habit , the relationship between she and her screen-veteran mother Debbie Reynolds and , generally , her wry perspective of life itself . However , instead of sharing her mordant musings as the main character , Fisher created her counterpart in a character named Suzanne Vale -LRB- Streep -RRB- . Vale is a rising talent in the film industry with - surprise - an addiction to cocaine . She has other indulgences as well and one day pops pills until the inevitable occurs - she is rushed to Cedars Sinai emergency room to have her stomach pumped . Upon her near-death experience , she is committed to rehab and makes a deal with her director Lowell Kershak -LRB- Hackman -RRB-
 Anyone who has dealt with any substance escapism-or overbearing mothers-need to revisit this movie . Just try to catch all the humorous interactions you might not have caught the first time between stars McClain and Streep as a famous aging movie star who drinks and her actress daughter dealing with drug abuse . Based on Carrie Fisher 's novel , if `` rationalization is part of the addiction '' then watching McClain -LRB- `` Now I just drink I like an Irish Person '' and Streep -LRB- `` Well , the behavior may have been suicidal ... but I am not ! -RRB- have great one liners supporting this notion . Do n't all of us one day or another think Streep 's line `` Well ... I 'm glad I 've gotten sober so that I am hyper-concious for this series of humiliations ! '' Mike Nichols says that he shoots every scene by asking himself `` How does it really happen ?? '' With cameos by Rob Riener , Richard Dreyfuss and Gene Hackman you get some of the best films moments acteds by pros ; supporting roles taken by future stars Oliver Platt and Annette Bening are also funny but brief .
 Meryl Streep and Shirley Maclaine both give great comic performances in this film . The rest of the cast is great , too . This is based on Carrie Fisher 's novel and it is a very entertaining read . There are a few touching moments during the film and they all ring true . I highly recommend it .
 I had seen this movie in the theater and just had to finally own it . It truly is a feel good movie . And Shirley MacLaine with Meryl Streep is a win win situation . As in other MacLaine movies she is sassy as ever just as in real life and that is one reason I love her movies . And Meryl Streep is so versatile , and still going strong , the both of them . Proof you can get acting jobs as a woman after 40 , you just have to be timeless and those 2 are up with there with the best timeless actresses . Glad for their continued successes .
 Streep and Maclaine are outstandingly hilarious as mother and daughter . Both these actresses also show off their vocal talents and Streep is obviously talented enough to have succeeded entirely on her singing .
 Carrie Fisher 's bracingly candid and acerbically amusing commentary is definitely worth a listen when you watch this scabrous 1990 comedy , especially since she wrote the screenplay based onher first novel , which is turn , was based on her life as a drug-addicted movie actress who happens to be the daughter of Debbie Reynolds and Eddie Fisher . With the self-assured Mike Nichols at the helm , the picture is glossy and often smug in its insider 's look of Hollywood , but it also has an emotionally resonant quality thanks mainly to the shrewdly observant interplay between Meryl Streep and Shirley MacLaine as mother and daughter . Streep plays Suzanne Vale , an actress successful enough to star in a cheesy action flick but spiraling out of control with her drug habit . In fact , she barely finishes a film for veteran director Lowell Korshack -LRB- an initially snappish Gene Hackman -RRB- who reads her the riot act on the set about her budget-escalating addiction.In the midst of a bleary-eyed one-night-stand , Suzanne becomes comatose from an overdose and is taken to the hospital where she gets her stomach pumped by a smitten doctor -LRB- a puppyish Richard Dreyfuss -RRB- . She recovers and can work on her next picture only if she will live with her movie star mother Doris Mann to appease the insurance company . While the rest of the movie focuses on Suzanne 's bumpy road toward recovery , the story really takes flight when it zeroes in on the prickly , dysfunctional relationship she has with Doris , a larger-than-life personality who means well as a mother but ca n't help being judgmental and competitive . Whether showing off her gams on a piano belting out Sondheim 's `` I 'm Still Here '' or revealing her pathetically shorn head after an auto collision , MacLaine is spot-on in the role , probably the best among her latter-day performances after Aurora Greenway inTerms of Endearment.Liberated from her parade of accents and period costumes , Streep seems at first too accomplished to be playing a second-rate actress , but she makes the bedraggled Suzanne likeably flawed . She also shows off an impressive singing voice with a couple of country-western numbers . Beyond Hackman and Dreyfuss , Dennis Quaid effectively plays an errant lover with smarmy panache , and there are nice near-cameos from Annette Bening as a flaky actress , Gary Morton as Suzanne 's agent , Robin Bartlett as Suzanne 's sardonic rehab roommate , CCH Pounder as an unctuous rehab counselor and Simon Callow as a two-faced director . In the studio scenes , Rob Reiner , Oliver Platt , Michael Ontkean and J.D. Souther provide even smaller bits . I just wish Fisher could have explored Suzanne 's recovery beyond the fatherly pep talk from Korshack and the final moment of vulnerability from Doris . Beyond Fisher 's commentary , the 2001 DVD contains partial filmographies for the principal players and several unrelated trailers .
 I had no idea that Meryl Streep had such a wonderful singing voice ! The song at the end of the movie , `` Checking Out '' , has a haunting quality about it and Meryl delivers it well . If you are a Meryl Streep or Shirley MacLaine fan , you 'll love it .
 This movie , along with her other collaberation with director Mike Nichols , `` Silkwood '' , are Meryl Streep 's two best movies in my opinion . Fully relatable characters , well acted , witty script , and a behind-the-scenes look at Hollywood , and its relationships that is very realistic . This film is very underrated , in my opinion . This film would make a great addition to anyone 's collection , for those who like films of a certain standard .
 If you were &#34; of age &#34; when the movie came out and you 've never seen it it 's worth watching . The plot is about a difficult relationship between mother and daughter , both movie stars , and how they resolve their addictions and grow in their relationship . Probably more of a chic flick , definitely not an action hero movie .
 Very real story of Carrie Fisher and her relationship with her mother Debbie Reynolds . These two actresses make it incredibly believable .
 As ever , this is a wonderful movie with countless great , quotable lines ! Always love seeing Shirley MacLain and Meryl Streep in just about anything .
 1990 , 101 min.Carrie Fisher -LRB- Star Wars -RRB- penned the novel and wrote the screenplay . Then in 1990 director Mike Nichols made the marvelous decision to put it on the big screen . Now available on your little or not so little , as the case may be , home screen.This cute movie is based on a woman trying to break into show business following her mother 's famous shadow.Who does n't love Shirley MacLaine -LRB- Steel Magnolias -RRB- who plays the mother or Meryl Streep -LRB- Out of Africa -RRB- who plays the daughter ? Apart they are genius actresses but put them together in a movie ! A genius match made in heaven.Dysfunctional , funny and sad.Watch this movie and see the mayhem transpire and lessons learned.BONUS PICKS : * Steel Magnolias and Out of Africa -LRB- one of my top 10 picks -RRB- , both based on true stories , are magical movies with an assortment of complimenting , brilliant actors . One extremely comical and tragic . The other very sad but beautiful .
 This movie is both funny and serious . Meryl Streep and Debbie Reynolds , perfect ! I loved watching it and would recommend it to anyone .
 Entertaining from start to finish . Carrie Fisher is brilliant , flawed and perfect . Wonderful tale , told on screen by an amazing cast . A movie to be watched over and over again .
 Great movie for it 's time . Well put together . Of course , you throw in Gene Hackman and Shirley Maclaine and you have pure greatness .
 Everyone who celebrates Christmas should read this book . Amid the hustle and bustle of this commercialized holiday , it brings the message of Christmas home . The reading level is ages 4 to 8 but I suggest this is an especially meaningful gift for a teenager or adult who may be feeling a little self doubt or perhaps even a lull in faith . I would also gently suggest to readers that if you are not readily identifying with Joshua 's feeling of abandonment to seek out the Joshuas in your life and invite them to your flock .
 I first read The Crippled Lamb while I was working in a bookstore ... cleaning up and flipped through this book before putting it back on the shelf . I was wiping away tears there in the middle of the sales floor ! Such a sweet story , beautiful illustrations ... I ca n't wait to read this one to my daughter and hope it becomes one of her favorites .
 I 'm a big Max Lucado fan , but consider myself more of a mature , masculine , discerning male when it comes to biblical fiction and non-fiction . I bought this book as a Christmas gift years ago and took the time to read it . And yes , there were tear-drops . I 've got a hard religious shell sometimes , but Max is one of the few authors today I allow into my devotion time . Believe me , the story of this book will stick with you for the rest of your life . It 's a Christmas story unlike any you 've ever heard.A crippled lamb , who , because of his condition , gets to witness the Savior as he enters into this world . Not only is this a story of the nativity , there 's a deep undertone about the kind of people God chooses to help and bless ... . and who are to be his witnesses . It reveals God 's love for all of us , shown especially by the fact that he sent His only begotten Son into this world to save us.A really , really awesome children 's Christmas story that anyone will love .
 I have given this book to almost every child I know for Christmas and now have a copy of it for my own 2 yr old son . It is so beautifully written , with a lovely message that there is a place and purpose for everyone no matter who they are or what they look like . The wonderful thing about the book is that it uses Jesus ' birth as the setting for the story , so it is a perfect holiday book to read to your children . I , too , get teary-eyed at the end . I highly recommend this book for anyone who has children , no matter what their ages .
 In this religious book for children there is a little lamb named Joshua who is crippled and his best friend Abigail who is an old cow.In this story the other sheep make fun of Joshua and makes him feel sad and miserable . When the shepherds are about to take the sheep to a better pasture the sheered says that Joshua must stay here . When Joshua is awakened in the stable by some noises he finds a little baby crying because it is cold and there are no blankets . So Joshua keeps him warm with his own wool and the family is very grateful to him . Well it turn out that this little baby is Jesus the king , the so of God . Finally Joshua understands why he is cripple for if he had n't had been he would not have been there to keep the baby warm.This amazing book was written by
 I read this book to my two young children at the start of the Holiday Season , 3 months later they are still asking for the story about the baby every night , this has become their favorite bed time story .
 I bought this book for my mom for Christmas , and she read it to me and my cousins . We all started crying because it was so touching . It is great .
 We have a granddaughter who has cerebral palsy . Her mind is sharp as a tack but she lacks motor skills to do many things other children can do . Her dream is to run and play like other kids . We always tell her God has a special plan for her life . This book is very touching as it addresses the little lamb who was different , but had a very special place in God 's plan .
 Have you ever found something so dear that it was irresistible ? For me , very few items fit into that category , but this little book definitely is an exception .
 this is a extraordinary book for young children . it will teach them to understand and respect others -LRB- humans as well as animals -RRB- who have special needs . i highly recommend it !
 With modern TVs not having a VHS player , I had to order a copy in DVD form of the story my kids loved . It 's still a great story now shown to my grandchild .
 I was called upon to read a Christmas book to fourth graders at the local elementary school . I downloaded Lucado 's book as I 'd read it once before . It was perfect . It captured attention , moved the kids , and brought a wonderful message ... plus I got to share Jesus in a public school .
 My daughter loved it and enjoyed reading it on Christmas night . Wonderful story about Jesus and how he can use all of us .
 My MIL gave this book to my kids as an early Christmas gift . I had never heard of it , but I enjoy reading Max Lucado . It starts out as a regular kids ' story , and then I could n't hold back tears as we reached a beautiful twist in the story that I should have expected but did n't . Definitely a winner .
 My grandkids , 21/2 and 4 love this book . So sweet ! Teaches what the season is all about in a dramatic way .
 I bought this book for my son -LRB- age 2 -RRB- to read for the Christmas season . It 's so sweet ! The story reminds us that God has a plan for everyone !
 With many Christmas stories out there , I was delighted to find this story by Max Lucado . But while it is set inside the Christmas story , it has a much greater moral - the little lamb thought he had less value than anyone else because he was crippled.As you progress through the story you learn that each of us has value , even if we are different than others , even if we , like the lamb , are in some way `` crippled . `` Recommended for all ages - from tiny to elderly - we all need the reminder again and again .
 Good condition . I waited a year for this book to come back . I heard the story somewhere else and could n't wait to buy the book to share with others .
 This is a well written book and beautifully illustrated . This is the third copy I have purchased . It makes a wonderful gift and of course I have had my own copy for a number of years .
 This book showed up on an `` I Want '' list for Christmas . I bought the book , read the book , kept the book , and ordered three more copies . Excellent children 's books have three criteria
 This was the first book of Max Lucado 's that I had ever read , and it will not be the last . It is a poignant , beautiful illustration of the fact that God has a plan and a purpose for each one of us , even though we might not realize it right now . This story does not use a politically correct , feel-good approach to reassure us that we are each special and precious in God 's eyes ; rather , it weaves a painstakingly honest and deeply spiritual tale . Even if -LRB- or , perhaps , especially if -RRB- you do not consider yourself `` religious , '' please make it a point to read this book . It will be a blessing , guaranteed .
 Joshua , the crippled lamb , struggles because he continuously feels lonely and left out . His friend Abigail , the old wise cow , encourages Joshua by telling him that `` God has a special place for those who feel left out . '' And boy , did He ever have a place for Joshua ! Joshua was not only given the opportunity to witness the greaest event in history , but he also kept Jesus warm in the cold , cold , stable . This is a superb book to teach us that God has a place for everyone . Sometimes this is a hard lesson for younger readers to understand . However , Max Lucado puts it very sweet and simply . The Crippled Lamb would be a great gift for a child going to a new school , or anywhere they did not know anyone and may feel left out . Also , it would be excellent for children with disabilities .
 There are a few books that I have loved reading to my kids over the years - many of them are by Max Lucado.This elegant and loving story about a crippled lamb finding a special function as warmth for the Christ child is incredible . As is his usual style Max creates an irresistible story.The art work is as touching as the tale.I highly recommend other books he has written as well . Some might consider them parables but the characters are genuine and real and the relationships they develop are quite sentimental so the `` morale of the story '' is merely a gentle element of a beautiful book.My two most favorites by Lucado are
 This is the perfect book to read to any child with a disability . My son with a rare skin disorder was able to relate perfectly with Josh , the lamb . God has a special plan for those who are different . It was both sad and happy at the same time .
 How beautiful ! We all are imperfect , crippled in some way . Yet it is those imperfections that God uses best.This is not only a wonderful Christmas story to cherish , but a story to read to children , who are disappointed because they did not make the cut for a sports team , or who feel unpopular , or do n't have the best grades even though they try hard . If you are a parent or grandparent , you should be reading this one with children in your lap and tissues nearby . This one is not just for children , it is a classic story for all ages !
 Warning
 As the mother of a child with a Congenital Heart Defect , who spent almost his entire first year in intensive care , and is still trying to catch up at age three , this book was VERY close to home . I have read it many many times and I still end up bawling . This book is a wonderful gift for any family facing the struggle of a disabled child , but is equally as wonderful for a healthy child . It teaches not only that all children are special , BUT MORE IMPORTANTLY , that Heavenly Father knows what is going on with us , and has a purpose in all things . Though some of Lucado 's books are aggressivly preachy , this one is sweet and soft , but its message is crystal clear . Bravo Lucado .
 Lucado has turned out another very touching story about the love of God - this time with the help of his three daughters . In `` The Crippled Lamb '' , a young lamb by the name of Joshua is excluded from the rest of the flock because he has a crippled leg . The rest of the flock leaves to go graze in another pasture for the day , but Joshua must be left behind as the shepherd does not think he will be able to make the trip . As he is sleeping in the barn with his only friend , a cow , he is awakened by a mother giving birth to a baby . Had Joshua not been born with a crippled leg , he would have been in the next pasture with the rest of the flock and not been one of the first to welcome this new king into the world . The resounding message of this book is that God created each and every one of us the way he wanted us . There is a reason for everything even if it is not apparent to us when it happens.This book has tested well with 5-8 year olds . While I felt the story was a little long , it did hold their attention . The older children were able to read the story with minimal assistance as well - always a plus!Why 4 stars ? : While this is a nice story with a good message , it lacks the usual warmth and depth that Lucado 's books are known for . The illustrations are not especially great either . However , the story does hold children 's attentions and does have a message everyone needs to know .
 Everyone who celebrates Christmas should read this book . Amid the hustle and bustle of this commercialized holiday , it brings the message of Christmas home . The reading level is ages 4 to 8 but I suggest this is an especially meaningful gift for a teenager or adult who may be feeling a little self doubt or perhaps even a lull in faith . I would also gently suggest to readers that if you are not readily identifying with Joshua 's feeling of abandonment to seek out the Joshuas in your life and invite them to your flock .
 This is a wonderful tale for children about the birth of Jesus . It is told from the perspective of a crippled lamb , who can not understand why he can not be strong like his other friends . However , because he is crippled , he was made to stay in the stable where eventually , Jesus is born . It was his job to keep the baby Jesus warm and had he not been crippled , he would have been in the pasture with his friends and not there to be a part of this wonderful event . It teaches self worth , no matter who you are , and that everyone has worth in the eyes of God . Jodi Benson sings beautifully in it and Robby Benson helps with the narration via the camel . It 's a very cute story , very captivating , but it could be a tad longer , I would think anyway . Other than that , it 's a great buy .
 My eight year old daughter asked for this book after her library teacher read it to her class at school . I rarely turn down a request for books , so I ordered it for her . When it came , and I read it to her , I coul n't get through it without becoming all choked up ! It is a beautiful story about a crippled lamb who , because of his lameness , is in the stable when the Baby Jesus is born . It is wonderful because it says not only does your infirmity not limit you , it can actually give you an opportunity for greatness !
 Loved this book . Read this to my grandchildren . They wanted it read over and over !! This is a wonderful story of Baby Jesus .
 My grandaughter absolutely loves this book and I read it to her along with her dad reading it to her over and over again .
 Wonderful story about being different . Gave these to all the children in our family for Christmas two years ago and the moms tell me that it is a favorite for their family . I will order more for the new children in our family this year .
 This is the most amazing book ever . I bought two , one for each of my grandchildren , who who has special needs .
 this is a great book to read - enjoy !! max is one of the best christian writers out there - i recommend this book !
 What a beautiful story . I would read this to my class at school every year and also to my own children . Now I read it to my grandchildren . It shows how important each one of us is .
 Great book for all ages . I have bought this book for my own kids as well as gifts . Must have .
 Wonderful story ! Brought tears to my eyes ! Wonderful lesson behind the story and from a different perspective than the usual Christmas story .
 Our children 's babysitter gave them this book today . As I read it to my 4 year old , tears were streaming down my face . My son was very sad about Joshua 's leg , but at the end he was so happy he got to meet Baby Jesus first of all the animals.Wonderful , fabulous book !
 This story will touch your heart . Little Joshua was so important to the events taking place on that special night . Every time I read this book -LRB- hundreds of times by now -RRB- , I cry . This book portrays such a powerful message . It is enough to make you appreciate yourself and realize that you are special . -LRB- Because sometimes we forget !! -RRB-
 Joshua is a lamb who was born different from other lambs . Joashua is crippled . He 's not able to run and play with the other lambs , which causes him to feel left out . But God has knows that Joshua is special , and Joshua is in the manger when the newborn King is born . So even though Joshua ca n't play like the other lambs he does have a special purpose here on earth.This was an incredibly heartwarming and touching story , and I think that it 's a must for Christmas lists everywhere .
 I bought this book so that my daughter would have a better feeling for the true meaning of Christmas . It is a beautiful version of the Christmas story told from the point of view of a little lamb . I cry every time I read it !
 Max Lucado 's , `` The Crippled Lamb '' is an inspirational story with a lesson for both adults and children . Lucado 's `` Lamb '' is an excellent example of God 's perfect plan for all of us , even with our imperfections .
 A Max Lucado classic . From an author who can take the simplest of simple and expose the deepest of meaning . This childrens book is a must for a childs nightstand to be requested and rerequested night after night . A story on how the least likely of canidates can play the most important rolls in God 's creation . How , no matter what seems our position in life , God can use each of us in His kingdom . This book parallels many stories in the bible but mostly reminds me of how He took the least of 7 brothers and used him as a King -LRB- David -RRB- . It is a comfort and joy and should be read by every parent to their children .
 I love this book ! It is absolutely precious . No matter how many times I read it to my children , I still end up with a lump in my throat , tears in my eyes and goose bumps on my arms . It really gets to me
 I have two girls , ages 4 & amp ; 5 . When I read them this book , we all cried together . Max Lucado 's , `` The Crippled Lamb '' , has got to be one of the finest children 's books I 've read yet . With it 's vivid descriptions of the poor lamb 's feelings , and the message of how God turns bad situations into blessings . Thanks to all who worked so hard to put such a wonderful book together . Daniel Oxford , Gravette , AR
 Hi , I 'm StoryMaker . The Lucados ' The Crippled Lamb stars a young lamb with spots named Joshua . Joshua was born different from the other sheep . One of his legs just did n't work right , and he had to limp everywhere instead of running and jumping like his fellow sheep . His best friend - an old cow named Abagail - said that God has a special place for those who feel left out . It 's hard for Josh to beleive sometimes , even though he always wants to . One day , the other sheep are going to a greener , grassier land , but Joshua ca n't . However , Josh soon discovers why he has a bad leg . I have no idea why it says Ages 1-5 on the Proof of Purchase . This story is charming and sweet for all ages young and old . The paintings are n't exactly perfect , but they are still splendid in their way . I especially like the final illustration and sentence . It is just a good book . I reccomend it . Signed , StoryMaker . `` Got ta trust the kid 's review ! ''
 Max Lucado once again weaves his story-telling skills , and with the skill of a painter , he etches out the story of the birth of Christ , seen through the eyes of a crippled lamb , Joshua . The message throughout is that God has a special place for everyone , and this , no doubt , would be a great addition to a Christmas collection . However , it is good reading to your children at any time of the year . The illustrations are top-notch , and this is highly recommended !!!
 This book is a wonderful story for all ages . The moral of the story is a good one . Just because you are a little different God still has a special job for you to do .
 This was the second time I have read this book . It has a great uplifting message . It is rooted in the birth of Christ . And I was bawling with my wife at the dinner table reading this book . Our youngest kids just did n't get it . As my wife said , `` You will understand in junior high '' . This is a must for your library.http : / / a-half-penny . blogspot.com /
 I bought this as a gift for two little farm boys age , 3 and 5 . One of them is a crippled lamb . The prose and illustrations are just what I had hoped they would be . Wonderful !
 I really do n't buy a whole lot of books for my daughter , because we get so many as gifts and go to the library about twice a week . But she kept telling me about this book she was reading in preschool that she loved , so I finally asked her teachers and it was this book . I fell in love with the book and its message , and gladly purchased this for my daughter . We read it every night .
 This is a really good story with nice illustrations ! My four-year-old son loves the story and I enjoy being able to tell him the meaning behind it ; that sometimes being different is a good thing .
 This is a wonderful classic book . It 's such a shame this edition is out of print . Each new generation should have exposure to The Crippled Lamb .
 Prefect ! Wonderful deal . I 'm very excited to share this book with our son , who is 2 months old .
 Crippled Lamb -LRB- Lucado , Max -RRB- We have given copies of this book to friends and family over a period of many years . It is one of the best books we have ever read for younger children .
 This book is one of my favorite Christmas books . The story behind it is awesome . It teaches a good lesson as well as ties in the Christmas story , the true meaning of Christmas .
 Movies about the birth of Christ are far and few in between . This movie as so many others brought home the message that Jesus is the Reason for this Season ! It is a must to see and own .
 I had heard this story read at a church function and so enjoyed it that I wanted to purchase a copy for each of my childrens families . It is such a heart warming story that no matter what you may feel is wrong with you , the Lord loves us all equally .
 A good book ... I like the lesson that no matter what kind of hand life has dealt us , we can be confident that there is a greater plan for our lives and a reason for everything . I say enjoy it year ` round and not just at Christmas !
 My mother bought this book and the DVD for my 2 year old daughter . Both the book & the movie instantly became her favorite -- she 'll ask to read the book and watch the movie several times a day.It is a wonderful story that will bring almost anyone to tears -LRB- maybe even `` Daddy '' ! -RRB- . I highly recommend this book & movie for children of all ages -LRB- from 1 to 99 -RRB- .
 I hope I never meet the person who does not cry when he reads this book .
 Max Lucado never fails to entertain as well as teach children ! We read it every year , my children love it !
 This is my family 's favorite book to read during the holidays . I bought this book for my nephew 's Christening and I hope he likes it as much as my children have .
 It looked like this book was just thrown in the box with its wrapping . It should have been encased in the plastic cover . When I opened the book , I discovered that the copyright page was a little crooked . The cause of this is because the binding is open at the top . This is not satisfactory to me .
 The Crippled Lamb arrived in excellent condition - looked unused . Price was excellent and order arrived in good time for my need for this book . Thank you .
 This book is about a lamb that can not do what all the other lambs can.This lamb ` s name is Joseph.But something good always comes out of it.This book is very religous . I loved this book .
 This is a nice book . Very pretty and easy to read for a young child . Great story .
 The illustrations in this book are absolutely beautiful ! They capture my children 's attention and even I ca n't turn the page without looking at the artwork.They story is equally as beautiful . It is about a small lamb who does n't feel he belongs because he is not as `` perfect '' as the other lambs . He has a tremendous friend , named Abigail , who always reminds him that `` God has a special place for those who do n't belong . `` I can not count the times this book as been read to teach my children how to be a friend to someone `` different '' or how to stand the trials of being the one who is not like everyone else.It is a touching story that no matter how many times you read , will choke you up and bring tears to your eyes.Abigale and Joshua will remind you of how special God creates each of us and how important we each are in `` life '' . This is a must read book
 I am an author and I collect children 's books , thus I feel my taste in children 's books is very discerning . This is one of the most beautiful books - in pictures , content , and spirit - that I have ever seen . This is one ` Christmas ' book that does not get packed away for 11 months of the year - it stays on my bookshelf the year through . My husband and I have read it each Christmas Eve , and I now read it to my 4-month old daughter a few times a month . This book would be a wonderful gift to children in families who may not have a personal relationship with Jesus . I gain blessings and appreciation anew each time I read this story .
 Max Lucado is a `` master illustrator . '' He artistically paints pictures with words and `` The Crippled Lamb '' is no disappointment!Little Joshua , a lamb , feels so different from others . He bears spots while others do n't . He does n't have a mom or dad . He ca n't run , jump and play like the others , for he has a bad leg . Often feeling down on himself , he finds encouragement in a friend named Abigail , an aging cow.Then one unexpected night , Joshua finds that there is a specialness about his differences . There is a unique role only he can fill.Get the tissues ready ! This is a book sure to move even the hardest heart . How vividly it portrays the love of a Father Who loves us inspite of our blemishes and sees each one of His children as special , with purpose!Beautifully illustrated by Liz Bonham , this is a work you should not miss . This one is a `` keeper '' you 'll wish to pass on from generation to generation .
 After reading this book , my 10-year old daughter asked to start a family tradition of reading this book and the like on Christmas Eve to remind us why we come together on this holiday . Two years later , we now have children -LRB- of all ages -RRB- who want to participate in the reading marathon on Christmas Eve . This is a great book to add to your collection .
 This book has become a part of my family 's Christmas traditionseach year . It 's a wonderful story of the birth of Christ as seenthrough the eyes of Joshua , a lamb that has been crippled sincebirth . Not only does the author focus upon the true meaning ofChristmas . It teaches a simple and very important lesson about life . Everyone can make a contribution to life , even if they arehandicapped . Through this story , children can be taught thesignificance of being thankful for having a strong body and mind , and of being kind to people who are less fortunate . The message is a simple one , and my daughter readily understood it the firsttime we read the story . She was four years old then . Both of uscry as we share the book together and are reminded that theretruly are some things that money ca n't buy ! You will love this book !
 And I totally disagree with what `` Advocate '' says about the use of the word `` Crippled '' in the title.If this book had been talking about human children , I would be inclined to agree with him or her , however , on millions of farms in North America -LRB- and in the U.K. -RRB- `` crippled '' is a perfectly acceptable descriptive term for certain features of livestock . `` Lame '' , `` blighted '' , and `` poor stock '' are also used . So what ? We can not endlessly restructure our language and reassign meanings and words in order to try to sugarcoat and `` brush away '' the harsh reality of a disability and I , as a disabled person -LRB- deaf -RRB- deeply resent attempts to do so . When you cry `` foul '' at each possible non-politically-correct word and phrase , you drag the disabled out of their longed-for anonymity and showcase us as poor pitiful people who have to be coddled and protected from the strong and powerful in our world . Enough.I agree that certain words have a strong , negative picture associated with them and might be reconsidered for use as applied to human beings -LRB- but I could n't care less if someone called my three-legged dog crippled . She is ! -RRB- . However , I would also like to suggest for your consideration that perhaps an early introduction to such words within a considerate and safe environment such as story time with Mom and Dad , is a good thing from this point of view
 THE CRIPPLED LAMB is quickly becoming a new Christmas classic for children . It tells the story of the birth of Christ through the eyes of Joshua , a little lamb . Joshua is disabled and therefore unable to graze in the fields since he can not keep up with the others . He has to stay behind with his friend , Abigail the cow who tries to cheer him up by telling him `` God has a special place for those who feel left out . '' Joshua has the opportunity to be part of God 's plan when Jesus is born . Mary and Joseph do not have a blanket and Joshua sits next too the child to offer him warmth and be a blanket for the Christ child.This book is a collaborative effort of well known Christian author Max Lucado and his three daughters Jenna , Andrea , and Sara . The book also contains beautiful artwork by illustrator Liz Bonham . The artwork alone is worth the price of the book.If you are planning on purchasing this book as a gift , I recommend purchasing at least tow copies . It is such a wonderful and heartwarming book , you may not want to give it away .
 The Crippled Lamb is probably the most moving story I have read in quite some time . I had read it on the internet , but when I received the book , it somehow seemed different . I read it to my granddaughters tonight and with some difficulty kept the tears from coming . This book shows children -LRB- and adults -RRB- that it is n't always hard to be different . Joshua was surely different , but being different was the best thing that happened to him . God has a plan for everyone , even those of us who feel left out . I ca n't think of a better way to teach children of God 's love for each and everyone of us . For that matter , I ca n't think of a simpler way to teach adults the same thing . My granddaughters loved the book and the CD . Almost as much as I do .
 Joshua is a little lamb with a game leg . He has trouble keeping up with the rest of the flock and is often mocked by his fellow sheep . Even the shepherd tells Joshua to remain behind while he leads the other sheep to greener pastures.Abigail , a wise and gentle cow , reminds Joshua that there is always a place for those who are different . She accepts Joshua without question and the two friends seek shelter in an old manger.Joshua and Abigail meet the Holy Family and Mary introduces her Son as the Gift and the Answer . It is through the Infant Jesus that Joshua realizes that Abigail was right all along -- he really DID have a place where he really belonged . Had he been able to join the flock , he would never have shared the stable with the Holy Family . It is to Max Lucado and his daughters ' credit that the story does not end with the predictable healing of Joshua 's game leg . Instead , Joshua is loved , respected and truly cherished because in feeling he had to little to give , he really gave a lot . He gave to Baby Jesus.I really love this book .
 This is a beautiful story of how we are loved and acceptable to God even though we are imperfect creatures . The gist of the story is the crippled lamb was not allowed `` to run with the herd '' , but was very welcome in the stable where the Baby Jesus was born . He was honored above all lambs by being in the presence of such a gift as the Christ Child.So many children have low self-esteem . This book offers a boost . The crippled lamb would have been totally out as a sacrifice in ancient Judea , but he was totally in the circle of Jesus 's love.The illustrations are excellent . This book is a new classic in Christmas literature .
 This is one of the best children 's books I 've ever seen . The story is wonderful and inspiring and the illustrations are beautiful . It is a must-read for every child .
 What a wonderful reminder we 've been given that each of us is special and has a place in God 's plan . This book is a must have , and not just at Christmas time either .
 Sometimes it is hard to find parables for children who have disabilities . The stories about Jesus focus on wholeness and wonderfulness . In this fable , the crippled lamb is left behind when the others go out to pasture . He feels lost and left behind until a special couple shows up . It is then that he has the chance to do the one thing the other sheep could not , he curls up to the infant and warms him in the cold stable.This is written in a style that even the youngest can understand . Highly recommended , particularly to families and Sunday school classes with children who are `` different . ''
 This book is a wonderful example of unconditional love and acceptance . It seems to be one that teachers are reading to students to demonstrate Christian love for others . It models true friendship , and compassion for others that may be different from us . I would recommend this book for parents to read to their children , and for early learners to read on their own .
 Brought this video for my grandchildren ages 3 & 6 . Really wanted them to see how important each one of us is to God and also why God does n't always heal us . This message was very good . Also the 2nd story on the video `` The alabaster Angel was every bit as good .
 This is a warm and tender version of the birth of Christ . its main theme is that Jesus came not only to seek out the lost , but He uses even the least of us for his kingdom . All children need to know that they are indeed precious creations , lovingly endowed by God with special gifts . This book is a hit with my 3-year-old class , and it is good to read to older children , as well .
 I have always loved the story of The Crippled Lamb by Max Lucado , even before I became a mother to a child much like `` little Joshua '' . How I love to read this book with my son and confirm the hope which exists for his purpose in life .
 I bought this book for my mom for Christmas , and she read it to me and my cousins . We all started crying because it was so touching . It is great .
 Max Lucado , along with , Jenna , Andrea , & Sara Lucado , create a story many children can relate to . In The Crippled Lamb , Joshua - a lamb - is different than the other sheep . He has no parents , and he is crippled . His only friend is an old cow named Abigail . She often reminds him that God has a special place for those like him . When the shepherds come gather the sheep to walk to the next valley , Joshua must stay behind . The others laugh and say mean things to him . Josh and Abigail are both in for a surprise later that night , when they are awakened by a woman and a child lying in the stables with them . Josh lies next to the baby -LRB- Jesus -RRB- to keep him warm . He soon learns that even though he may not fit in with the rest of the sheep , God did have a special place for him . Illustrated by Liz Bonham.What I Liked
 This book has a story with a message for us all
 A soft porn that is hard to duplicate . I 'm not sure who requires me to type four more words so this will be valid . Good loooking woman .
 After three big-budget Broadway-based period musicals in a row , Barbra Streisand obviously made a conscious career decision to convey a more contemporary image onscreen . She succeeds in spades in this often hilarious 1970 comedy adapted by Buck Henry from a hit Bill Manhoff play and directed by Herbert Ross . Streisand plays Doris , a loud-mouthed fetish hooker who claims to be a model and an actress . She gets thrown out of her apartment when her neighbor , a nebbish bookstore clerk and aspiring writer named Felix Sherman , reports her clandestine activities to the landlord . This causes a confrontation in which she is convinced he 's gay and seduces him in a surprisingly graphic scene -LRB- at least surprising for Streisand -RRB- . Another fight ensues causing them to get kicked out of his apartment . The rest of the film is mostly their bickering as they travel from one apartment to the next and carry out their improbable , Pygmalion-like opposites-attract romance.In the same year he made two greatly underrated films , the mature `` Loving '' and the manic `` Where 's Poppa ? '' , George Segal makes Felix a lovably insecure schlub and provides great chemistry with Streisand in her first non-singing role . They have a great scene in the bathtub where both are completely stoned as his fianc&eacute;e and her parents walk in , and he has a funny scene where he pretends to be the TV to help Doris get to sleep . For Streisand 's part , she wears a hysterically tacky negligee , dances in a go-go cage , appears in a soft-porn flick called `` Cycle Sluts '' -LRB- we only hear the riotous audio - `` Where are you putting THAT ? '' -RRB- and says the `` F '' word -LRB- unfortunately cut out of the DVD version though it 's obvious when she says it -RRB- . It 's not her best screen performance , but it 's one of her funniest . Henry 's sharp dialogue and Ross ' quick pacing help considerably in making this an enjoyably vulgar romantic comedy . The 2001 DVD had no extras other than three trailers , none for this movie .
 This movie is a classic . Very funny worth buying especially at Amason ' prices a must see for all Barbara Streisand fans . It will have u rolling on the floor with laughter
 This is the movie that Barbra never use her golden voice to support her role since Funny Girl , Hello , dolly , and On a clear day you can see forever . She is very interesting in this role but I think she is so exaggerated sometimes . By the way , it is the good movie to see because there 's a lot of chemistry in many scenes . George Segal did the great job in this movie . If you like Barbra and George , it will be the good present in your fantasy world .
 Streisand at one of her funniest , to say the least about graphic , this is a very enjoyable movie , if you can get past the harshness of Doris . Remembering that this is her character , though , the movie has me laugh everytime I see it . Oh , with the language that goes on in today 's movies , and the violence ... why , oh WHY , did they have to edit out Doris ' confrontation with `` the boys '' ? I guess after having seen that scene before , I miss it . Maybe those who have never seen the movie might not notice ... but I liked the movie so much I pre-ordered it the minute I knew it was to be released . `` Oh , and I suppose all the guys YOU pick up are air conditioned ... '' `` What are you studying to be ?? A GYNOCOLOGIST ?? '' Great lines ... great movie .
 This was Barbra Streisand 's first non singing role , but her performance is pure musical-comedy . She is hilariously funny ! She also has a very good chemistry with co-star , George Segal . With a truly witty script by Buck Henry , they make a great pair . This is a very funny movie , and makes a great showcase for Ms. Streisand 's comedic flair . Her fans will love it , and those who are n't fans ? Hey , she 'll win you over . Have a great time watching !
 I do n't know what the previous viewer did n't understand , this film is just plain hilarious . It 's as simple as that .
 Nobody mentioned that the muscical score was provided by Blood , Sweat & Tears . If you are a BS&T fan you will enjoy the score . Some very good rock jazz in the score . Even includes a vocal by David Clayton Thomas .
 The begining of the film is just fantastic!Dialogs are really intelligent , and Babs and Segale work very good as a couple . She once more proved her acting and comedy talent . Loved it !
 This movie is absolutely adorable ! Barbra Streisand is a way better actress than singer ! In this movie , she 's a prostitute who teaches a tight-cheeked man about freedom and love . This movie is better than Pretty Woman !
 `` The Owl and the Pussycat '' is one of my favorite comedies of all time.I think Barbra and George Segal are fantastic.This is Streisands greatest acting job.She really got into the part.Barbra should have be nominated and won the Oscar for this film.Everyone talked about her doing such a risky movie.I also love George Segal.The film would n't be the same without him.It seems like all my favortie comedies has George Segal in them.When you think about it , there 's only Barbra and George on screen.I even bought the soundtrack of `` The Owl and the Pussycat , '' with Blood Sweat and Tears singing the theme song , but all the good parts with Barbra and George 's greatest lines are on this album also.If you 've never seen this movie , buy this video , but do n't watch in on regular TV , all the great lines are cut out .
 One of the most hilarious films ever made , THE OWL AND THE PUSSYCAT has more laughs than ten of today 's so-called `` comedies '' combined . Even though a few set changes and a couple of new supporting characters are added to `` open up '' the storyline , director Herbert Ross and writer Buck Henry manage to keep the same spirit of the original one-act , two-character play intact . There 's a lot of verbal warfare in Henry 's screenplay , and he seems to have a gift for penning wickedly funny dialogue . Some viewers could argue that THE OWL AND THE PUSSYCAT is little more than two characters insulting each other for 95 minutes , but - when those insults are so rigorously funny - who cares?In the female lead , Barbra Streisand gives a refreshingly unsentimental performance as Doris , the semi-literate hooker who -LRB- for once -RRB- does not have a heart of gold . George Segal was primarily known as a dramatic actor before he was cast as Felix , the snotty book clerk/writer-wannabe . His performance is so convincing that he has been known as an expert comic ever since . The chemistry between Streisand and Segal ignites from the beginning , and it stays aflame throughout their relationship 's many ups and downs . Robert Klien has a funny supporting role - and plays it expertly - but THE OWL AND THE PUSSYCAT remains a showcase for the chemistry between Streisand and Segal . I think well-respected film critic Pauline Kael said it best when she wrote , `` Were Tracy and Hepburn ever this good ... maybe , but they were never better . '' High praise indeed!About the DVD
 Forget `` Pretty Woman . '' Streisand was the original hooker with a heart , and can act comedic circles around Julia Roberts . The theatrical release was R rated for language -LRB- one specific word really -RRB- , so I was shocked to find out that the DVD is an edited version !!! Are the republicans at it again ? Is it because Streisand is a democrat ? All kidding aside , I 'm very disappointed due to this small but very important omission-mainly because it ruins a very funny moment in the film , but also because the `` bleep '' was so unnecessary . Is the `` F '' word really such a big deal ? Graphic violence gets a green light everytime , but a little swear word might cause little Johnny to grow up up to be a serial killer . Columbia-Tristar sure makes a lot of goofs !! They have missed widescreen on some releases I have purchased from them , and now this !!!! Get it together , guys !!! Only 4 stars because of this error .
 My girlfriend and I saw this movie when it first came out in 1970 . There was a scene involving the main characters where Barbra tells these guys to `` F '' off . I remember it vividly because my friend and I turned to one another in shock ... `` Did she actually use that word in a movie ? '' It was the first time we 'd ever heard it used on the big screen and were indeed shcoked . I was more shocked when it did n't appear in the DVD version and had apparently been cut ... however , the movie was just as good and as funny as when I first saw it and Barbra Streisand and George Segal have a great on-sceen chemistry and the story line is funny . There is nothing politically correct about the movie so be prepared to be entertained and shocked at what the movie characters have to say . Thoroughly enjoyable even though 37 years have passed .
 I would like to know - like so many others posting here - why in today 's world , would Columbia Home Video release the EDITED version ... such a disappointment -LRB- !! -RRB- , and please DO NOT tell me that the master no longer exists ?!
 This film really makes you laugh as a nerdy clerk , Felix , -LRB- segal -RRB- gets a prostitute -LRB- Streisand -RRB- kicked out of her home . Things take a twist when Felix gets kicked out his home aswell . The two are forced to hit the streets together where they get a lot more than they bargained for . Full of laughs and great for watching with your sweetheart . A must see .
 Hands down Barbra 's best comedy . She 's a natural comedienne . But as a compulsive-talker , insomniac hooker-in-denial , she has never been funnier . I have seen this film at least twenty times and it still makes me laugh . Unlike some of her other comedies -LRB- For Pete 's Sake , The Main Event -RRB- , this one stands the test of time . George Seagull is perfect and sexy as the long-suffering object of a relentless shrew . They should have won Oscars .
 I have many Barbara movies and love them all . She can be funny or serious and her talent is legendry . Ther are two more movies I will be ordering in the future . Thanks . Lorrie G.
 STREISAND AND SEGAL CLICK ! IT IS THE SEXIEST BARBRA STREISAND EVER!SHE IS SMOKIN ' HOT AS THE FOUL-MOUTHED STREETWALKER AND SEGAL NAILS THE STUFFY BOOK CLERK .
 Streisand is young , beautiful and sexy in this absolutely wonderful movie . It 's a true love story . But if you would be offended by seeing quite a lot of flesh , mostly Barbra 's , you may not want to buy this movie . LOL . I WANTED to see Barbra , so I bought it and I did . This is a 10 if I ever saw one . Check it out .
 I remember the first time I saw this in a theater . This version has edited out dialog a few places where they should have left it in.The scene where the main actors run from the hoods in the car makes no sense without the prior 15 seconds of dialog . Other than that , it 's still a great show !
 Doris -LRB- Barbra Streisand -RRB- is having a bad day . It 's raining , she has no money , and now , because of the fact that she is a prostitute , she has been kicked out of her apartment . What does she do ? Of course , she pays a vist to nerdy book clerk Felix -LRB- George Segal -RRB- , who 's snooping is responsible for her eviction.They argue , insult each other , and make so much noise that they both get booted onto the street . After a long , and sleepless , night , love begins to bloom -LRB- or expload -RRB- between them . But falling in love is a lot harder for these two than you might expect.While this is mostly a -LRB- great -RRB- dialogue film , Herbert Ross is able to direct Bill Manoff 's play so well , it never seems tired or stagey.This is an amazing showcase for the talents of Streisand . In her first non-singing role , Barbra gives one of her funniest performances as the last name-changing Doris . Segal excels in his role as the snob/dweeb . This odd couple really creates chemistry -LRB- and sometimes friction -RRB- . If you 're looking for a special , non-traditional romantic comedy , look no more . This film has enough laughs for 10 films !
 After seeing this movie I became amazed that it had taken me such an effort to find a copy of it to rent anywhere . It is a very funny , warm and intelligent piece about friendship that I would recommend to anyone . With great performances by both George Segal and Barbra Striesand . Believe me when I say that all I wanted to do after I saw this film was take a Bubble Bath with Barbra.K.P .
 Streisand and Segal are hysterically funny in The Owl and The Pussycat . Every time I watch it I just roar with laughter . Babs can sure deliver her lines with wit and humor.Love you guys . You 're the best ! Five big stars *****
 would like to own it if it is rereleased
 It is a moving , tender story of young `` intense '' love - the kind we all would love to experience . A real tear jerker . I have tried to find this movie for years . When it 's available - BUY IT and watch it over and over . I will . Mel .
 THE MOST OVERWELMING LOVE STORY EVER ! I REALLY ENJOYED WATCHING IT W / MY GAL ON VALENTINES DAY ! I WISH SOMEONE WOULD MAKE THIS VIDEO AVAILABLE FOR SALE !! IF YOU DO RUSH ME A COPY !! ** DON **
 `` Endless Love '' is a fine adaptation of Scott Spencer 's novel of sexual discovery . The casting of young Brooke Shields and Martin Hewitt is excellent , as well as the outstanding supporting cast . Also , I thought the setting and the background music are fine additions to the movie .
 A story between two teen-agers who fell in love and was torn by their families , I fell in love with the story and I would love to see it over and over again . Do n't miss the chance buy the movie .
 I love how vulnerable both Brooke Shields and Martin Hewitt look in this movie . They really make the whole story so believable .
 The kind of Love Story that you watch as a teenager and you never forget ! What a lesson !
 I love my cd of Endless Love ! You ca n't find it in stores so I was pleased to have found it at Amazon . Thank you and a big thanks to the seller as well . I would recommand Amazon to anyone , you are great ! I received my product in a fast amount of time , it was in the condition that was subscribed . In the future I WILL order from Amazon again also the seller was great and will purchase from him again as well . Again , thanks to both of you !!
 This is such a great film . Great to own . Captures the passion , sexiness , heartbreak and devastation of first love . It 's a bit extreme in how far one man will go for the woman he loves but it makes for a grand story . The book is amazing but watching the characters come to life is great too . No one but Brooke Shields could capture Jade so well and the actor who plays her boyfriend is perfect in the role and makes you really feel his pain . The 80s music is wonderful too and adds to the story . Definitely worth owning . Love the ending because it lets you decide what happens next in their story instead of making it a perfect Hollywood ending . If you get the chance , read the book with the same exact title , by Scott Spencer . There is more detail and more sadness but the same beauty of love is captured .
 `` Endless Love '' , although the movie was quite tiresome and endless ... the title song was a smash hit across the globe in 1981 . The song was recorded under a very busy schedule by Miss Ross & Lionel Richie . Both superstars performed the song in one day , and since then it 's been a love song that has been compiled endlessly & an instant theme for all lovers across the world . Mariah Carey & Luther Vandross revived the song in the early 90 's , but still the original version is unsurpassed.This Soundtrack album includes the title track several times , track one , in full version , track eleven -LRB- Reprise -RRB- and Instrumental & with dialogue taken from the film . Another Gem on the Album is the other Diana Ross / Lionel Richie Duet title `` Thinking Of You '' . Other favorites
 The theme of this Movie is that love is a precious thing . Both David and Jade were beautiful souls inside -LRB- and out -RRB- that they had the capacity to love like this and respond to each other like this . It makes my heart miss a beat to watch some of their scenes together , the gentleness , the kindness and tenderness.So many people are corrupt that they can not tap into this type of love but it is there in everyday life and the way god intended it.The movie was abit choppy at times but the theme and FZ 's stamp still makes this one of my all time favourites . Poetry in motion .
 This story is really about obsessive love , not true love . There is a big difference . David Axelrod is supposed to be an average-looking young man obsessed with beautiful Jade Butterfield . Martin Hewitt is convincing but is extremely handsome in the role of David.The story often leaves the viewers with unanswered questions like , `` why did n't David see Jade at school if he was obsessed enough to set fire to the house ? '' `` Why was Keith so hateful to David when he introduced David to Jade ? '' `` Why did Jade 's parents tell David to stay away for 30 days , saying it was n't changing anything and he was part of their lives ? '' Yet David was uninvited to the Butterfield 's party and they encouraged Jade to talk to other guys . Some of the sex scenes are shot in this horrible blue coloring , and at times , the lines spoken are inaudible . And it seemed a bit silly seeing David still wearing the same shirt two years after he was released from the psychiatric facility . And just how would David address his letters to Jade since her house was burned down ? It would have been nice if we got to see more about the type of people David and Jade were , but Martin Hewitt did the best he could with what he was given . Brooke shields could have shown more emotion in this film , and she displays indifference about David as though not really missing him when they are first separated . The argument scene when Jade is caught taking sleeping pills is a jumbled inaudible mess . Despite these odd things about the film , it remains a personal favorite of mine . I am a fan of Martin Hewitt and also of Brooke Shields . I think that the movie would also be a great remake , given the right actors and the right director . But it wo n't be easy finding faces to replace Martin Hewitt and Brooke Shields .
 I was recently flipping the channels when I first saw this and I came on the scene where Brooke Shields is walking up the stairs to meet up with Martin Hewitt at a party . I was so fascinated by the movie , that I continued to watch it many times after that . Even though it 's not out for release right now , it 's still good -LRB- if you have cable or satellite dish -RRB- to look for it on The Love Stories Channel , which frequently shows it . I love this movie and the song . I do n't understand why some critics have said it was a bad movie , because it 's the best love story I 've ever seen . I 'm reading the book right now , and they 're quite different , but both give a lot of depth and show David 's endless love for Jade .
 I am 27 years old - I first saw this movie when i was 15 and was in my first real relationship - I was in love I was them all the emotions that come with being in a physical relationship with someone you are totally in love withI felt what they were feeling and I totally understand my boyfriend sneaking in - And I to was caught and told I could not see himWe were together a year before we broke it off ourselvesI do n't think this flick is made for men - Its more of a woman 's flick and definantly for those of you who can remember what it was like to be young and in love for the first time - i think it is only those who can remember who will truly connect with how great this movie is
 The main reason to get this CD is because it contains that `` other '' Diana Ross / Lionel Richie duet -- `` Dreaming of You . '' It 's a fun Motown song and only for that reason I give the whole soundtrack 4 stars . Okay , it 's fun to hear KISS sing Disco -LRB- around this time Gene Simons & Diana Ross were an item -RRB- , but the soundtrack could have been a bit more exciting . Ross makes it worthwhile though -LRB- if you like the song Endless Love , check out Ross 's solo version of the song on Why Do Fools Fall In Love -RRB- .
 good quality and very happy with shipping , I was surprised at the great clarity on the dvd , this is an old movie that came out way before dvds , so whoever produced this dvd did a great job , very pleased with product
 Me , who was never really a rocker , love the two rocks songs on this beautiful soundtrack.The song `` Endless Love '' is timeless . I listen to it every morning before going to work and before going to bed at night.The instrumentals are perfect and I love the conversation pieces as well.If I ever get married , Lionel and Diana will definitely be at my wedding through `` Endless Love '' : -RRB- Peace .
 One day , I was sitting in a restaurant . Then this song came up . Then I start think about my ex-boy friend . I do n't hear from him almost 12 years and I do n't even know where he is . I almost crying . I am married and I have four beautiful children but I still have sweet memories in my heart . This song absolutely beautiful and endless .
 i saw this movie when i was about six years old and i rememberedover the years because it impressed me very much . when i was a teenager i saw again in local television and i recorded . after seeing a lot of time and after reading a book called `` EL NI&N tilde ;O QUE ENLOQUECIO DE AMOR '' -LRB- THE BOY WHO WENT CRAZY FROM LOVE -RRB- i understand many things about the movie . maybe it was n't good directed or had great escenography but the message was very clear . love , a great love specially teenagers can went crazy if their love is n't understand by other people or most of it by adults . this movie shows that a person can do anything to get his love , a love that can leads to madness .
 For a being a film from 1981 you have to give this film a little credit , even though I see a lot of reviews where the critics actually bash this movie for it 's boredom ; I personaly have a very soft side for it . It 's just remarkable how Martin Hewitt 's character , `` David '' , never gave up on loving his one and only love played by Brooke Shields , `` Jade '' . I will have to agree that the novel is a bit better and little morbid at times . This film was a box office smash which surpirsed many people so give it a chance and be a little nicer when reviewing it , When do we see love movies this compelling these days . This is a TRUE CLASSIC . Now this item is currently out of stock , AMAZON.COM did use to have one copy left but some ... byer actually bought the movie at ... -LSB- AMAZON.com -RSB- ... . I REALLY wish that this film could be released on DVD . There is one part of the film that is absolutley heart-beaking , the scene when Jade and David finally re-unite after over a year , and where she lies and tells him she does n't love him anymore . If you do n't understand what I am speaking about you should watch the film . I wonder if there is a company I can speak to that will actually have the guts to re-release this video and even on DVD .
 tremendous drama-nonstop action , I am looking to get a copy , but not for 79.99 I wont pay that , can anyone help ??
 the vhs tape was in grest condtionand i was very glad to have purchased it
 I loved this movie the very first time i watched it . I saw raw anguish and hurt . The movie in all , looks chopped together , but I got the point . It should be redone to really show what a tragic love story is really about . The movie left a lasting impression on me .
 In writing a review I honestly ca n't express how much I LOVE this movie.I just first saw this film last sunday on cable and wow , what an experience it was.From the moment Brooke Shields appears on film I was hooked . Brooke and Martin Hewitt 's performances are wonderful , spellbinding and honest . I definitly knew this movie will stay with me forever and will forever be one of my favourit films from seeeing the scene at the party when james spader 's friend Susan is singing the Lionel Richie and Diana Ross song ` Endless Love ' , and Martin Hewitt as David and Brooke Shields as Jade are staring at each other while he 's on the staircase and she 's sitting on her father 's lap . She then get 's up and starts to walk up towards David up the stairwell - WHAT A SCENE - . The beautiful honesty in her face and his , this is a scene I can not stop watching as well as the end scene where there both crying on the bed and kissing each other while Jade 's telling David to look at her and how much she loves him . This movie kept me guessing , I was n't sure what the outcome would be but boy I WAS NOT DISAPPOINTED . I LOVE the song ` Endless Love ' and can not stop playing it on c.d. For all the fans that love Brooke Shields and a real good love story then do not miss this one.When the films over you will want to keep rewatching scenes from the film and wo n't be able to get it out of your head.PLEASE WWW > AMAZON > COM , PLEASE RELEASE THIS FILM ON DVD . PLEASE RELEASE THIS FILM ON DVD .
 The DVD came by the date promised . The audio was in English , just the DVD jacket was in Korean . The DVD worked in my Blu-Ray player and my regular player . The video had good quality .
 I 'm glad to hear that Universal finally released this romantic drama flick with Brooke Shields and Martin Hewitt out on DVD since it was one of Brooke 's best flicks of all times , especially during her adolescent years before she even did the sitcom SUDDENLY SUSAN on NBC from 1996-2000 . ENDLESS LOVE was a moderate box-office success when Universal released this in the Summer of 1981 and the film 's theme song by Diana Ross and Lionel Richie was also called `` Endless Love '' which became a # 1 hit on the radio on the Billboard Hot 100 and was the biggest-selling single in Diana Ross 's career , especially after this movies theatrical release on Friday July 17 , 1981 . In suburban Chicago , 15-year old Jade Butterfield -LRB- Brooke Shields -RRB- and 17-year old David Axelrod -LRB- Martin Hewitt -RRB- fall in love after being introduced by Jade 's big brother Keith Butterfield -LRB- Jimmy Spader -RRB- whom was also supposed to be David 's best friend while Jade & David develop an all-consuming and passionate relationship who become hot-and-heavy as their relationship progresses which ends up turning Jade 's household upside down causing things to go from bad to worse , especially after Keith turns his back on David after discovering that David has been banging his sister and when Jade 's father Hugh Butterfield -LRB- Don Murray -RRB- littereally catches David with his pants down bare-assed in Jade 's bedroom with Jade half-naked too.Jade 's family is known in their community for a Bohemian lifestyle ; they allow the 2 to make love in Jade 's bedroom , but in contrast to the openness of her family , David 's home life is dull since his folks are wealthy political activists who are n't actively involved in his life.One night Jade 's mother Ann Butterfield -LRB- Shirley Knight -RRB- sneaks downstairs in the middle of the night and starts living vicariously after catching David humping Jade in the living room with the 2 lovebirds buck-naked in front of the fireplace , but Ann surprisingly does n't even try to stop them even though that would be unacceptable to most parents , not to mention 2 teenagers having sex in a parents house while the parents are still there is quite suicidal and dumb.As Jade 's relationship with David resumes ; Hugh gets more and more suspicious of the couple by watching them with increasing unease & soon Jade comes to the realization that her intimacy with David are leading to her sleep deprivation & adversely causing her to to do poorly at school , so then Hugh firmly and subsequently tries to persuade David to stop seeing Jade for the rest of the school year till Summer vacation , but then Ann is able to coax David into agreeing with Hugh , despite David being strongly opposed to Hugh 's idea while David 's relationship with Jade goes no where , but downhill from there on forward.Unfortunately , the movie becomes a sad story from there on since David pulls a stunt by starting a fire on the Butterfield 's porch to make himself look like a hero to win Jade back by warning the family about the fire on time , but then his idea backfires and winds up in smoke when the flames spread too far and the Butterfield 's entire house ends up getting lost in the fire resulting in David being arrested & incarcerrated in a crazy house for 2 years after going to trial for arson & is forbidden from ever going near Jade or her family again.Nevertheless , David continues to write daily , but his letters are held and never mailed & does n't recieve them till upon his exit discovering why Jade never wrote back to him thus renewing his spark to pursue her , but when David gets released on probation , he goes searching for Jade & remains in love with her.Meanwhile ; following the loss of the Butterfield 's home , the Butterfield family has moved to New York & Ann and Hugh end up in divorce , but when David gets spotted by Hugh on the streets in Manhattan , Hugh gets killed by a moving car while chasing after David across the street , but then Hugh 's new girlfriend Ingrid Orchester -LRB- Penelope Milford -RRB- and Keith automatically jump to the conclusion that it 's David 's fault for Hugh 's death since David was seen at the scene of the accident & then Keith tries to convince Jade that Hugh would n't be dead if it was n't for David , but Jade still refuses to buy Keith 's story & turns to David for the truth , but then Keith gets in a big scuffle with David before he even got a chance to explain how Hugh 's accident actually occured & then David gets arrested again by the police for brawling & disturbing the peace and then winds up in prison this time seemingly doomed to never see Jade again , but Jade is still convinced that nobody will ever love her the way David does.So then the movie ends with a tearjerking final scene with Jade walking toward the prison where David is being held and doing time at while the song ENDLESS LOVE by Lionel Richie & Dionne Warwick is played and making you wonder why Jade and David wasted their life and wasted their time trying to stay together and reconcile instead of trying to move on with somebody new and avoiding all these hassles , impracticalities , and tragedies & trouble , along with the fact David & Jade 's relationship seemed to more sexual than anything else.But I guess the producers wanted Brooke Shields & Martin Hewitt not to move on to start a new life with someone new in order to make the movie fit up with it 's title to show us what `` Endless Love '' can also be as well , especially since we all have a tendency to do stupid things when we 're in love , especially when we 're young including premarital sex and not always picking the right ones to date and/or marry for that matter either.By the way ; ENDLESS LOVE was also the feature film debut for a number of actos such as * Ian Ziering from BEVERLY HILLS 90210 * Tom Cruise * Jami Gertz * James Spader * Jeff MarcusENDLESS LOVE was also based on a novel , but the differences between the novel and the movie are the novel begins with David burning down the Butterfield 's house in 1967 . * Hugh 's death takes place near the end of the film , but only in the middle of the novel . * After that , in the novel Jade & David reunite & live together in Vermont for 3 months before David gets re-arrested , then David is locked up in mental hospitals for several years , during which time Jade finds somebody new and gets married & moves to Europe & David has sexual relationships with quite a few women . * At the end of the novel , it is 1977 and David gets released and living with an unnamed woman while Jade remains married to someone else in Europe .
 I remember seeing this movie for the first time when it was first released , I was 14 or 15 , After the movie , my friend and I sat in the theater and cried like babies for a good 10 minutes . I have also read the book and they are different . I would enjoy having a copy of this movie , for those days when you need something that touches your heart .
 This was one of Brooke Shields best movie , which was also very touching along with the fact that Brooke Shields and Martin Hewitt were steaming hot in this movie as well as a hot and heavy couple humping around that both Jades family did n't approve of.It was also intriguing watching Brooke Shields -LRB- Jade Buttefield -RRB- doing a couple of sexy lovemaking scenes with partial nudity , especially in Brooke Shields first sex scene with Martin Hewitt -LRB- David Axelrod -RRB- -RRB- buck-naked and bare-assed in the living room when Jade 's mother catches Jade and David making love by the fireplace showing us everything except Martin Hewitt 's wang and Brooke Shields coochie , which was quite astonishing and touching by the way making you want to do those sorts of things with your loved one , whether you 're married or not , especially hubba hubbba , especially when they showed Brooke Shields tatas and fanny as well as Hewitt 's tushy & then Hewitt & Shields 2nd sex scene where David seduces Jade again in her bedroom shortly after Jade 's father catches David in Jades room buck-naked & Jade in the hallway half-naked with no shame or embarassment whatsoever.Unfortunately , this drama flick becomes a sad story from the middle of the movie on since Jade 's relationship with David ends up tearing Jade 's family apart & their household upside down leading to nothing but trouble , anguish , distress , heartache , grief , & even tragedy & death , yet David still ends up doing a lot of stupid things to win Jade back instead of trying to move on with other girls and ends up doing those foolish things to win Jade back for basically nothing , since David ends up in a mental institution in the middle of the movie after he tries to burn Jade 's house down & gets thrown back in the nuthouse again after David gets in a tussle with Jades brother Keith Butterfield -LRB- James Spader -RRB- after Jade 's father dies off while jaywalking to clobber David , but Jade goes to the institute to go visit him , but Jade and David are both obviously still heart broken and distressed along with the fact that the end of the movie makes you want to cry , especially when they play the song `` Endless Love '' by Lionel Ritchie and Diane Ross , but you ca n't help admiring the intimacy between Jade and David in this tragic movie , which can even make you feel envious at times too , but this movie certainly makes a perfect example of the true meaning ENDLESS LOVE with both the title of this movie as well as the song sung by Lionel Ritchie and Diana Ross.Something about this movie that did n't make a lot of sense that I could never understand is why did Jade 's parents Hugh & Ann Butterfield -LRB- Donald Murray , Shirley Knight -RRB- allow Jade and David to sleep together , especially at their house all along until Jade started losing sleep and started going downhill at school , especially since Jade was only 15 years old and too young to be having sex in the first place.In other words why did n't Jade 's folks take action a lot sooner by not ever allowing David to stay at their house in the first place and by not allowing Jade to see David anymore at all ever again after finding out that David and Jade had been sleeping together every night to one another & allowing David to sneak in & out in the middle of the night , plus Keith was supposed to be David 's best friend who had introduced David to Jade and to the Butterfield family , yet Keith turns his back on David as soon as he discovers that David has been banging his sister & disolves his friendship with David in a heartbeat all of the sudden.Anyway , it was also interesting seeing James Spader and Tom Cruise in this movie , especially since it was before they were even stars.Since ENDLESS LOVE was such a big hit back in the Summer of 1981 ; I do n't see why Universal is taking so long to put it on DVD USA for everyone else to be able to buy and watch , so PLEASE release this movie on DVD soon for America.This flick also takes me all the way back to memory lane to when we had all those budget cuts going on from the recession we had back in 1981-1982 when Ronald Reagan was the president .
 I like the movie , so I think that the soundtrack is pretty good . The only song that it is missing is Heart of Glass , but it makes up for it with Endless Love and I Was Made For Lovin ' You . The instrumentals are also pretty good . One even contains some dialogue from the movie which is not all too common anymore in soundtracks .
 if you do n't get this , you do n't get pure passionate love.if you do , you know what is possible.what we can all aspire to in our intimate relationships .
 This movie has had me intrigued for decades . Despite its flaws , this has remained a favorite of mine . I 've always been so fond of the memorable scene at the end with Ann -LRB- Shirley Knight -RRB- and Jade -LRB- Brooke Shields -RRB- walking in the snow . I love the way that scene transitions to the final shot with Jade walking across the street -LRB- with the title score playing in the background -RRB- . I 'm also fond of the casting in this movie ; I think Shirley Knight especially shines in her role as Jade 's free-loving mother . Handsome Don Murray never looked sexier in his role as Jade 's dad , but I think Zeffirelli fails to get a fully believable performance out of him and James Spader , cast as Jade 's brother . Some of the hostility in the scenes between the Murray , Spader and Hewitt characters seem contrived and over-the-top . -LRB- And speaking of contrived , how did that little fire of the porch end up burning down the whole house ? At the point where the characters are screaming and running out of the house , the fire could have been easily contained with a few buckets of water . -RRB- Hewitt , though , is impressive in his first role as David . I 'm very surprised that Hewitt did n't capture more starring roles after this box office success . Shields , still a blossoming actress here , is n't always convincing in her role as Jade , but she still has her moments and her striking beauty leaves a lingering impression . And to the credit of Hewitt and Shields , the chemistry between David and Jade is very believable . -LRB- Score 3.5 stars -RRB-
 While this film certainly is n't Brokeback Mountain , it does give you an exquisite portrayal of love lost/denied and the attendant tragic consequences . Love and youth are sometimes a caustic mix .
 Just love this movie was a VHS tape came in the condition as stated , smooth transaction !
 I love this CD . The ballads are beautiful , and the KISS song is even great ! The only downfall is the instrumental with lines from the movie being spoken ... . to sappy .
 The main reason to get this CD is because it contains that `` other '' Diana Ross / Lionel Richie duet -- `` Dreaming of You . '' It 's a fun Motown song and only for that reason I give the whole soundtrack 4 stars . Okay , it 's fun to hear KISS sing Disco -LRB- around this time Gene Simons & Diana Ross were an item -RRB- , but the soundtrack could have been a bit more exciting . Ross makes it worthwhile though -LRB- if you like the song Endless Love , check out Ross 's solo version of the song on Why Do Fools Fall In Love -RRB- .
 This excellent movie , Endless Love , should be available to all those who are in love with it as much as I am ... I have been looking for a copy for years , this masterpiece should not be concealed ...
 Would love to own this ... this was the first movie my husband I had seen together ... we have the cd with the song ... now we would love the movie ... Please release it ... soon !
 I seen this movie when it first came out in 1981 , and have been looking for it the last year . I found it mo 's ago , and watch it over , and over it never gets old !!!!!
 `` endless love '' has to be the the best love movie i 've ever watched and i wont stop until i get a copy of that tape . the theme song `` endless love '' was really what topped it off .
 `` endless love '' has to be the the best love movie i 've ever watched and i wont stop until i get a copy of that tape . the theme song `` endless love '' was really what topped it off .
 to understand a much misunderstood movie ! Endless Love is one such movie . So what brought me to this conclusion ? Viewing it three times in a row and finally `` getting it . '' You see , when I read reviews depicting this movie as a world-class disaster I was surprised , seeing as how Franco Zeferelli directed it . It could n't possibly be that bad , I thought to myself ... so I rented it . To be honest , the first time I watched it I was a little disappointed . Although the cinematography was excellent , I noticed far too much `` choppiness '' and little editing errors here and there . I was also a bit uncomfortable with the way the storyline was headed , partly because I had my own preconceived notions and felt `` set up '' for something different than what I was seeing . As one reviewer put it , `` Endless Obsession '' would have been a more suitable title , or so I thought at the time . When the movie ended I felt a little uneasy , like I had just missed something big . So what did I do ? I rewound the thing and began to watch again , this time trying to ignore the inconsistancies and kept an open mind . As I sat there immersed in Jade and David 's world , I finally began to understand . Franco Zeferelli knew exactly what he was doing , he was telling us this story through the eyes of these kids , not as the more knowledgable interpreter . To suggest that this movie would have been better if Jade and David 's love had been more `` mature '' is ridiculous . That would have killed the whole point . Were Jade and David truly in love ? Yes , I believe they were ... however , they were n't ready to handle the intense emotions they were experiencing maturity wise , and this is presicely why everything span out of control when Jade 's parents allowed them to have adult relations , especially in their own house ! For many people , sex can be a powerful force , and it 's extremely difficult to break the emotional and physical bond it creates . Most teens are simply too naive and irresponsible to handle the baggage that comes with a sexual relationship . Like the saying goes `` fire is beautiful in a fireplace , but it 's destructive anywhere else . '' I believe Jade 's mother permitted this to go on because of her own longing for her youth , when her kind wholeheartedly believed in `` free love '' and the paradoxal delusion of a `` more innocent time '' ran rampant . Her own twisted nostalgia prevented her from being the older and wiser mother she should have been . When push came to shove and David was banished -LRB- Of course he did n't see that one coming -RRB- , it 's no wonder he lost his mind . They had led him on into thinking that he had already became part of the family , then suddenly BOOM , see ya . So what if it was only a month-long banishment ? A month feels like eternity to a teenager who is in love . As far as David was concerned , They may as well have told him never to come back again . By that time him and Jade had already spun their cocoon , and come hell or high water testosterone driven David was going to protect what they had created . Simply put , bad news and raging hormones do n't mix . I do n't believe that David had `` metal issues . '' He was terribly misguided and in his own mind was almost grieving a death . His idea of being the hero who rescues his beloved Jade is extremely stupid in retrospect , however I could n't help but feel deep pity for him . He needed someone to shake some sense into him and remind him that a month is n't forever , that he still would have seen Jade at school . When I saw David as being the kid he was portraying , my attitude toward his suffering changed . David is a classic example of Freud 's theory of `` Return of the Repressed , '' by denying yourself you create what you fear . David and Jade were the victims of a self-fulfilling prophecy , perpetuated by the ignorance and indifference of their parents . In it 's own way , Endless Love is a masterpiece , because it does n't automatically assume that what Jade and David are experiencing is `` puppy love , '' but rather reluctantly allows the idea of them being in love and poses the question `` what if ? '' What if they really are in love , how would it work given the circumstances they are in ? Given their lack of maturity , wisdom , positive family influences , life experiences , etc. , how exactly would their love flourish ? The answer is sad but very realistic . A love at that stage in life has a nil chance of surviving , and even if it does work out , it wo n't be the likes of a storybook fairy tale . Chances are that the road will be full of impossible hurdles , road blocks and many tears . Problems are inevitable , however love is a precious thing and the movie does its best to emphasize it in the end . Was this movie perfect ? NO , I would n't go that far . I think that for its time , it does stick out among all the other teen flicks that were made during that decade . Next to Risky Business , Endless Love is one of the better movies that actually have depth if you look for it . Just my humble opinion !
 THIS IS ONE OF THE BEST LOVE MOVIES OF THE 80 'S , MUCH LIKE A SOAP OPERA AND BROOKE SHIELDS AT HER BEST . MOREOVER IT WAS THE FIRST MOVIE WHERE TOM CRUISE MADE A CAMEO APPEARANCE AND ALSO THE FIRST MOVIE FOR JAMES SPADER . THE SOUNDTRACK WAS SUPERB ... A STORY ABOUT TEENAGE LOVE AND HOW PARENTS CAN SPLIT TEENAGE COUPLES AND MAKE THEIR SON 'S LIFE MISERABLE . I LOVE THIS MOVIE AND I JUST HOPE IT IS RELEASED ON DVD BEFORE WE ARE TOO OLD TO WATCH AND ENJOY IT ...
 I really do love and adore Endless Love . This really should get a DVD release in the US , cause many fans are missing out.What can I say about Endless Love?I love it ! The first time I watched it I fell in love with it , and became a little obsessed with it.This is a film I 'll forever hold a special place in my heart for.Martin Hewitt as David and Brooke Shields as Jade captured something special and beautiful between these two characters . I got sucked in from the beginning ! . It 's an awesome , heartfelt film , and Martin Hewitt was spectacular ! He really should of had a bigger , better career in film.I recommend this movie to anyone that loves a strong , passionate love story about real , true love .
 I had seen this movie when it came out years ago in the theater . I found it on VHS years ago , but it had a horrible soundtrack , scratchy and garbles.I am pleased to say that the video is very clean , but I gave it four stars because if you watch closely in a few spots , the dialog appears to be off from their lips moving . Not too horrible , I still enjoyed being able to watch this classic on DVD .
 I first saw this movie when I was 15 and it cut deep into my soul . I was experiencing my first breakup -LRB- heart break -RRB- , ... thanks Mike :-LRB- I saw this movie three times when my mom dropped me off at the Deptford Six I cried through the whole movie all three times . This movie expresses the intensity of young teen age love , which while you 're going through it feels `` endless . '' David was not crazy just hormonal . I recommend this movie to any grownup who has teenage children . Rent it again and you 'll understand why your daughter/son is still on the phone at 3:00 in the morning ! Life is too short to forget the greatness of first love . How I miss those days .
 I 've been looking for this movie all over the place and i ca n't find it on dvd , so you are my last hope for this movie you 're the best place to find old things that when we were young our parents do n't let us see this movie 'cause of the content but i saw it anyway and it 's a beautiful love story .
 I saw this movie when I was about 15 years old and totally related through what the characters were going through . The acting is superb ! A must buy for any Brooke Shields fan ... Zeffirelli captures youth and innocence just like in Romeo and Juliet !!!! I wish they would release it on DVD for the rest of us in the States .
 Fantastic love story that deserves to be released on DVD.What are they waiting for ?
 This imported DVD has a nice picture . It comes in the original aspect ratio of approximately 1:85 anamorphic widescreen . The audio is in Dolby Digital Mono and has Korean , Spanish , English and Italian subtittles . Buy it while you can because this movie is not available in DVD in the United States .
 Wonderfully acted by a young Brooke Shields ! The male lead was great too and of course the classic song with the same title !
 I love this movie so much that I used it as a romantic test on my future hubby -LRB- married 4 years now -RRB- . A few weeks after we met , I rented the movie and decided that if this did not make him cry then he was not a true romantic . By the end of the movie we both were crying . The theme song ended-up being our vocal song at our wedding . We would love to have this movie to enjoy and to cry for them and the joy we shared on our special day !!!
 This is one of my favorite movies of all times . It 's on the list with Pretty Woman , An Officer and a Gentleman and Indecent Proposal . It 's love at its ultimate . Although the acting was so so the story was well written .
 Writing about this film brings back a flood of memories because when I first saw it , it was in the theater and I saw it with some friends and a girl who I refer to as my `` endless love '' . Nowadays , it 's popular to refer to such a person as a soul-mate but for me and in that time in my life , she was my endless love and to this day , over 20 years later , I 'm still in love with her.This film has to be seen through that light . It has to be viewed through the eyes of what you remember most about that one person who you would have done anything for , perhaps even things that would have taken you beyond the boundaries of sanity and legality.The film itself was n't a great production and it 's difficult to squeeze a book the size of the original novel into a film only that long but at the same time , it was a stroke of genius . While there have been teen films that explored love on a superficial level , I ca n't think of any films that looked at love from the perspective of such a powerful obsessive desire.Speaking for myself , there was a time when I would have done anything to convince this one girl that being with me was a fundamental truth and I would have given my life for her . Looking back of course , you mature , you become more self-involved , you think more so of your needs and what you want to get through life . But there was a time when I looked at life through the eyes of love and sacrifice . At that time , it seemed more like you were living in a Disney film and the happy ending was right around the corner . `` Endless love '' is the story of just such an obsession . Forgetting about some of the plot points and angles and silliness of the production , if you can just put yourself into that time of your life when obsession dominated your thinking and then feel your way through the film as to what the main character , David , was feeling as he lost his true love and then started losing his hold on his sanity . That 's the way to watch this film otherwise you 're just wasting your time and you 'll find yourself focusing on production details .
 I ca n't help it , for me this soundtrack brings back memories of my own first passionate love . I like the title song , I like Cliff Richards , Kiss and the instrumentals and I really enjoy the movie dialogue mix . An old personal favorite for all those romantic reasons .
 I have read the newer reviews , & kids these days just do not appreciate the good `` older movies '' . I can remember watching thismovie OVER & OVER & OVER again years ago . It is one of the best `` younger age '' movies of it 's time . Movies now have changed -LRB- for the worse in my opinion -RRB- , & in it 's day , this movie was extraordinary . Endless Love is & will always be part of my video collection ... A classic in it 's time ... I can only hope I 'll get it on DVD one of these days -LRB- please release it !!!! -RRB- . It 's worth every penny in my book !
 The song Endless Love is our first wedding dance -LRB- song -RRB- it is truly romantic to my husband and I and brings very fond memories of our wonderful day !!!
 FIRST OFF I SURE HATE THAT THIS MOVIE IS OUT OF STOCK AT THIS TIME . THIS IS ROMEO AND JOLIET ON THE BIG SCREEN . THIS MOVIE SHOWS HOW TWO TEENAGERS FALL IN LOVE AND REBEL AGAINST ANYONE WHO TRIES TO DIVIDE THEIR ROMANCE . THEY EACH REASSURE EACH OTHER THAT THEIR LOVE IS ENDLESS.IF YOUR LOOKING FOR A LOVE STORY THIS IS TRUELY A LOVE STORY.I HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS FLICK .
 This could only happen in a movie . Jake and Luhann are together and ready to marry , at least Luhann is . Jake , during a bout with cold feet and wanting to be sure he is making the right decision , has an affair with another woman . In order to be fair to his intended , Jake confesses to Luhann , who ends the relationship . Jake then gives his fiancee a deal based on payback
 SEE THIS FILM.No one should be offended by the infidelity in this film . There is no gratuitous or unnecessary sex in this film . In fact they do n't show anything more than kissing . The main characters , Luanne and Jake are engaged but he cheats . He does it to makes sure he is n't missing out or whaterever . The point is , he was wrong to do it . He realizes that he is n't missing out and that he has no doubt about wanting to marry her . He confesses and wants her to date another man to make it even so they can move on . It 's twisted but I understand why he would do it . The problem is that it 's a overly simplistic , shortsighted way to resolve it , so it goes further than he expects . The thing I loved about this film is that it forces her to examine her expectations and fantasies about love , marriage and morals realistically . There was no sugarcoating or ignoring real human emotions . In this movie they did n't make any technical distinctions based on where they were in their relationship . Like , `` she can get over it because they were on a break '' She had to deal with the reality that he made a selfish decision that ruined their perfect record . She had to make a hard decision about what she wanted now . They did n't patronize women by having her go out on a string of wacky dates with crazy men and go running back gratefully to her cheating ex-fiancee . And they did n't have her change her morals dramatically . She learned some things without totally succumbing to cynicism and lowering her standards to fit in a unworthy man . Because it bugs me when women act like any man is better than none so they accept someone who they ca n't even discuss with their girlfriends without being ashamed . The story was refreshing and it did n't seem low budget.This looked ` real ' and real was looking pretty nice . They had nice apartments and clothes . The actors were attractive and dressed suitably for their setting . They did n't seem unreal at all . I wish Billie James was in something else because I was impressed .
 This is a charming romantic/comedy musical retelling of Cinderella.It is in excelent condiction and wonderful music and magicel story telling.I love how the actors and actresses all seem to pull together in this enchanting film .
 I have been waiting and waiting and waiting for this movie to be available ! I have been looking for it for the past ten years . It 's the best story of Cinderella I think I have seen -LRB- Ever After is a very close second . -RRB- Richard Chamberlain is a dashing Prince and Gemma Craven is a lovely Cinderella . I love the Fairy Godmother -LRB- her name slips me at the moment . -RRB- All the songs are great and I love the big song and dance scene with all the hired help in the castle . It 's great choreography ! If you love a good love story , this one is GREAT !
 Finally , it 's going to happen on April 25,2000 . I just could n't believe that a video of one of the best musicals ever made did n't exist . My daughter and I recorded it years ago when she was little and we have watched it over and over for years . You have to get this movie just for the songs which were nominated for the Academy Awards . This movie is destined to become an all time classic . Now , many more people will get to experience the best Cinderella story of all . It 's been long overdue .
 The first version I saw starred Lesley Ann Warren and Stuart Damon . Not being a viewer of soap operas , I never saw him before this movie filmed as a play , but I did know of Celeste Holmes who played the fairy godmother . I think my favorite number was watching Warren pantomining the various people she pretended to be while in her little corner . Then I saw Brandy take on the role and loved Jason Alexander singing about the ball , though I did n't care much for Whoopi 's characterization as Prince Charming 's mother . Then came The Slipper and the Rose and I finally felt as if I had seen a movie that knew how to tell the story of the improbable romance between a prince seeking to marry for love rather than position , and a servant girl who could only dream of going to a ball . The music , scenery , costumes , the fabulous Austrian countryside were magnificent . I of coure knew Richard Chamberlian , though mostly from his role as Dr. Kildare , and Kenneth More , though I ca n't recall from where . Most of the cast members were unknown to me , but I was not disappointed with a single one . One scene I look forward to is the transformation scene , especially watching the white mice raise their arms over their heads , then lower them to become horses . Watching the frog jumping and taking on the look of a person , then becoming one , was fun . Those glass slippers sure looked a lot more interesting than those Warren wore . In the beginning , Prince Edward was wishing he could be two people so one half could marry the woman of his choice . Further into the movie , we hear his servant wishing he could marry Caorline , but not able to because of her station , which was echoed in the number Position and Positioning . Then Edward knights John and tells him he can marry the Lady Caroline . After Lord Chamberlain tells Cinderella she can not marry the prince because it would not be in the best interests of the kingdom , we wonder how that will be changed , since we do know he will marry her . A lot of twists and turns , ups and downs , but plenty of good -LRB- to me -RRB- musical numbers to enjoy . I loved the closing credits where we see the performers ' names -LRB- including the dog , Fred -RRB- so we know who played whom . I had no trouble with the length of the movie , and never get tired of watching it .
 Five stars are not enough for this musical ! I am so gland this movie is FINALLY out in video . I have looking for it for YEARS . I have 6 copies of it I have made off TV . It is one of my ALL TIME FAVORITE musicals , right up there with THE SOUND OF MUSIC , MY FAIR LADY , GIGI . No matter how many times I see it , I still laugh and cry . It is the BEST version of Cinderella I have seen and would recommend it to ANYONE if you like a good romance , great music , beautiful costumes and great scenery . Great for all ages . I recommend it to EVERYONE .
 I liked this movie very much . It 's the second in my personal list of CINDERELLA movies . R. Chamberlain was a great Prince and Gemma Craven a beautiful Cinderella .
 Its wonderful seeing this classic out on DVD . I first saw this on a Philadelphia station showing a print that had already gone purple , and it was still amazing . Treat yourself-its wonderful !
 My dance teacher made us -LRB- eh . . forced -RRB- to watch this movie in edition to THE RED SHOES . At first , our entire class was bored to death with the opening scenes , but soon we were fish bait
 This is my favorite verson of the Cinderella story . The film cut is a little off -LRB- the sides of the film seem to be cut off -RRB- , but I enjoy watching it nonetheless and singing along with the fun music .
 I loved getting the Slipper and the Rose for my wife and her Sister .
 I first saw this musical on television as a child . I taped it from the TV and would watch it , rewind it and watch it again . I searched high and low for a better copy of the movie than the one I owned . When I saw that it was available on DVD , I pre-ordered it.This is a film that ranks amoungst the best of the best musicals . A truly beautiful musical score , stunning sets and costumes , a wonderful cast boasting actors/actresses all with individuality and true talent.The extra commentries etc. all provide insightful information about the film 's storyline , it 's actors and actresses , and anything else that might be of interest.A classic Cinderella story , but written from the Prince 's perspective , The Slipper and the Rose is a beautiful film not to be missed by any lover of musicals , romance , comedy or fantasy .
 Certainly Richard Chamberlain is the consummate Prince , and Gemma Craven is a delightful Cinderella . However , the deliciously comical Fairy Godmother warmed my heart and made me smile . This is n't a belly-laughing version of Cinderella . It is more period correct , like Drew Barrymore 's `` Ever After '' , but having been made in 1976 , it makes me think the producers of Drew 's movie stole some ideas from this pleasing movie . It is less cartoonish than Rogers & Hammerstein , which definitely appeals to children , especially little girls . Overall , I 'd say this is the best musical version of Cinderella you 'd ever lay eyes on !
 This came out when my daughters were 10 and 12 and they thoroughly loved it . The music is first rate and the story is classic , obviously . I found myself watching it with them and still find myself humming the tunes 22 years later . Six months ago I tried to find it in video and was disappointed that it was n't available . I recommend it to anyone with small children , an ear for music , and an appreciation of classic fairy tales .
 This is one of those rare movies you 'll want to rewind and watch again and again . An absolutely beautiful film filled with unforgettably beautiful songs , wonderfully funny and delightful characters and ... well , there are no words good enough to praise it , it 's a must have , a movie you should see , and once seen you 'll want to see it again and again . I have no idea how often I 've watched this movie but each time I do it always has the same effect on me , even when I watch it twice the same day and now it 's being released on DVD and I 'll finally be able to see it in widescreen ... wonderful . DO N'T PASS THIS ONE BY , It 's worth every cent .
 I 've been hoping to see this movie released for years . This is the movie I went to see at the movie theater instead of Star Wars . I made a good choice . The music is great and the characters are what makes this movie a must have . I do n't know how they managed to make a movie this funny and romantic too .
 IT IS A BEAUTIFUL AND MAGICAL STORY , MY MOM ALSO LIKE IT ALOT . WE LIKE RICHARD CHAMBERLAIN A LOT HE IS A GREAT ACTOR . I THINKHIS PARTICIPATION IN THIS WONDERFUL STORY MAKES IT AN EXCELLENT ONE
 I grew up on this video , taped off the TV , scratchy and fuzzy , the release of it excites me to no end . This is a great movie with songs that stick in your head and a story that is actually believable ! -LRB- amazingly enough -RRB- A good buy !
 I also fell in love with this musical years ago and have searched ever since for it . I ca n't believe it is finally being released.The story of Cinderella is told with a little more of the Prince 's viewpoint . Of course , Richard Chamberlain is great as the Prince , and Gemma Craven as Cinderella , but one of my favorites is the actor who plays the King , Michael Hordern . He is so funny and I love the `` Protocoligorically Correct '' number . But of course it is the love songs that are the greatest , `` Secret Kingdom '' and `` When She Danced with Me '' . It 's all just so magical . I ca n't wait to get it ! If you love the lavish musicals , it 's a must !
 I have waited a long time for this movie to come out on video . I taped this move 12 years ago and I finally wore it out . I find this movie to be funny , serious and it brings out all types of emotions . Chamberlain and Craven are wonderful as the Prince and Cinderella . I especially love the King who rules his kingdom with absentmidedness .
 I first saw this movie as a teenager and have loved it ever since . I too , had a very poor copy taped off T.V. that was almost worn out . The songs are wonderful -LRB- who can forget `` A bride-finding ball '' ? -RRB- and the scenery is beautiful . I wish that I could give more than 5 stars for this wonderful movie .
 This has long been my favorite movie ever made . As a lover of fairy tales , it sparked my interest immediately , and as a girl my favorite fairy tale of all was `` Cinderella . `` Here , the Sherman Brothers -LRB- writers of `` Mary Poppins '' -RRB- have brought this classic story to a whole new level . The richness of this tale is unsurpassed . In spite of its being fairly cheesy -LRB- hardly surprising in a fairy tale , after all -RRB- it is also wonderfully charming . The story is expanded excellently , and this new release of it includes never-before-seen footage as well . The added footage was wonderful , I was so upset that they had actually left it OUT ! There are even two new songs that were not in the original release , and a couple of other songs are expanded.The music is breathtaking and sometimes downright haunting -LRB- as in the case of `` Tell Him Anything '' or `` I Ca n't Forget the Melody '' -RRB- , the cinematography is gorgeous , and the costumes are simply unbelievable ! I wanted to be in that movie if only for the sake of those scrumptious costumes ! ; - -RRB- For the lover of the musical , or simply a lover of fairy tales , this is the best of them all .
 `` Wonderfully , beautifully it happens and your world is new , '' says Cinderella in this long awaited film , which is FINALLY being released in its entirety -- the full length , British version ! This wonderful , lavish musical of the story of Cinderella , stars Richard Chamberlain as the Prince , Gemma Craven as Cinderella , and a wonderful cast including Annette Crosbie , Michael Hordern , Christopher Gable , Kenneth More , Margaret Lockwood , and Dame Edith Evans . The musical score is brilliantly written by the incomparable Sherman Brothers , who also co-wrote the script with Director Bryan Forbes . This is a great film for all ages , and sure to be a perfect addition to your movie collection.ALSO INCLUDED on the DVD are an audio commentary by director Bryan Forbes , a video interview with the Sherman Brothers , and a promotional featurette -- `` Cinderella Story
 I first saw that movie when I was in second grade and I remember putting `` Gemma Craven '' -LRB- the actress , who plays Cinderella -RRB- as my `` Favorite Actress '' in my diary . I have seen this movie so many times now and I can watch it over and over again ... The music is amazing -LRB- by the Sherman Brothers , who also wrote `` Mary Poppins '' and `` Chitty Chitty Bang Bang '' -RRB- . The story is so detailed and realistic for those times and full of humor and subtle irony . Everytime I watch that movie I find another detail that makes me smile - it is definitely not only for children , but also for adults with a big heart . It was produced with a love to detail . The costumes and the scenery are truly magical and splendid . There are no words to really describe the beauty of them . The dancing scenes are wonderfully choreographed and danced . The actors not only play their roles - they ARE them . I would not change one single actor - they all are so unique and could not have been chosen better
 I think I was about five years old when I first saw this movie , and immediately I was hooked . It tells the story of Cinderella , and has to be one of the most lavish tellings of the tale that I have ever seen . The sets and scenery are beautiful , as are the magnificent houses which remind me of the castles we all longed to live in as young children . All roles in the film are cast perfectly , especially Margaret Lockwood as the wicked stepmother , who makes life hellish for our beautiful heroine.The Slipper and the Rose , never takes itself too seriously , but at all times remains engaging . At the time of its theatrical release , this film was not received well , however everyone that I know who has seen it , has remarked on what a fun , witty , and romantic film it is , with fantastic music and songs that you hum for days afterwards . Definitely one for the collection .
 I remember seeing this when I was young , but could n't remember the name of it . I was delighted when I found it again . While some of the songs in this are not the best work ever in a musical , -LRB- `` Proticoligorically Correct '' comes to mind , which in my opinion drags the movie down a bit -RRB- , the acting of the cast in the rest of the film more than makes up for it . The showstopping song and dance of `` Position and Positioning '' is particularly fine , and does bring back memories of the rooftop dancing from `` Mary Poppins , '' which was also the work of the creative team on this film.Even those actors who do n't have any lines to speak of add to the fun , including the Queen mother of `` the other bride , '' whose facial expressions while her husband and the King of Euphrania discuss the problem of their disobedient children make me laugh every time I see it.The leads do a wonderful job in this , particularly Richard Chamberlin , who portrays a very kind and thoughtful prince . As with many veteran actors , you can almost see what he is thinking when he is onscreen . -LRB- Veteran , indeed ; I still find it hard to believe that he was 40 when he played this role ! -RRB- The fact that we actually get to know the prince is one of the things that make this retelling of the tale superior to others . He has at least as much screen time as does Gemma Craven , and it adds to the richness of the story.Gemma Craven , as the main character , does a fine job , managing to stay just this side of sappy . Often with the Cinderella story , I feel the urge to slap the girl silly , most often because the actress in the role is sort of `` parroting '' goodness . Ms. Craven 's performance leaves you believing that Cinderella is simply a noble being , willing even to sacrifice her own happiness for the good of the people in her homeland , and trying to ensure that the man she loves will not be miserable when he finds she has done so . You ca n't help being delighted for her when things turn out right in the end.The best performance by far , though , in this movie is that of Annette Crosby as the Fairy Godmother . Rather than the sugary-sweet version that we are served up in the other versions of the Cinderella story , Ms. Crosby 's performance is delightfully tart and very funny . This version also finally explains the reason for the `` leave before the stroke of midnight '' stricture , which has always been an irritating point in the classic fable . * Why * does Cinderella have to leave before midnight ? The explanation in this version at least makes sense.For fans of the Cinderella myth , this is a good version to choose .
 I saw this movie years ago on the Disney Channel , fell in love , taped it , and have worn out the tape . I have been searching for over ten years for this wonderful musical and was utterly delighted to find it finally available . The characters are intelligent , funny , and believeable . The plot fleshes out the familiar story and adds enough twists and inside jokes to keep adults guessing but keeps it colorful and magical enough for kids to love it too . The music is memorable enough that even without seeing it for years I can still hum the tunes . Cinderella and her prince are as charming and noble as any self-respecting fairy tale lover would wish and the Fairy Godmother nearly steals the show . This wonderful movie can be summed up in one word
 I found this movie one day on the Disney Channel while flipping throug the channels . I only saw the last hour or so , but I was enthralled . I have looked for it for 2 years . Then I discovered it 's finally on video . I bought it at once , naturally . This is the most romantic version of the famous tale that I 've ever seen . Richard Chamberlain does an outstanding performance as the prince . He 's handsome , charming and witty . I 'm surprised more of the princesses did n't agree to come to the bride finding ball . Gemma Cravens is the perfect Cinderella
 I watched this movie when it first came out thirty years ago . The music is wonderful . Just what you would expect . The take on the story is a little different but not so different as to disappoint diehard Cinderella fans . There is more of a back story to the Prince and a new dilemma keeping him and Cinderella apart . The stepmother and stepsisters are divine . They nailed the parts . The fairy godmother is a riot and probably my favorite character in this movie . The incidental love story of the prince 's companion-at-arms and a lady-in-waiting is very charming . I have always loved fairy tales and I was not disappointed in the retelling of one of the world 's favorites .
 I first saw this movie about 4 years ago on HBO . It stayed in my memory ever since then , and one day , when I came home from school it was on the Romance Channel . Imagine my surprise ! I sat and watched the whole thing , I taped it as well , and I remembered all the songs by heart ! It is such a good movie . It by far surpasses all the Cinderella movies I have seen . Emma and Richard are two of the best actors I have seen . The scenery is beautiful , the songs are supurb , and the acting is just very well done . Its extremely romantic , if you are into that kind of thing . Even if you are not , it is the best movie for people of all ages . If I could give it more than 5 stars , believe me , I would !
 I enjoyed this movie very much . I watched it on TV one night and I am overjoyed that it is coming out on video . The Slipper and the Rose is the Cinderella story . There is a fairy godmother , but the story does n't rely on magic to help it along . Cinderella and Prince Edward must work through realistic problems and make hard decisions . All the characters are well developed . The movie is an entertaining , delightful way to spend an evening , and I think that all romantics out there will enjoy it . Thank you .
 I have loved this movie since I first saw it several years ago , and have been searching for a copy of it on VHS for years . It is charming , eccentric , and funny . It ca n't decide whether to be serious or campy , and is certainly at it 's best when it 's campy ! Some great moments . If you always wanted to see Richard Chamberlain sing and dance , now 's your chance !
 If you are not a fan of musicals , this one is not going to change your mind . But if you can tolerate them at times , or even really enjoy the genre , then you should find much to like about the Slipper and the Rose . It portrays the classic Cinderella tale from the perspective of the Prince , who is determined to marry for love , not for the political advantages his father the King is seeking from his only son 's marriage.The castles and scenery , filmed primarily in Austria are beautiful , as are the magnificent costumes . The Sherman Brothers music is marvelous -- at times catchy and whimsical , at other times filled with touches of melancholy . The large ensemble cast is first rate , headed by Richard Chamberlain as the Prince , and Gemma Craven , in her film debut , as Cinderella.Having watched this musical several times , I found I appreciated the delightful touches of wit more with each viewing , particularly from the clueless King , played by Michael Horden , and from his nephew Montague , played most amusingly by Julian Orchard . The Fairy Godmother is truly an original , and one of the many highlights , along with her little dog.This was Richard Chamberlain 's first musical , but watching him , you would never know it -- he inhabits the role of Prince Edward with his usual grace and poise , and the period costumes look , as always , stunning on him . His velvety singing voice , as well as the smooth , flowing way he dances the waltz with Cinderella , may come as a surprise to those who only remember him from his years of portraying Dr. James Kildare.The only drawback to an otherwise top-rate production is the length -- at 2 hours and 24 minutes , I think this film is a tad too long . But this is a minor complaint ... I continue to derive great pleasure from this most unique , creative take on the tale of Cinderella .
 This is my all-time favorite movie/musical . I love it ! I know all the songs by heart . When I was ten , I danced around our family room to the vinyl record until it was all scratched up until every song skipped -LRB- you now have to be a certain age to get that -RRB- . Anyway , it was my favorite movie and still is . Everyone in your family will enjoy this movie , but if you have a little girl-this is the movie she must have because it 's the best version of Cinderella she 'll ever hear and funny too ! And , if you 're lucky , this movie may become one of those perfect childhood memories - it sure is one of mine .
 After waiting for years for the release of this film on tape , it has finally happened and was worth waiting for . It is a delightful , tunefull version of the Cinderella story . With the exception of Richard Chamberlain as the Prince , all the actors are British and wonderful in their roles . Gemma Cravan is a complete delight as Cinderella . She is a major musical star in London and it is easy to see why from this performance . Normally the version shown on American TV is about 125 minutes long , this tape is the full 143 minute version . The songs by the Sherman Brothers , who wrote a number of Disney musicals including `` Mary Poppins '' are wonderful . Anyone looking for a really good entertainment should check out this production .
 I saw this movie in the movie theater when I was 10 years old . For years I looked for it to be on TV and have always considered it my favorite movie , even though none of my friends had ever seen it . When my now husband and I were dating we were talking favorite movies . He asked me what my favorite was and I told him it was one nobody had ever seen and did not tell him . I then asked him what his favorite movie was . He said it was also one nobody had ever seen and was called `` The Slipper and the Rose '' . I knew then we were meant to be together ! Twenty-four years later it is still the favorite movie for both of us.I bought the DVD and CD when it finally became available . Love the story , love the music , love the actors . Not your usual Cinderella story because of the twist at the end . I especially love the waltz scene where they first meet , the Rockette kicking line and dancing on tables with the King and his advisors , and the song and dance in the mausoleum . Romance , comedy , drama , singing -- it has it all.I have introduced this movie to others , including my children who love it as much as I do . Wish it was n't now so expensive to buy because they would like it for their DVD collection too !
 I have n't seen this in about 15 years probably , but I am glad that I finally found this movie . For years , I 've had vague pictures in my mind of a lovely Cinderella-type movie that I used to watch in the 80 's when I was in elementary school . I am so glad that my search led me to the movie ! I 'm amazed that the few images I still had of it in my mind made sense when I saw the title and picture.This movie is good , but I would think that unless you have fun memories tied to it , it would be too `` outdated '' to suddenly watch it and love it right now in the 2000s , unless you happen to love older musical movies from the 70s and 80s . I do n't think I would like it as much if I 'd just watched it right now . It 's mostly meaningful because I remember watching it when I was little and have good memories of it .
 With so many different Cinderella stories out there , , this one strikes a cord , the music is beautiful and the characters feel well real . This is a cinderella version every household should have
 One of the best Cinderella stories of all times . Would recommend this movie to everyone
 I loved it . It 's a wonderful fairy tale -LRB- and if you see some kitschy decorations is because the Godmother is a bit eccentric -RRB- .
 This is a wonderful musical version of `` Cinderella '' , which i may add is not a Children 's fairy tale , it has only been reduced down so that children will get the gist of the tale . But back to the movie , it 's amazing . musical lovers will be in heaven , i know i was . The music is cheesy but in the way that you love and are too taken for a ride . you wo n't be disappointed if you 're not a man . -LRB- if you 're a man and enjoyed it , KUDOS ! -RRB-
 I absolutely love this movie , saw it for the first time as a kid , had an old video version , which I taped off tv . The dvd is so much better , you get to see it restored and uncut . Awesome , one of the best musicals made , love the music !
 I 'm not an elegant writer like most people who review movies and books and such . All I can say is that I LOVED this movie . It goes beyond the simple Cinderella story , explains a lot -LRB- why did all of the fairy godmother 's magic change back at midnight EXCEPT for the glass slippers ? -RRB- , offers memorable music and delightful characters , and is one of the movies you 'll want to watch again and again . It is appropriate for children , and at the same time will have the adults laughing at humor that will go over the heads of the small children . Yes , you want to buy this movie .
 this film uis the bvest film i have ever seen the music is so fun and the story is great and so magical . I love the cindrella story and i feel thatthis film expands the story in a very successful way . My favorite part of the film is where edward finds cinderella on his horse . It is so romantic i didnt realise until now that you could get it on dvd but i will be ordering it straight away .
 I love this portrayal of the Cinderella story.It 's a musical - and Richard Chamberlain is really entertaining . The storyline is a bit more complex than the typical Cinderella story , which is nice . There 's enough to it to justify an entire movie.The colors and music and dancing in this movie are very , very beautiful.I loved this movie as a child , and it 's still one of my favorites .
 Romantic . Beautiful Settings . Believable characters , and Bryan Forbes took the story just a little bit further to make it better than any other version I have ever seen . Worth seeing over and over , no matter what your age .
 I watched the film when I was a young girl . It was fantastic and magical then . 20 years later , I have just watched it again on the new DVD and it was just as wonderful . It brings back all those magical feelings that I have n't felt for a long long time.Films nowadays are full of exciting sequences , but yet they do n't really give you the magical feeling that you felt when you were a young child . This film transports you back into that magical realm!Richard Chamberlain and Gemma Craven were perfect in their roles . Gemma was extremely likable and had a very charming singing voice .
 This was one of my all time favourite classic films as a kid - its ideal for daughters everywhere ! The story line is suitable even for young children and gives a funny yet beautiful cinematic edge to the Cinderella story .
 My friend first lent me this video a while ago ... and I had a hard time giving it back ! This little known , yet very charming musical based on the story of Cinderella is one of the best musicals I 've seen . I could n't see Richard Chamberlain playing the prince , but he does an excellent job and his singing is great ! Gemma Craven is perfect in the role of Cinderella and her singing voice is superb . I especially love `` I ca n't forget the Melody '' . The fairygodmother is the best I 've seen and the Dowager Queen adds her own brand of comdedy to the script . This is a great family musical with beautiful sets and costumes . The dancing is excellent and the story is extremly witty and quite funny . This is a not to be missed musical !
 I am so excited that this is available that I felt I have to share it . Richard Chamberlain in this film was my first love as a child of 8 or 9 . This led to the inevitable love of him as Father Ralph Debricassar -LRB- sp ? -RRB- in The Thorn Birds ... such a star in the old fashioned way . Now that I have a daughter of my own I am so thrilled to be able to show her The Slipper and the Rose ... although she 's only 7 months old so it could be a stretch at this stage !
 I love this movie dearly and appreciate the prompt service . The DVD is in perfect condition . Thank you !
 This is the best ever !! I was so glad to find it on DVD . For those who really like the movie there is also the CD SOUNDTRACK available right here at Amazon.com .
 The most wonderful !
 I love this movie , absolutely and positively . Ca n't remember how I stumbled on it.The DVD verious needs serious work by those who restore movies . The colors are awful and the editing of the last few minutes is unforgiveable .
 Beautiful movie , lavish costumes and locations , fantastic actors , Richard Chamberlain superb as the Prince Charming ... the only deceipt was the casting of Cinderella . The actress playing Cinderella is too Plain Jane to believe that the Prince would go head over heels over her . IMO , a `` Grace Kelly '' type of actress would have made a better Cinderella .
 I love this film , have since I was about 12 or 13 it is a beautiful piece of musical history ! Some folks here have complained about how long the songs are , well folks go watch any old musical and the songs are n't short!Disney 's one of the few musical filmakers who does short songs because they are marketing their films for kids.While this film is perfectly acceptable for kids it was not made for children , it was made for adults to listen and love the songs , humor and storytelling of one of the oldest tales of all time !
 I absolutely enjoyed this movie considering I have seen it in it 's different versions . The music and the story are put together beautifully that it makes the original Cinderella story look like a fantasy . This movie is the best version that I have viewed of the Cinderella saga .
 I had an old video copy of `` The Slipper and the Rose '' which has basically deteriorated from time and use . Then , miracle of miracles , I found the move had been released on DVD . It is absolutely glorious . The sound , the picture quality , and the interview with Bryan Forbes have to been seen to be believed . I 've watched it 3 times in a week , and have shed so many tears of joy .
 20 years ago I got this musical on Beta video tape . When we could n't play the Beta any longer , I thought I 'd never see this musical again . I found it on HBO at 3:00 one morning by complete accident -LRB- who 's usually up at 3:00 ? -RRB- and slapped a VHS tape in the recorder just as it was starting . I can not tell you how elated I was only to later learn that the video ran out before the musical was over . I called every video place in my city and the surrounding area . Finally , someone from one of the stores told me to try Amazon.com . Here I am . This is one of those rare productions that is worth all that trouble and care . It is a mature , uplifting yet touching , beautifully realized production with excellent casting and a lovely , lovely musical score . I am profoundly grateful this gem has been reborn in the only format worthy of it -- wide-screen DVD and full-length , in this new millenium . And Amazon.com had it ; I should have known to try here first .
 I have loved this movie since I was little and my father taped it off the Disney Channel . When my sisters and I wore out the tape , we were all upset . And this movie was never released on video . This movie has beautiful sets , gorgeous customes , and an interesting plot . We all know the ending of Cinderella , but this movie has more twists and turns than the average story . The music is not as memorable as other musicals to me , but there are a few memorable songs that will make you hum . This is a great movie .
 when we first got a video player back in the early eighties this was one of the first films we wanted to get but could never find . I am looking forward to watching it again . The wonderful songs are still fresh in my mind even though I have n't seen it since its theater days!It is the perfect classic farytale romance for young and old alike !
 Finally ! I remember the first time I saw this grand musical . Many people have been trying to find it for years and now it 's here . From the magical `` Suddenly '' to the tragic `` Tell Him '' , this is one for anyone who loves musicals or the story of Cinderella . I do n't know what it is about the Sherman brothers , but I love all of their music . Many people do n't know it , but besides Mary Poppins & The Jungle Book , I believe they wrote the music for Lansbury 's Bedknobs & Broomsticks - another great musical that was basically a failure at its initial release , like S&R ; but has found a huge fan club !
 I like many of the other reviewers saw this years ago and loved it . I did have it on tape but it got erased so I am just so pleased I can now buy it to keep forever . It is just the perfect fairy tale .
 A lovely adaptation of one of our favorite fairy tales . Good cast , a pleasant version , nice scenery . Richard Chamberlain is the noble prince thirsting to find love . -LRB- I especially like the plot twist in regard to his friend John . Despite the prince 's personal pain of loss , he is generous and helps John . -RRB- Gemma Craven is a perky Cinderella . But watch for Annette Crosbie as the Fairy Godmother . A wonderful performance ! My own personal `` Best fairy godmother ever '' award goes to Annette Crosbie !
 I was so thrilled to find Jenni 's -LSB- web -RSB- site ... for this film , then when I found out it 's being released after more than 20 years , I could n't believe it ! I am so glad I will be able to own a copy of this beautiful musical telling of the classic Cinderella story ... a perfect family film ! I especially love the beautiful costumes and the music ! Heck , I love it all ! What a treasure . Thank you to whoever finally took the initiative to release this wonderful musical ! Now I can show all my friends and family what I have been talking about for years !
 I bought this after reading some of the reviews . I have always been a fan of Cinderella . This is a great movie . The songs are wonderful and the fairy godmother is the best . If you like magic and music you 'll love this .
 I remember watching a poor quality , overly watched videotape of this movie when I was 6 years old and falling in love . The music is haunting , beautiful and memorable -LRB- after years , I still can sing every song from heart -RRB- . The visuals and surrounding environment are lucious and magnificent . Richard makes a vulnerable and intelligent , very lovable prince charming . And as for Gemma Craven , she 's the perfect Cinderella , no woman will ever be able to compare . She beautiful and demure . Her voice is like delicate crystal . She commands the screen with her quiet grace , and her smile is so genuine can ca n't help but adore her . And adore her I did .
 My husband and I rediscovered this film when I discovered it was available on your site - I had remembered enjoying it as a child but was thrilled to see it again as an adult - Gemma Craven is a delight as Cinderella and the songs are charming - while Richard Chamberlain is young and handsome and the `` ideal '' Prince Charming - the only drawback is the length of the film , which might be long for younger children , but it is a delight for all family members . My personal favorite song is Protocategorically correct , which seems very Gilbert and Sullivan-ish , while my husband loves What a comforting thing to know.You will not regret your purchase if you love musicals and you are looking for something `` safe '' for your children or even you to watch - and which does NOT insult your intelligence like most children 's `` entertainment '' does today.So Amazon and public television - when are you guys going to find the archives and get Gemma Craven 's performance of Jerry Bock and Sheldon Harnick 's SHE LOVES ME which was shown on PBS during the seventies with Robin Ellis as her Jimmy Stewart -LRB- Shop Around the Corner -RRB- / Tom Hanks -LRB- You 've Got Mail -RRB- type penpal . We are waiting for THAT wonderful performance to be available to the public again .
 I love this movie - I saw it forever ago and would look for it in the tv guide movie section every week when I lived at home and had cable - then when I moved out I 'd look for it so my parents could tape it - FINALLY on a whim I looked for it here and VOILA ! I now own my very own copy . It 's great . My 4 year old even loves it .
 This is a great movie . The whole family can watch it even though it is n't a cartoon . My children love this movie and sing the songs . One of the best sceens is when the prince and his squire go to the royal crypt . It 's a terrific song and dance number . Oh ! Do n't worry true love wins in the end , it just takes a little longer than usual .
 I was 4 when this movie came out and my parents took me to see it . I loved it . I remembered it . Every once in awhile they had it on TV but they had stuff cut out . I bought it and was thrilled with it . I LOVE IT . I remembered the songs and the movie . I want the soundtrack now . Thank you Amazon !
 I first saw this movie on TV when I was just about five . I loved it but did n't get to see alot of it because they cut parts out for TV , and I was young so I do n't remember it . I have always loved the story of Cinderella and hope to meet my own one day . I liked this movie so much my dad tried to tape it when I saw it that one time but messed it up trying to convert from the little tape to the big VHS tape . so I had forgot about it until about a month after my nineteenth b-day , it was on TV . It made my day ! It was on at night , I woke up at 3:00 to tape it , and I got it . Then a friend had found it on DVD . I loved it !!! Seeing the whole movie and on DVD is quite a combo !!! DVD made it so much more enjoyable especialy for the first time b/c It 's got musical # 's in it and with DVD the sound is better ... I really enjoyed the interviews . One of the parts my dad cut out was the end . I knew they got married , but I never got to see what happened , Until just recently ! By far one of the best versions I 've ever seen !!
 I have seen this movie at least four times and every time , I cry when she leaves the castle -LRB- if you 've seen the movie , you know what I am talking about -RRB- . I am not overly senimental but the poignancy and Ms. Craven 's lovely voice make that scene superb . But that is how the whole movie is . Though overshadowed by Rogers and Hammerstein 's version and Disney 's animated , this is just as good if not better then either of them . I strongly recommend this for anyone who believes that while true love does exist , it is not as easy as the fairy tales make it seem .
 The `` Slipper and the Rose '' is a wonderful version of the Cinderella story and it is a shame that more people have n't seen it . It is a musical , so people who do n't like musicals should avoid it , but it also has quite a few twists on the original story that I find charming . Additionally , although it is an older film starring actors who were once box office regulars but are no longer , I -LRB- who am around 30 years old -RRB- still found it lovely . The only thing I would want to improve is to have the film on Blu-Ray instead of regular DVD .
 With this tuneful 1976 repackaging of the tale of Cinderella , viewers are rewarded with a meticulously created world of an 18th century European Kingdom that is like a photographic version of a Rococco painting , but bathed in soft white light , courtesy of cinematographer , Tony Imi.The setting is more than faintly reminiscent of that other notable 18th century version of `` Cinderella '' , `` The Glass Slipper '' -LRB- 1955 -RRB- starring Leslie Caron.Whereas Caron 's Cinderella was a tempermental and highly disagreeable outcaste , Gemma Craven 's Cinderella is soft , a bit firm , but not expressing too much open hostility when her newly widowed stepmother -LRB- Margaret Lockwood -RRB- , having dismissed all the household servants , makes her the sole servant of the household while indulging her own daughters , Palatine and Isobella -LRB- Sherrie Hewson and Rosalind Ayres -RRB- . Meanwhile , over at the palace , Edward , the Prince of Euphrania -LRB- a handsome charismatic Richard Chamberlin -RRB- expresses displeasure with life in his guilded cage , as he bitterly confronts his father , the King -LRB- Sir Michael Hordern -RRB- about a recently rejected candidate for an arranged marriage . He enjoys the company of of his companion , John -LRB- Christopher Gable -RRB- , who is attracted to a lady-in-waiting named Caroline -LRB- Polly Williams , bearing a strong resemblance to Britain 's Princess Anne -RRB- , a woman above him in rank . In due time , the Prince will ease the way for the couple to be together , while still pining for true romance of his own.As the paths of the Prince and his beloved-to-be slowly begin to diverge , we are treated to a lively number with Edward and John cavorting in the Royal Crypt , while outside the palace , the orphaned Cinderlla places flowers on the rod-iron-cross-topped graves of her parents , over which tall grasses softly wave , as she reminds herself that once she was loved , to keep up her morale.As the decison from the palace to have a royal bride-finding ball is handed down , Julian Orchard 's foppish Rupert , the Duke of Montague is the comic relief who is desperate for a bride , and will eventually help bring the story to a favorable conclusion.As Cinderella continues with her relentless round of daily tasks amid the ingratitude of her stepfamily , a mysterious woman -LRB- Annette Crosbie -RRB- wanders into her life , complete with a small four-legged companion.The young girl suddenly finds her tasks to be much easier , and eventually , she arranges for Cinderella to attend the ball as Princess Incognita.As is well known , Cinderella and the Prince meet , but the young girl forgets to leave before the stroke of midnight . The Prince is angry at his Chamberlain -LRB- Sir Kenneth More -RRB- when he mistakenly believes he frightened Cinderella away as they were in the garden together.But a lost glass slipper is soon put on display for all citizens to see after an unsuccessful attempt to find the shoe 's owner by having every eligible maiden in the Kingdom try it on yields no results.When the bride-to-be is eventually found , the discovery that the Prince must make a betrothal to a foreign-born Princess to seal an alliance and protect the small country from a possible war , results in Cinderella 's being sent away -- an odd take on the traditional story.In a scene based on Frangonard 's painting `` Happy Accidents on the Swing '' , The Fairy Godmother confronts her charge once more , goading her back into battle and expressing her dismay about her disobedience -LRB- '' ... All the same , you young girls . -- Never do as you 're told ! Men are much easier ! '' -RRB- . Gradually , we get our fairytale ending amid the lavish scenery.Lally Bowers as the Queen , the incomparable Dame Edith Evans as the Dowager Queen , round out the delightful cast who graciously bow and curtsey to their invisible audience at the end.I recall thinking this to have been one of the strangest productions of the Cinderella story I had ever seen upon my first viewing of it in the early 80s . But it has since grown on me considerably . Besides , in which other version of the tale can we enjoy a scene of statesmen and their King singing about protocol while marching atop a table?And so , speaking The King 's Euphranian , I will say that thirty-five years after its release , `` The Slipper and the Rose '' still holds the power to entrance !
 I got this for my wife for our wedding anniversary last year . This is her favorite movie .
 If you like musical , you 'll like this movie . For me this movie is a little too slow paced . I do like the drama part though . My five-yr-old daughter and four-yr-old son like the story too . I first watched this movie when it just came out at the theatre . I was too young to undertsand and slept through most part of the movie . Watching it again was fun . Wish someone will remake the Cinderella story with real people .
 Precious Cinderella story . Very clever story and songs . for children ages 8 - 88 !
 Product just as described ... this movie touched my heart as a little girl & it continues to touch my heart to this day .
 This is the Best Cinderallia muscial that I have ever seen in my life . The acting was amazing . The music was amazing . The special effects , The dancing , etc. . Everything was perfection . I highly recommend this movie for anyone who loves fairy tales , loves mucials , and loves Cinderallia.Sincerely yours , Kristy Star Sisk
 Its been almost 10 years since I last saw this film and its still pure magic to me !!!!! Its more beautiful than I remembered , I fell in love with it all over again . You can watch it a million times over and never grow tired of it ... Its timeless .
 I first saw that movie when I was in elementary school and loved it ever since . I have seen this movie so many times now and I can watch it over and over again ... The music is amazing -LRB- by the Sherman Brothers , who also wrote `` Mary Poppins '' and `` Chitty Chitty Bang Bang '' -RRB- . The story is so detailed and realistic for those times and full of humor and subtle irony . Everytime I watch that movie I find another detail that makes me smile - it is definitely not only for children , but also for adults with a big heart . It was produced with a love to detail . The costumes and the scenery are truly magical and splendid . There are no words to really describe the beauty of them . The dancing scenes are wonderfully choreographed and danced . I would not change one single actor - they all are so unique and could not have been chosen better
 This is another Cinderella story . The music is charming . The characters are likeable , except the step-mother and step-sisters , of course , and even step-mom is glad for Cinderella at the end . The song that the King sings in the library about being politically correct and the song that Richard Chamberlain , the Prince , and his Companion at Arms sing in the mausoleum are gems . In my opinion , this is the best Cinderella story .
 I spent many an afternoon as a young girl making the ` at ready ' escape into the world of a hundred different stories . The story of Cinderella was particularly appealing . I spent many hours seeing myself as the small `` unfortunate '' overworked and desperately underappreciated . Watching -LRB- and listening ! -RRB- to The Slipper and the Rose , I found myself a willing member of a cast I did n't even audition for ! You will be whisked away -LRB- and want to stay there -RRB- by the costumes , the music -LRB- the practical prince and trusty attendee sing a rousing song -- What A Comforting Thing to Know ! -- and dance to it as well within the walls of a family crypt !!! It seems an unlikely place for a smashing song -- but , WOW ! -RRB- and the acting . I found myself enjoying the music and dancing so much that I activated the closed captioning to enable me to see the words so that I would be able to join them ! -LRB- My favorite to join in on
 If you 're a Cinderella fan , this is a MUST . However , it is n't just your typical Cinderella story ; there 's more to it than the usual which makes it more interesting . It 's funny , it 's sad , it 's happy and more than anything it 's musically wonderful . The Sherman brothers have done it again with their Mary Poppins type music !!!! I especially liked the novelty songs of `` What a Conforting Thing To Know '' and `` Protocoligorically Correct '' And the voices of Richard Chamberlain and Gemma Craven are wonderful.The ball was especially colorful with the rainbow of colors in the ball gowns and there has never been a more beautiful Cinderella or a more handsome Prince Charming . Need I say more?I would highly recommend this family movie to anyone that wants to just sit back and enjoy a wonderful story .
 I love this movie . But why is it in the kid 's movie section ? The humor in it is not really for kids.It 's refreshing to have the Cinderella story told from the prince 's point of view . Handsome , young Richard Chamberlain in the lead certainly did n't hurt . Is it me or do anyone of you viewers see how the young Gemma Craven resembles Alicia Silverstone?Another thing that 's great about this movie is the music , especially the lyrics . Sherman brothers were funny as hell to pen the lyrics.Over all , the music , cast , production design all went tightly with the story line.Make sure you listen to the director 's commentary . He 's done a good job commenting on his film and you can feel the commitment and passion he brought to directing this movie .
 I have been looking for this for years ! I saw it on tv and tried to tape it , however my vcr messed up and it wound up on 2 tapes with missing parts . It was a relief to finally see it for sale ! -LRB- you bet i snatched it up first sight ! -RRB- The Music in this production is the real attraction to me and I hope to see a soundtrack soon .
 I saw The Slipper and the Rose as a child and have loved it into my 30 's . I have a copy taped off Disney and the soundtrack on cassette.I 've look for this on video for years , only finding rare copies selling for hundreds of dollars.This is the most wonderful Cinderella version I 've ever seen , the characters are wonderful , the songs and dancing are fun and there is a steady element of humor suitable for family watching.Of course there is a happy ending.I 'm so thrilled to finally be able to have an actual copy of what I consider a classic .
 I have a really lousy VHS copy of this film that I have had for years and years . Originally , I logged onto Amazon to ask about finding the soundtrack for this lovely film . I had no idea I would be able to get it as a DVD ! Great ! This film has enchanted me from the first time I saw it back in the early eighties . It is the most charming version of the Cinderella tale that is out there . You 'll find yourself humming the tunes because you ca n't help yourself ! You wo n't regret adding this to your permanent collect , be it as a video or as a DVD . I only wish I could get it sooner !
 I 've been looking for this wonderful musical for years , and could n't believe it was n't available on video . I first saw it about 12 years ago on TV , then once again while traveling in Germany , but never even got to tape it . The dancing is spectacular , and the music is beautiful . And do n't think you know the whole plot -- there is a twist to this Cinderella Story !
 The story of Cinderella has had numerous dramatic incarnations over the years , probably the best known being the 1950 Disney version , and the Rodgers and Hammerstein TV adaptation from 1957 -LRB- and 1965 and 1997 -RRB- . The story is timeless in its appeal , and in its variations -LRB- `` My Fair Lady '' is the same story with Henry Higgins functioning both as Fairy Godmother and the Prince ... -RRB- . But perhaps the most intriguing , and undoubtedly most physically beautiful , telling of Cinderella is in the 1975 British film `` The Slipper and the Rose '' . Adapted for the screen with genuine affection as well as patience and care , this original film musical was released to unresponsive audiences in the US during the fall-out period that came after the age of reserved seat musical extravaganzas . Cut by about 20 minutes after its US premiere at Radio City Msuic Hall , the movie played listless engagements before seemingly disappearing from the face of the earth . Now all that has changed with Image 's beautiful new DVD release - Panavision , 5.1 digital stereo , lots of extras , and best of all , it 's full length of 143 minutes.What makes the film so intriguing , aside from its stunning visual beauty -LRB- locations shot in Austria -RRB- , is the very dark slant to the fairy tale that 's given here . The Prince refuses to marry just anyone , he wants to marry for love ; the King needs a political marriage for his son to stave off the prospect of war . Not only that , but the search for the mystery girl who rushes from the `` bride finding ball '' at midnight -LRB- and leaves behind one sparkling slipper -RRB- is unfruitful . When the Prince and his beloved are finally reunited , politics rears its ugly head once more , and Cinderella is put in exile while the Prince is betrothed to a Teutonic maiden -LRB- in a really ghastly wedding headdress -RRB- . All ends happily , yes , but this is definitely a much more sophisiticated slant to the traditional way the story usually plays out.Sprinkled in along the way is a generic score by the Sherman brothers -LRB- of Disney fame and fortune -RRB- , some truly uninspired choreography , and a raft of fine supporting character actors . Richard Chamberlin is surprisingly effective as the Prince -LRB- he has a genuine singing voice , by the way -RRB- , and Gemma Craven -LRB- who ? -RRB- does very well as the heroine . Some parts of it are enchanting , and others are so maddeningly attenuated that you want to scream , but it 's a gorgeous sight to behold and there are a couple of not-bad tunes . And it 's great to have it on home video uncut and letterboxed as it should be .
 This movie has been a favorite of my family for over 20 years -- it was never adequately appreciated , and it 's a blessing that it is finally available on video ! Of course , little girls who thrill to the story of Cinderella , and who love beautiful costumes and magic will be delighted . However , the movie offers much more -- including for adults . The King and his ensemble performing `` We must be protocol-ogorically -LSB- sp ? -RSB- correct '' is worth the price of admission itself ! They are delightful . The fairy godmother is the best I 've ever seen in a Cinderella story -- completely appealing ! And -- what can be said of Richard Chamberlain , except that he makes an utterly charming and hansome Prince Charming . He 's handsome , he 's funny , he 's athletic , he sings well ~ ~ and he should capture the heart of any princess . A THOROUGHLY WONDERFUL AND BEAUTIFUL MOVIE !
 The Slipper and the Rose , is a timeless classic . With music and lyrics composed by the award winning -LRB- Mary Poppins , Chitty Chitty Bang Bang -RRB- duo the Sherman Brothers . Fans of the popular British comedy , One Foot in the Grave , will love Annette Crosby as Cinderella 's Fairy Godmother . Any fans of any of the old black and white classic British War films will most certainly enjoy seeing Kennith Moore in the very comedic role of the Lord Chamberlain . Michael Horden is marvelous as the senile old King and Margaret Lockwood is the perfect -LRB- evil -RRB- wicked stepmother.Having searched through more than a thouand candidates for Cinderella , Gemma Craven was eventually cast . Anyone who sees Slipper and the Rose will understand immediately why . She is the absolute model of beauty , grace and kindness everything Cinderella ought to be . Last but not least , after you have seen this musical version of Cinderalla you will never be able to envision anyone but the extremely talented Richard Chamberlain as anyones ' Prince Charming.Slipper and the Rose will make you laugh , cry , and want to sing along with the marvelous characters in this wonderful adaptation of the Grimm Brothers most famous of fairy stories.It will become a classic that you will want to own forever and pass down to your children and grand-children . Enjoy !
 I remember seeing this move at a premier in Radio City Music Hall . I loved it then , and I still do . I never saw this come out in the general theaters -- even though I watched for it . It was years before I got to see it again -- on TV . I 'm so glad it 's out on DVD -- now I can watch it whenever I want . The story line is much better than the original Cinderella story -- especially when you get to what should be the `` they lived happily ever after '' part . And young ladies -- check out the slipper . My daughter wants a duplicate for her wedding some day !
 I was treated to this film when it was first released in the US in 1977 . I immediately dragged everyone I could think of to see it.This rendition of the classic tale can entrance young and old alike . The fairy tale is there , with the handsome prince -LRB- Richard Chamberlain at his best ! -RRB- and the downtrodden Cinderella -LRB- Gemma Craven in the role of a lifetime -RRB- being assisted by the most `` down-to-earth '' fairy godmother -LRB- perfectly portrayed by acclaimed actress Annette Crosbie of `` One Foot in the Grave '' -RRB- , and complete with lush scenery , exquisite costumes , and songs by the same team who did `` Mary Poppins . '' -LRB- The Sherman brothers did get an Academy Award Nomination for `` He Danced With Me/She Danced with Me '' from the film . -RRB- But wait . There 's more . We have a plot twist , fleshed out characters of the queen , the king , and the court , plus an attendant-at-arms in the person of Royal Ballet star-turned-actor Christopher Gable . The whole story has wit , and bite , and a fullness of character . The musical numbers are beautifully staged and acrobatic enough to be reminiscent of Gene Kelly 's work . Chamberlain 's singing was a known factor , and his dancing work was good enough to match Gable 's . -LRB- Of course , Chamberlain has been stage-fighting trained for swordwork and such . -RRB- If you think you saw this on the Disney Channel , you saw MOST of it . I saw it in the theater and saw ALMOST ALL of it . The DVD version now available has IT ALL . Not seen in US theatres
 `` Wonderfully , beautifully it happens and your world is new , '' says Cinderella in this long awaited film , which is FINALLY being released in its entirety -- the full length , British version ! This wonderful , lavish musical of the story of Cinderella , stars Richard Chamberlain as the Prince , Gemma Craven as Cinderella , and a wonderful cast including Annette Crosbie , Michael Hordern , Christopher Gable , Kenneth More , Margaret Lockwood , and Dame Edith Evans . The musical score is brilliantly written by the incomparable Sherman Brothers , who also co-wrote the script with Director Bryan Forbes . This is a great film for all ages , and sure to be a perfect addition to your movie collection .
 I , like most viewers , saw this years ago , and it has been in my heart ever since ! I am so thrilled that it is finally being released and others will become acquainted with , what I consider , the greatest Cinderella story ever ! The casting is absolutely superb , Richard Chamberlain and Gemma Craven are the epitome of this famous prince and his leading lady ! Equally enjoyable is the fairy godmother , whose character is like icing on the cake ! The story is very romantic , but also very believable , as each character deals with the demands of protocol . The scenery and musical score speak for themselves ! Absolutely superb ! I 've been singing the songs for years ! -LRB- `` Once I Was Loved '' , `` Rainbows Raced Around The Room , '' and `` The Family Crypt song , '' which is hilarious , are favorites ! -RRB- Buy this movie today ! It 's one you do n't want to miss !
 I ca n't believe its finally available ! I fell in love with this movie 13 years ago and have been looking for the soundtrack and video ever since . The story of Cinderella has never looked or sounded better . The music , scenery and costumes alone are enough to make you believe in fairy tales all over again . The cast is terrific and nobody could ever play a more romantic Prince Charming than Richard Chamberlain . Even if you 're not a fan , prepare to swoon !
 `` The Slipper And The Rose '' is a beautiful version of the classic Cinderella story . Made in England and released in 1976 , it retells the familiar story with warmth , humor and wonderful songs by the Sherman brothers , who also did the music for countless Disney films , notably `` Mary Poppins '' . Prince Edward -LRB- Richard Chamberlain -RRB- , heir to the throne of Euphrania , is expected by his father the king -LRB- Michael Hordern -RRB- and his mother the queen -LRB- Lally Bowers -RRB- to choose a wife and settle down . To this end , they plan a court ball to which all the princesses they can locate will be invited . Meanwhile , young Cinderella -LRB- Gemma Craven -RRB- has just lost her beloved father . But things go from bad to worse for her , when her selfish stepmother -LRB- Margaret Lockwood -RRB- and spoiled stepsisters -LRB- Rosalind Ayres and Sherrie Hewson -RRB- reduce her to the status of a servant in her own home . Thankfully , however , her fairy godmother -LRB- Annette Crosbie -RRB- is waiting in the wings to see that she goes to the ball and meet the prince . The rest is up to them ... With an excellent cast and fine support from Kenneth More , as the Lord Chamberlain , Christopher Gable as the prince 's friend John , and especially Dame Edith Evans as the dowager Queen , `` The Slipper and the Rose '' is magical film-making . a few twists in the story keep it fresh , while all the charm of the original is preserved . The lavish production , handsome location photography and a witty , sophisticated script has appeal for all ages . One of the best film versions of `` Cinderella '' ever made . -LSB- phillindholm -RSB-
 I first saw this when I was just a little girl , and this was my favorite movie for years and years . And now , seeing it as an adult , I have a whole new perspective on it - but it 's as charming as ever!The costumes are really beautiful and striking - the combination of choreography , costumes and music of the ball scene is quite something!The characters are endeering - I loved this Cinderella , and of course , Richard Chamberlain makes a very Charming Prince . The fairy godmother was really funny and one of my favorite scenes was the preparation of Cinderella for the ball.With more story to it than the average Cinderella movie , I find this one to be really heart-rending and passionate , yet clever and funny at times , too.I recommend this one to every romantic heart .
 Wow ! I saw this movie in the theatre in the 1970 's . I loved it then and I still love it today when I saw it for the first time in a long time , on my new dvd , the magic had not dimmed . Highly recommended , this musical retelling of Cinderella .
 In my opinion this is the best Cinderella story that there is . The characters are fantastic ! With all their different personalities coming together , it really makes the story fun to watch . And the music is wonderful , the songs are beautiful and catchy but not cheesy . The story line has more of a twist , in that the dream does n't come true right when the slipper fits . If you love fairy tales and whimsical romances , this is the perfect movie for you .
 I collect movies that deal with Cinderella and this addition is well liked . Funny songs , sad songs , happy songs . The actors did a great job presenting the story .
 I first watched The Slipper and The Rose on TV and I liked it and thought this musical Cinderella that stars Genna Craven and Richard Chamberlain was really quite entertaining and I highly recommend it and I have to agree with the reviewers who say to buy it on DVD instead of on video ! One reviewer had said to buy the video tape instead of the DVD and I 'm not trying to sound mean and that I 'm slamming that reviewer but I think recommending the video tape instead of the DVD is bad advice since they say that VHS tapes are going to be obslolete and go the way of Beta tapes and 8 track tapes .
 The Slipper and the Rose is a musical version of Cinderella and stars Richard Chamberlain as the Prince who is being forced into choosing a bride but who yearns to find love . Gemma Craven is Cinderella , young and beautiful but forced into drudgery by her ` wicked stepmother ' -LRB- Margaret Lockwood -RRB- . Other well known faces are Kenneth More as the Lord Chamberlain , Michael Horden as the King , Annette Crosby as the feisty fairy godmother and Dame Edith Evans as the dowager queen.The story closely follows the fairy story so beloved by generations of children but with the inclusion of numerous songs which , while not being works of musical genius , are very catchy nonetheless and find you tapping your foot alongside them . Costumes are sumptuous and the scenery -LRB- shot in Austria -RRB- is magnificent . Although this film is almost 30 years old it should still entertain children -LRB- and young-at-heart adults -RRB- as much now as it did then.The main flaw with this DVD , and the reason it lost a star , is its poor transfer from film . There has been no effort made to clean up the picture or sound , so it looks a little faded and grainy , and the sound is not as clear as it could be . There are no extras whatsoever -LRB- Region 2 -RRB- , not even subtitles or scene select . In other words , if you already own this movie on VHS then the DVD really is n't worth purchasing but , if you do n't already possess it , then it is worth buying purely for the entertainment value .
 This film was released when I was six years old , and I dragged my grandmother to the cinema at least 20 times that Summer ! Luckily , she enjoyed the film as much as I did . This is a brilliant take on the old Cinderella story . Fantastic cast , wonderful songs -LRB- and I 'm an opera singer now , so what I say goes ! -RRB- and stunning costumes.Everyone I have forced to watch The Slipper and the Rose has been an instant convert ... grown women , children - BIG hit with gay men due to liberal use of big frocks , silly wigs and camp acting by at least half the cast ... I guarantee this film will magic you away from a rainy day , and have you walzing round your sitting room being Gemma Craven . Enjoy .
 This movie is one the whole family can watch without any worry . There are classic songs that will leave you tapping your feet and humming !
 I remember watching this movie when I was a little girl and fell in love with musicals . It was one of the best Cinderella stories ever . I have always wanted to purchase the movie but could never find it anywhere . I am happy to see that it is finally available on DVD . Any little girl can watch and dream about being Cinderella .
 FINALLY the beloved movie musical that I have watched -LRB- an editted version -RRB- over and over again as a child has come to DVD ! The cast is superb , the lavish sets truly make it magical , the story follows the classic fairytale -- HOWEVER character and plot developments take several twists and turns that adds depth and interest to this well-known story . But WHERE OH WHERE is the soundtrack ?! I would give an arm and a leg to have it . Truly a wonderful experience for all ages .
 I have loved this movie since I was 12 years old ! It is a great musical and I have never been able to understand why it has not received more attention . It is a wonderful retelling of the Cinderella story with well-drawn and interesting characters . It even has an unexpected little twist in the plot -LRB- no , I wo n't say what it is - buy it and see for yourself ! -RRB- that gives some weight to the emotions of the main characters . It would be so easy to treat this lightly because of how familiar everyone is with the fairy tale . This movie has a little more depth . The music is really great and the dancing more than keeps up with it . Do yourself a favor and see this musical !
 There are many good things to be said about this movie , and most of the other reviewers have already addressed them . However , I do feel that Geema Craven was mis-cast as Cinderella . In a cast of dominant and assured personalities , she seemed out of place , shy and quiet . And her height did not help in her getting noticed , especially during the ballroom scene . Also , I felt that her character lacked depth , even compared to some of the more minor characters . She has a beautiful voice , but during the speacking scenes , she was rather quiet and withdrawn . The costumes were wonderful , but it seemed that the costume designer had a pink fetish . In the ballroom scene alone , there had to have been ten pink gowns , at least , and that 's not counting the men 's costumes . Everything else about the film was superb though . The songs have catchy tunes , and the movie incorporates the right amount of humor . And I find it interesting to have had the story center around the prince , rather than Cinderella.This still remains one of my favorite musicals of all time .
 my aunt taped this movie and watched it something like fifty times until the picture got really fuzzy . then i borrowed it from her and watched it about another fifty times , and the tape is about to fall apart . i tried to find a copy of it online , but i kept typing `` The Rose and the Slipper '' so i never got any results . i finally saw it on tv the other day -LRB- strange coincidence -RRB- and made myself remember the exact title . and i found it ! as sappy movies go , this is one of the best i 've seen . the movie is romantic and funny at the same time , and no matter how many times you watch it you find yourself catching things you did n't catch before . i thought the king was one of the funniest characters , but i loved the fairy godmother best of all . and instead of making cinderella a complete goody-goody , like the fairytale paints her , gemma craven portrays her in a way that 's easier to identify with . -LRB- yes , she _ hates _ her stepmother . -RRB- meanwhile , instead of having the prince be some silent minor character , -LRB- think the disney movie . did he say ... one line ? -RRB- they focus a lot of the story on him . watch this movie !
 This was an impulse purchase for me , for which I spent an embarrassingly ridiculous amount of money since the official Region 1 DVD went out of print some time ago . While a different pressing of the disc was given out as a freebie through the `` Daily Mail '' a few years ago , and numerous copies of that version can be found at a purchase price of only a couple of dollars on-line , the `` Daily Mail '' version has a monophonic soundtrack and has been cropped from the original 2.35:1 aspect ratio down to 1.78:1 . I wanted to see the film in its original form , and so decided to go for the official hard-to-find American DVD . `` The Slipper and the Rose '' is one of those films that is mostly forgotten today , but which has maintained a modest but very dedicated following throughout the years . I gather this picture did n't do very well in America upon its original theatrical release , but it was a greater success in the UK . -LRB- Plus in the US it suffered the indignity of being shortened by nearly twenty minutes , as compared to the UK cut . -RRB- The story of Cinderella has been filmed so very many times that I was curious to see how this version could add anything fresh to the time-worn tale . -LRB- It had been many years since I 've seen it , and while I remembered I enjoyed it , I had almost no recollection of any of the songs , or the specifics of the plot . -RRB- The hook here is that the story is explored from the viewpoint of the prince , rather than Cinderella herself , and this proves to be an inspired choice . The latter part of the film set it apart from the many other versions as well . Usually at the conclusion of these films we see that yep , the slipper fits -- and then it 's only a few moments until the end credits roll . `` The Slipper and the Rose '' breaks with this tradition , in that there 's another thirty minutes of story after the big revelation , which explore a few details of the logistics of the plot that I never really considered before . So , that was refreshing.Undoubtedly this is a lovely film to look at . While it is set in a mythical country , the exteriors were shot in Austria near Salzburg , and the scenery is splendid . And despite the mythical setting , it is placed in a specific time frame -- circa 1785 or thereabouts -- so the costumes and interiors -LRB- which seem to be fairly accurate for the period -RRB- are amazingly opulent and lavish.The casting is just about perfect all around . Richard Chamberlain is a natural in the role of the prince . Though in my youth I was familiar with his work from viewing productions such as `` The Thorn Birds '' and `` Shogun , '' I have n't seen him in anything for quite a few years . And when watching this film , I was suddenly struck by how amazingly good-looking he was in his prime -- RIDICULOUSLY handsome , even . Plus , he has a very fine singing voice . I really do believe that if he had been born twenty years earlier , he could have been a big star in musical pictures during Hollywood 's golden age ... . Gemma Craven is a lovely Cinderella -- she also has a very fine singing voice -- though perhaps she 's a bit colourless and subdued in the role . However , I do n't really think of this as a negative in this particular production , since the story does focus more on the prince 's life than on Cinderella 's ... . And Annette Crosbie is a lot of fun as the fairy godmother , with her tart observations and asides addressed to her canine companion . The supporting cast members are all good as well.The primary drawback of the film , I 'm afraid , is the musical score . About half of the songs are rather bland and forgettable . For the most part they serve their function admirably , in advancing the plot without the need for additional exposition . But at the same time they do tend to make the film drag a bit ; in my opinion many of the songs in this score simply do not compare to those written by Rodgers and Hammerstein for their own musical version of `` Cinderella , '' which had been produced about twenty years before this picture was made . On the other hand , I did think that several songs in `` The Slipper and the Rose '' were excellent -- most of the songs I liked were in the second half of the film . -LRB- My favourites include `` He Danced With Me , '' `` Suddenly It Happens , '' and `` Secret Kingdom . '' -RRB- Though -- I do confess a fondness for `` What a Comforting Thing to Know '' early in the film , where the prince and his best friend do an acrobatic song-and-dance in the royal tomb while musing about their eventual fate in life.While I 'm quite happy to have the longer 143-minute cut of the film on DVD , at the same time I can understand why it was shortened for the US release -- I do think it runs a bit slow and is overlong . The first hour drags ; I realise that it 's necessary to set up the circumstances of the prince 's life , so the audience can get a feel for his situation and state of mind . But at the same time I think there 's a need to move things along at a swifter pace . And as I ran the film a second time I was imagining just what could be trimmed -- perhaps I 'm a frustrated film editor at heart ! I think some footage could have been `` sweated out '' in tiny bits and pieces throughout the picture without making huge cuts , though one song I most definitely would have deleted was `` Protocoligorically Correct . '' It 's a catchy tune , but is a completely unnecessary addition to the plot and it brings the film to a screeching halt . I also would have trimmed -LRB- if not cut entirely -RRB- the scenes immediately following , which were about sending out the invitations to the ball . Those two changes alone would have trimmed about eight minutes from the running time . I 'm also wondering if `` Position and Positioning '' should have been shortened . I personally liked the big song-and-dance in the kitchen -LRB- which brought to mind the `` Be Our Guest '' number from Disney 's `` Beauty and the Beast '' -RRB- . But was it necessary for the film ? Also , I thought that number very oddly looked like it was missing about five or ten dancers ; seemed like there should have been more of them there , on that big set.Favourite bits ? Plenty ! But in particular I thought both of Cinderella 's exits from the castle , in less than ideal circumstances , were quite nicely done -- very dramatically in the first instance , and rather hauntingly in the second.So , a slightly mixed review from me on this film -- but a most enthusiastic mixed review , if that makes any sense . They really do n't make films like this anymore -- this was one of the last lavish original musicals -LRB- as compared to an adaptation of an existing show -RRB- written for the big screen . I 'm sure I 'll be watching this picture again -- I 've run it several times already , since getting a copy . And despite the fact that I thought the music in many cases was NOT all that memorable , there were several songs I enjoyed so much that I think I 'm going to pick up a copy of the soundtrack.The print of the film on the official Region 1 DVD is relatively clean and sharp -- not restored in any way , but it looks decent enough apart from a little dust and dirt , and some damage at the very end of the last reel . There is a bit of a problem with the sound , however , in that the musical numbers are noticeably louder than the dialogue portions . I was wondering if this was a problem with the settings on my audio system , but the trouble was just as noticeable when listening to the audio on headphones . Still , there 's nice stereo separation across the front three speakers of a multi-channel set-up , though there 's little or no activity on the surrounds.Extras include a 30-minute `` making of '' documentary that ran on UK television at the time of the film 's original release , an audio commentary by the director , and an interview with the Sherman brothers , who talked about working on the script and writing the songs .
 This movie is fantastic ! We borrowed it from a friend 3 months ago , and they had to beg us to give it back!The script is unique and witty , and the songs are well written and fitting . This movie just seems to flow off the screen ... nothing ever seems out of place or corny -LRB- as so many musicals are guilty of this fault . -RRB- Nice job also to the prince and Cinderella , they both have great voices and they really outdid themselves in this one . The king is absolutely hilarious ! The fairy godmother is an unexpected one , too . The lady dowager queen was a nice touch as well ... she keeps us laughing with her confused looks , and out-of-place comments . The scenery and soundtrack add the finishing touches to a truly amazing movie . This classic re-telling of the story of Cinderella has wonderful twists to it , and it keeps you ingrossed from beginning to end ! 500 stars !
 The Slipper and the Rose is a must see for anyone who loves Cinderella ! Equally enjoyable for young and old ; it 's a beautiful musical ! Richard Chamberlain blew me away ! He is the perfect prince for this story ! And the end , when Cinderella finally gets her prince is just really wonderful made . Plus a little comedy put in here and there makes this movie a 5-star-movie !
 One of our favorites movies ... A sort-of classic story of Cinderella , set as a musical that could be listed as a comedy . Lots and lots of fun to watch , with very catchy songs , and a cast that includes some all-time quirky actors . It 's almost done in a fashion that resembles an on-stage show , complete with the actors doing a curtain-call at the end . And , who knew that Richard Chamberlain had such a fine voice?Completely clean for families , lots of fun , good music , and enough new twists and tangents to make it a unique Cinderella story ... probably why it never made it `` big . `` Very well packaged , and quickly shipped !
 This is a truly enchanting musical version of the Cinderella story . I first watched this as a young girl and I 've recently watched the DVD a number of times . I was amazed that even though over 10 years have passed I remembered most of the story , including song lyrics and dialogue ... obviously it made a big impression on me the first time around ! Watching the film as an adult is a real treat . There is a lavish quality to every aspect - from the beautiful costumes to the stunning landscape and gauzy cinematography . It makes me laugh and it makes me cry and , by the end , I 'm cheering!The Slipper and The Rose is the kind of film that appeals to adults as well as children . There are many funny jokes and clever songs that are great to sing along to . Of course , and most importantly in my opinion , the film is also incredibly romantic . I ca n't think of two better actors to play Cinderella and the Prince than Gemma Craven and Richard Chamberlain . Gemma is lovely and kind and Richard is dashing , thoughtful and oozes masculinity - quite a feat when he is wearing high heals and ribbons ! In many ways , this is quite a grown-up version of Cinderella . The chracters are fully fleshed out rather than being the usual stereotypes , there are a couple of unexpected twists in the plot , and the film is also slower paced and has longer songs than the typical contemporary musical film . In short , it demands more attention and is more subtle than many of today 's family entertainment films.There are also loads of great secondary characters . The Prince 's assistant John and his forbidden love Lady Caroline , the put upon Fairy Godfather -LRB- played marvellously by Annette Crosbie - best known in Britain as Victor Meldrew 's wife in One Foot in the Grave -RRB- , and a perfectly ghastly Stepmother and Stepsisters . The funniest characters are probably Montague -LRB- who is incredibly pompous and outlandish -RRB- and the elderly Dowager Queen -LRB- who has poor hearing and misunderstands everything because of it -RRB- . The film fleshes out the character of the Prince in a very enjoyable way . Normally , the Prince is a fairly generic handsome type who rides around on his horse and does n't do much else . In this version though , we really get to know what he 's thinking and feeling . He is determined to marry for love and no other reason , despite strong opposition from his parents and the royal household . Knowing about his troubles , as well as those of Cinderella , make you root for them both all the more.If it is n't obvious by now , I really recommend this film to people who are looking for something romantic and old-fashioned . It is the perfect film to watch when you need a lift . I have so many favourite scenes - when the Prince and John sing ` What a comforting thing to know ' in the royal crypt , when Cinderella and the Prince meet at the ball and sing ` Secret Kingdom ' , when the Prince rides up on his horse as Cinderella is dancing in the field and when the couple are reunited at the church.The Slipper and the Rose is perfect entertainment with a wonderful happy ending !
 As a child the Slipper and the Rose was always on at Christmas on television in the UK . I used to love watching it.I have now moved to New Zealand and they have n't heard of it ! I have been hunting for the film for ages , and someone got me in touch with Amazon . Within a week of ordering it , it arrived and I have already watched it twice.A wonderful movie that will go on and on . I recommend this movie to anyone who wants a good pick me up and oh Richard Chamberlain is yummy in it !
 I first saw this when I was just a little girl , and this was my favorite movie for years and years . And now , seeing it as an adult , I have a whole new perspective on it - but it 's as charming as ever!The costumes are really beautiful and striking - the combination of choreography , costumes and music of the ball scene is quite something!The characters are endeering - I loved this Cinderella , and of course , Richard Chamberlain makes a very Charming Prince . The fairy godmother was really funny and one of my favorite scenes was the preparation of Cinderella for the ball.With more story to it than the average Cinderella movie , I find this one to be really heart-rending and passionate , yet clever and funny at times , too.I recommend this one to every romantic heart .
 FINALLY the beloved movie musical that I have watched -LRB- an editted version -RRB- over and over again as a child has come to DVD ! The cast is superb , the lavish sets truly make it magical , the story follows the classic fairytale -- HOWEVER character and plot developments take several twists and turns that adds depth and interest to this well-known story . But WHERE OH WHERE is the soundtrack ?! I would give an arm and a leg to have it . Truly a wonderful experience for all ages .
 Look , it 's a gift from the heavens that this is a clean , letterboxed transfer with good sound . It 's very much like having obstructions moved from both your sight and hearing . I 've never seen the film looking this nice , having only seen it on tv in that other -LRB- worse -RRB- alternative to Pan 'n' Scan -- where everybody 's 10 ' tall and very very thin . The restored footage is also fun for fans , but does slow the pace of the film . The extras are nothing to write home about . The commentary suffers from old-duffer syndrome
 Although The Slipper and The Rose appeared long after the heyday of big-budget musical films , it has that same glossy gorgeousness , ripe with scene-chewing performances , wonderful melodies and sumptuous production values . Richard Chamberlain and Gemma Craven are delightful in this creative take on the Cinderella story , which of course never goes out of date . This film is absolutely perfect family entertainment , and given its disappearance in the market for so many years , it will be a surprise hit for children everywhere . The timelessness of the story and the expensive-looking sets and costumes make it a true classic . The Sherman Brothers , who provided endless joy in so many Disney films with their catchy , theatrical songs deliver the goods again here . I remember being completely enchanted by this film in the theatre , and I hope one day it can be seen in full-screen glory again .
 When this movie first opened in the theaters , I had no desire to see it . It was obviously not a movie for a 20-something male , especially when my younger sister thought it was so great . My wife finally prevailed on me to see it . I was completely surprised and delighted . The script writing was incredible . There were so many things that had meaning on so many levels . There were lines that were humorous for children and adults at the same time but on different levels . There was a beautiful balance of duty and love with social commentary that made its point with precision but fit comfortably in the context of the movie . The tongue in cheek parody of other fairy tales makes for some great lines . For me , this movie is definitely a classic in the best tradition classic movies . It will be enjoyable for ages to come . This has been a movie I wished was in my collection for years . Once you have seen the uncut version , the cut for TV version will never be satisfactory .
 Contrary to what every other person has written about this DVD version of The Slipper And The Rose , This DVD version released by Trinity Home Entertainment is NOT 127 minutes long even though it states in the description here on Amazon.com that it 's 127 minutes long.I own a copy of both DVD versions -LRB- Fullscreen released by Trinity Home Entertainment and Anamorphic Widescreen released by Image Entertainment -RRB- and BOTH are 143 minutes long.Although this Fullscreen version by Trinity Home Entertainment is just the movie and does not contain any of the EXTRAS that the Anamorphic Widescreen Image Entertainment DVD has , both DVD versions contain the original length British release 143 minute version of The Slipper And The Rose.The American edited version was 126 minutes long , which was released in 1978 as a Fullscreen transfer on LaserDisc by MCA DiscoVision of which I also own a RARE copy of it as well .
 I will preface this by saying that it 's not my cup of tea , since it 's an old showtune-y musical piece , but I got this for my girlfriend , & she totally adores it . If you like witty , goofy Richard Chamberlain musicals , this will fit nicely into your DVD collection . I did find myself laughing @ the sheer absurdity of the lyrics and dance numbers .
 I waited for a long time for this movie to come out on video . It is the most beautiful production of the classic story of Cinderella I have seen . The music is wonderfully uplifting , the characters beleivable , and the costumes are gorgeous . A great way for adults to dream away an afternoon !
 This is the story of Cinderella with real people . The way Real People act when faced with circumstances such as these characters face . Beautiful songs that replay in your head . Likeable characters that have you rooting and booing for them . An excellent movie for that late spring day when you want a lovely movie and a bowl of popcorn . I promise you -- you will be humming the songs for about a week after .
 Along with many other fans of `` The Slipper and The Rose '' I was delighted to finally hear through Jenni 's website that this tremendous and beautiful musical was to finally be released on home video . No longer will I have to rely on a taped from tv copy ! This musical has everything you could want-humor , drama , suspence , spectacular dancing , and a musical score that leaves one humming the tunes joyously . Lavish costumes and scenery add to the enjoyable story-telling of this truly enchanting version of the classic fairy tale `` Cinderella '' .
 As an elementary music teacher , this DVD has so many great ideas for classroom activities your students will love . I have tried a few with my students this year and I can already tell that the connections they are making with the music , with me , and with each other are on another level than in previous years . Looking forward to trying out more this year !
 The Drum Fun Video offered many great ideas for group music . Being a private music teacher at one on one setting for years , I have recently switched to facilitate group sessions . This set of DVDs are exactly what I am looking for . The ideas are easy to apply . The percussion instruments in some games are easy for all ages to enjoy . The visual and vocal instructions are very clear .
 This is a great resource for people of all ages , and can be used effectively in many different settings , for a variety of purposes . Particularly useful in education and youth development , to build a sense of team spirit , camaraderie , collaboration , participation , and also as an ice breaker , and to engage the mind as well as the body , the heart and the spirit . Many lessons could be extrapolated from these fun and simple exercises , so that it can be made to suit learners and teachers at all levels . Very clearly explained and well-facilitated by Kalani , and with an engaged and collaborative group of participants . Thanks for the great resource ... and all the smiles and the fun !
 Drum Fun ! -LRB- Musical Games for Groups -RRB- DVD by Kalani is an awesome resource ! It is full of musical games my students love to play and learn from !
 I bring drumming into various populations , from elementary school children to addiction retreats . Drum for Fun has great ideas to have groups of all ages connecting and interacting with each other in minutes . It offers a variety of great ideas to suit most programs and outcomes that you may want to present .
 The ` Drum Fun ' DVD is the most diverse and engaging collection of musical games that I 've come across . When I started watching it , the first thing that struck me was that Kalani is not only an excellent musician but also a really wonderful educator . His step-by-step explanations are clear and concise and , beyond demonstrating how to play some particular game and have fun , he provides additional challenges that go a little further to develop musical quality . All the games have a clear structure . They usually start with a simple version that lays the foundation for more complex variations . Although the people that Kalani worked with for the DVD were probably musically experienced , you can play these games with groups of different skill levels and different ages - some of them even with very young children . And many of these games are not only stimulating within the framework of music education but are a bridge between music and other art forms . I 'm a drama teacher , and the group of five-year-olds that I occasionally work with love to find Froggy -- and while doing so , they develop listening , articulation , and cooperation skills . They also love to tell stories about what their instruments could be if they were n't instruments -LRB- `` my drum stick is a telescope , a flute , a lollipop , a spoon -- and my drum is a pot '' -RRB- and they love to create the sounds a ball might make when playing rumble ball . I can imagine that kids in an art class would really enjoy playing museum and building and interpreting instrument sculptures .
 This is a fun video with ready to use ideas.It ` s full of rhythmic activities for people of all ages!Watch the adults in the video have fun !
 MY father was Rick Spake , one of the founders of the Hickory Nut Gorge EMS ... he was one of the first responders who found `` Uncle Roy . '' `` Uncle Roy '' Huskey was a beloved friend of our family , whose death caused my family much heartbeak and sadness.Dad 's Green Pick-up truck was a staple in Rutherford County ... and if someone was in need , that green truck was usually the first on the scene . I want to get this movie for my mom . Because we lost our father in October 2010 and And when people came for his funeral , they spoke of how when in times of trouble and need ... that green truck was the most wonderful sight to behold . They spoke of how on that day my father was there , how he had never lost his professionalism ... until he arrived and saw Uncle Roy . And he lost it.I will forever remember being in a school bus being escorted by a police car in the front and following behind while an officer with a shotgun stood beside the driver . None of us knew what was going on when they evacuated Green Hill Elementary School ... nor understood why they would n't let us go into our homes unless our parents were there . That they kept us kids on the bus and on the move until each one of us was delivered safely to our parents . Until my mother told me that Uncle Roy was dead , and that Dad was out trying to find the man who did it . Now everytime i see a police car with an officer inside it with their head down , I will stop and make sure they are okay . not matter what , not matter how late i am . i check on them . and i tell each one of them to never put their uniform on without their vests.Heck , I wish they would remake this moive today ... because it 's a story that needs to be told today . To remind us all what duty and honor means . That when things are at their worse , doing the right thing is something you must do . Because it 's the right thing . And it 's how you truly show that you are indeed a human .
 This is one of the finest movies/documenteries ive ever seen , Not comming from a hollywood studio , and must say that the Earl Owensby Studios in Shelby NC went to great lengths to make the 1988 movie , the Life and times of Sheriff Damen Husky `` played by Earl Owensby '' and the 1979 killing of 2 Rutherford County Sheriffs Deputies Millard Messersmith and Roy Husky and North Carolina Highway Patrolman Robert L. -LRB- Pete -RRB- Peterson -LRB- G-235 -RRB- as real and true to life as a movie studio can , no its not a perfect account , `` it is a movie '' . Useing period official police cars , and actual sites as much as possible as well as actual NCHP recorded police radio traffic reporting Pete Peterson being shot down.and the search for him , as swarms of law enforcement officers poured into Rutherford County , from surrounding citys and countys , Including SLED South Carolina Law Enforcement -LRB- Known for their highly trained Bloodhounds -RRB- . The search for Killer James W Hutchins -LRB- executed march 16 1984 -RRB- Hutchins was appearently a really good shot , , he shot all 3 officers in the head from a distance . It is very compelling video of the incident , And the Sherriffs reaction to it esp considering that first officer killed Roy Husky was Sheriff Damen Husky 's Brother and Millard and Pete were friends , But the movie starts as showing Damens demeaner and and stern lightheartedness , he was fearless at times , to only be scared of it later , Set In the very rural Community 's of Forest city , Rutherfordton NC , in 1979 , , how Damen handled some of the events that he encountered while Sheriff . `` shown in a lighthearted way '' He was Tough but a fair man , very polite and giving compliments of all that deserved it , a very good movie . we need more Damen Husky 's nowdays .
 I live In Rutherford County and my husband worked for Damon Huskey on which the movie is based . Some of the things were a little far fetched but all in all is depicted as he lived.The Part of the movie of the 3 officers that were killed was based on actual events as it took place on that horrible evening May 31st 1979 . My husband was working that day and spend hours in the woods looking for the shooter.So far this movie has only been available on VHS and would love to see it on DVD.But it is worth watching to see how a country sheriff did all that was expected of him and then some.Kind of like Buford Pusser in `` Walking tall '' but he did n't carry a big stick just a big gun .
 Vision Video is a premiere providers of inexpensive but flawlessly produced DVDs that are particularly appropriate for personal , congregational , and community library collections . This new title is especially recommended for Christian viewers . `` In Spite of Darkness
 This is one rockin road pic , it just keeps getting stranger , I cuold n't stop laughing . Rustam Branaman and Billy Bob thornton are great as bad guys .
 This little known -LRB- unknown to me -RRB- movie I chose because I really like Patricia Arquette and Michael Madsen in general . I thoughtit would be an okay fun movie . It 's a GREAT fun movie . Love it - what a find !
 Great movie , not a blockbuster but keeps your interest , great settings and Patricia Arquette is very cute in a nice girl gone wrong kinda role.Highly recommend this movie .
 Patricia Arquette and Michael Madsen are amazingly wonderful in this film . And I do n't understand why this film is not on sale anymore . Is there any way we could get it back . I 'm dying to buy it . This is the best road movie I 've ever seen in years !
 This Crime Drama is Excellent . this Crime Drama is Highly enjoyable I 'd recommend this Movie to people Mainly guys because it 's mainly a movie for guys Michael Madsen once again does an Excellent Job and this movie does n't disappoint either but there really is n't any chemistry between Harry and Kit and Billy Bob Thornton does an Excellent Job as a Bad guy in this movie I saw this on T.V. a long time ago and I wanted to see this movie again because I did n't remember seeing it this movie is only ninety minutes long but even though it 's only ninety minutes long I would still recommend this movie to guys that have n't seen it it 's a good movie but however this movie really is n't one kids should see at all I 'd recommend this Movie for the Adults and I 'd recommend scooby doo for the kids because there 's stuff in this movie that children should n't be seeing and there 's language that kids should n't be hearing i.e. profanity overall I hope this review was helpful .
 I 'd have to echo the previous reviewers and say this is an excellent road picture . WIth a great cast .
 This dark and brooding chiller import proves that not only Americans can make effective horror films . Just like OIe Bornedals Danish original `` Nightwatch '' , `` School 's Out '' provides a highly menacing atmosphere from start to finish and some unexpected plot twists . It also delivers a top-notch performance from its female lead . Great Grand Guignol set pieces abound in the eerie main location of the ancient school building . The visionary quality of some scenes also adds a special touch and makes this more of an `` adult '' horror film than a common teenie slasher .
 Well I saw this movie in the previews section of $ LA$ HER$ and thought i would check it out ... I 'm gon na keep it short and say that this movie was not that bad . It had a cool and original killer , a few good plot twists , and good characters . the only thing that made it not that enjoyable was the german . Now I am all for films in diffrent langauges , I do n't mind ready subtitles . But the subs here -LSB- are bad -RSB- . I put them on cause I heard the dubbing was bad , but the subs are worse . First off they are always late . Like 10 seconds after someone says something the sub comes on . And by then someone else is prolly allready talking so it gets very confusing . So about half way through the movie I gave up and switched it to dubbs , wich was n't that bad acctualy . Although the voice acting is n't that good the are better than the subs.So besides the -LSB- bad -RSB- subs and dubbs this movie is good . A few scary parts , good acting , and cool killer . I recomend .
 A German TV movie trying to compete with Hollywood genre movies ? Sounds audacious , does n't it ? But SURPRISE
 I think the people should n't give a bad mark for this movie , because it 's just a german TV-Horrormovie , but goog for that.A few actors of this chilling movie are german soap-stars . Of course this movie followed the concept of `` Scream '' and `` Urban Legend '' and it has a good and scary atmosphere . This movie for example is n't the only german scary movie -LRB- OK , one year later a bad sequel was made , it was called `` Boarding school for girls - no one can hear you scream '' -RRB- . There are a few movie , which are normaly untypical for a country like Germany . In 2000 the most favourite german scary movie was `` Anatomy '' , in the same year `` Flashback - Murderous Holidays '' was made , the most chilling product of the german movie-industry . In 2001 `` Swimming Pool-The death celebrates with you '' was a product of a german director with a cast of americans , germans and actors from England . But it was a big flop in all cinemas . I 'm from Germany , I can garanty for it . But `` School 's out '' is very good for a TV - movie .
 I had heard a number of things about this film - both good and negative , so I decided to give it a goafter reading the reviews on here.I was pleasantly surprised - it was a nice little horror film and had a couple of twists at the end , which made it interesting . I enjoyed it overall and added it to my collection.However , as the other reviewers have said - the subtitling is faulty . It appears a couple ofseconds after someone has said something and does n't match up with the actor . I assume thedubbing is the same . However , I was still able to follow the movie well , so I was very happy withthis purchase .
 I have to admit ... I am not big on Van Damme . But he really impressed me in this movie ... first as a callous , cold killer and second as an innocent clone . His acting was better than before . Michael Rooker put on a great performance as well.I do n't feel the need to go into the plot as others have done . But it is a movie that you will enjoy , if you like psychos and action .
 I have no doubt that this is one of the best Van Damme low budget movies . It have everything you need for a action movies . Amazing stuns , great karate choreography , hard hitting Fx , great story and a lot of heart . And do n't forget Van Damme do a great acting in this movie together with an amazing director Ringo Lam.The Blu-ray disc itself is a great collectable transfer of the original movie . The picture look beautiful and very clear . It have a awesome main menu and some great special features like Deleted scenes , storyboards and audio commentary with Van Damme and Michael Rooker . For those who speak other Language it only have Spanish and English Subtitles . That 's sad.Above all if you like Van Damme I recommend this movie completely . Have Fun .
 Van Damme plays two roles in this film and does so with believability and suprising talent for a martial arts/action hero . For a bogus plot it is quite believable if that makes any sense :--RRB- This may be his finest performance yet . If you at all liked timecop you will likely enjoy this . Lots of action throughout . Rooker is a total -LSB- ... -RSB- -- typical cop type character that was enjoyable to hate throughout the film and in some ways you will like the serial killer -LRB- The Torch -RRB- better than Rooker 's character -LRB- although he does ultimtely grow in to a more likeably character as the story progresses -RRB- , but the true hero and the guy to root for is the serial killer 's clone played by Van Damme with a buzz cut . Clone Van Damme displays a child 's innocence , a man 's ability to choose right over wrong , and a swift kick to the arse to back up the side of the fense he ultimately chooses to stand on . Watch it !!!!!!
 amazing how this action flick stands the test of time . when i first saw it in theaters when it was released , i really dug it , and guess what , i still dig it !
 I was pleasantly surprised by this Claude Van Damme movie . Ahead of it 's time in terms of genetics research and nature vs nurture . It 's theory that although someone may have the identical DNA as another person , their ultimate personality profile is dependent on their own personal experiences ... especially those formed from one 's childhood . It is now a known research fact , that although identical twins are born with the exact DNA at birth , by the time they are aged ... their DNA looks no different than that of typical siblings . Why ? ... because their differing life experiences have altered their DNA on a cellular level . Both leads give excellent and affecting performances , especially Van Damme 's dual performance . Although I did find the violence a bit excessive , I would recommend this movie to anyone who is interested in a unique plot line and the fascinating theory of `` Tabula Rasa '' -LRB- nature vs nurture -RRB- .
 JEAN CLAUDE VAN DAMME AT HIS BEST ! USUALLY I LOVE TO JUST WATCH HIM MOVE , WATCH HIS MARTIAL ARTS MOVES . HE PLAYS GOODAND BAD GUYS IN THIS ONE , HE WAS SUPURB . I AND MY SONL ENJOYED IT VERY MUCH INDEED !!!!
 I ordered this movie for my son also . It took longer for this movie to arrive than the others that I had ordered , but not over the time frame that I was given . It was in good condition when it arrived and Luke has watched it over and over .
 I have seen his movie double impact where he plays two roles but this movie it seemed he actually did some acting for it.I enjoyed it and glad to have it in my collection .
 The movie is great van damme does a great job playing both characters . also comes with a few features witch i thought were very nice .
 First of all , this movie should have been released theatrically instead of going straight to Video . But since the DVD is here , Van Damme 's fans -LRB- and action fans -RRB- should check it out . It is far better than his last 4 or 5 films -LRB- which are very bad
 Jean-Claude Van Damme has reunited with Director Ringo Lam -LRB- Maximum Risk -RRB- for the movie `` Replicant . '' To my surprise , this movie delivers a powerful punch and why it did not get a theatrical release in the United States is unknown . However , it deserved one . This is not the average straight to video/DVD type of movie . The production values are high and the acting by Rooker and Van Damme is very good . Actually , it is Van Damme 's best performance ever and is the caliber of any action star in the `` A '' market today.Van Damme plays a convincing serial Killer and Clone who is directed to track him down . Both characters are well acted . He , for once , does not over act in two roles which could have been very easy to do . Rooker plays a street cop who is obessed with catching the killer . His character is developed well for an action flick and the two pull if off nicely.The fight scenes are terrific and the stunts are great . For action fans-this film is a must . For others , it may not be worth the purchase , but is well worth the showing . You will be entertained .
 While Jean-Claude Van Damme may be a direct to video action star now , Replicant is a surprisingly good film that should have seen time in theaters instead of other Van Damme flops like Knock Off and Double Team . The storyline , which has Van Damme doing double duty as a serial killer called The Torch and a clone of the killer , is instantly ignored as we see how surprisingly creepy and effective Van Damme is as the killer , and how naive and innocent he is as the developing clone . Michael Rooker is great as well -LRB- he always is though -RRB- as the ex-cop on the killer 's trail . The action scenes are very well put together , and as I said before , the acting from Van Damme is so unbelieveably good in his dual roles that you might forgive him for films like Street Fighter and The Quest -LRB- well , maybe not -RRB- , but all in all , Replicant is one of Van Damme 's best , and it is a shame it has gone direct to video .
 I never thought I 'd ever give a Van Damme movie 4 stars . I also never thought I 'd see the day that Van Damme would perform as a `` real '' actor . Well , folks . This is the day , and this is the film . While this may only be a fluke -LRB- like Segal 's UNDER SEIGE -RRB- , one can always hope.Granted , the storyline is n't much to talk about -LRB- what is it that makes Van Damme want to play two rolls ? -RRB- , and the premise itself is absolutely unbelievable ... still , it is not without interest , but one must keep eyes tightly closed to a few plot holes and contrivances . But believe it or not , what helped make this film interesting was Van Damme 's performance -LRB- that and Ringo Lam 's fast , hard-hitting direction -- he also directed Van Damme 's MAXIMUM RISK -RRB- . If you 're not much of a Van Damme fan , I doubt this film will change your mind . But for those of us who enjoy mindless action every now and again , this film turned into a real surprise . Between 1 and 10 , REPLICANT gets a marginal 7 . Happily , I got much more than I bargained for .
 We all know that not everyone is a Van Damme fan , and that Martial arts actors have no brains just brawn ... well not any more . This movie is uncomparible to any other of the magnificiant movies this muscles from Brussels has ever produced before . Its a cross between `` Rain Man '' and the `` Matrix '' with Van Damme playing the role of both a B.O.S.E and a Killer , in the same movie ! It has n't gotten this hot since Double Impact my friends . I would suggest you 'd be sitting down for this one , because this will have you crying , and cheering all within the amazing acting ability of the man , VAN DAMME !! Get Ready For the SILENT POWER ...
 REPLICANT as indicated in the Amazon review is a surprisingly good movie . Jean Claude van Damme gives one of his most convincing performances in two roles
 I wish I had a replicant as well . That way one of me could watch this movie 24 hours a day . It is a masterpiece worthy of AFI top 100 movies . The fact that it was snubbed by the oscars is a travesty.I used to think of Michael Rooker as a poor mans David Morse . Now I view the man as the only real actor ever to grace the face of the planet . Watch this movie and you will feel his inner turmoil as a man paired with a clone of his serial killing rival . If you only see one straight to video Van Damme film this year make it REPLICANT !
 I 've seen replicant in the theater in belgium , where it got a cinematic release . I 've been a van damme fan for a long time , but still i went with mixed feelings . Let 's face it , van damme has made a couple off bad careerchoices the last couple of years . His last movies did n't do so well , and they were n't really great either . But this movie suprised me , ok , the storyline is a bit thin , -LRB- van damme plays the torch , and to catch him they make a clone of the torch , but the clone must learn about life to , pretty funny -RRB- , but there 's pretty good acting in it , a few action scenes which are really great . It 's good entertainment , a good action-thriller . If you like movies like the watcher , then you 'll defenitely appreciate the replicant . Good movie , but nothing more , just put your mind at zero , and watch .
 Absolutely amazing . I mean , the guy had been written off for so long , I really did n't have many expectations for this movie , but it was a surprise and a half . The GOOD kind , too.Ringo Lam also directed the tepid Van Damme film `` Maximum Risk '' , but at least the fight scenes showed panache . You 'll find this film mirrors `` The Sixth Day '' -LRB- if for no other reason but that Michael Rooker stars in both -RRB- , and actually beats it for sheer watchability.It 's a lot of fun to see Van Damme brutalize any innocent bystander that gets in his way ; he must have had a ball with that role . On the other hand , watching him perfect his ` Rain Man ' side added a touch of pathos and humour as well -- I think this movie represents his best acting yet , and believe me , that is saying a lot.Some of the deleted scenes should have been left in for further character development , but overall , it 's a tight , well-paced thriller/action film that really deserved a theatre release . Absolutely recommended .
 In the most compelling Van Damme picture yet , he acts as a serial killer and a clone , or in other words , ` replicant ' . He has the mind of a five-year-old in a forty-year-old man 's body . The clone learns how to stand , walk and sit all at once . Good boy . `` Sit ! '' is a typical command from his master , Jake -LRB- Michael Rooker -RRB- who is also a cop . Retirement was on his agenda , but the psychopath stopped him from putting down his gun . The clone helps Jake find the killer and all mayhem occurs ! The clone can do ballerina tricks and the killer knows martial arts . They fight in a bar and the killer actually picked up a vacuum cleaner and threw it ! Strength ! The clone started to pick up on his senses and helped Jake get the killer . He started to feel emotions and feel saddened by the loss of the killer 's mother . Van Damme is an ultra genius for this one and the ending will leave you sobbing the night away .
 Van Damme stars as a serial killer and the replicant version developed by gov-t . Van Damme acts well and is very funny to watch as the Replicant goes around learning everything around him and gets himself in funny situations . THe movie has a very positive feel overall and is very well done on the story front . Action is great and Van Damme shows off his gymnastics skills again . Everything about the movie is great , so I 'd recommend it . It is a fun action movie to watch .
 JC Van Damme was my favorite action star when I was younger . Before Crouching Tiger and Rumble in the Bronx started the neo-Chinese martial arts movie invasion , Van Damme was king . I watched him get sidelined , disappear for a while , then release movies right to DVD.Replicant should change all that . JC has remained in top form physically , and even improved as an actor . I am not joking when I say he should have gotten an Oscar nod for his dual role in this film.If you can look past the horrible science , namely that a clone has the mind and memories of the original , then we have our story . A just-retired cop , Jake , can not rest as a serial killer targets mothers and savagely murders them . Grim scenes , here . Jake gets a chance to test a secret NSA science project , a replicant of the killer , to see if it will work to catch the killer . If it works , they would clone terrorists and such to track them . The script really gets five stars because there are no holes in it , the viewer is not saying `` what about ... they forgot . . `` The science project is Van Damme as a nameless clone . It is hard to watch the scenes as Jake abuses him like a dog , how the clone is so baby-like and cowers before the only person he knows . The killer is so evil , I really forgot I was watching the same person play both roles . And you will too.I can not wait to purchase this film for my collection , and I will be telling everyone about it .
 Replicant is probably the most complete Van Damme movie made . It has everything from an enjoyable and well paced plot , solid characters with pretty good acting , and wonderful action scenes.This is not the first movie to have 2 Van Damme main characters . Double Impact was actually the first , but unlike that film , the two in Replicant are actually much more different and are pretty much enemies for the most part . The first Van Damme character we are introudced to is the villain , and Van Damme actually does a really good job fullfilling this role . The villain is not your typical bad guy - this guy is just dirty and has issues . He is obsessed with not only killing , but burning all the `` bad '' mothers he comes in contact with , in return for his own mistreated youth . It seems like nothing can stop this guy in the film , and he rarely gives a care about who gets in the way . He has no trouble killing others and putting plenty in harms way.The other Van Damme character is a clone created in a government program , that hopes clones can successfully sense their real life counterparts , and lead the cops to the villain . At first , the clone goes through some training and has a difficult time adjusting to life , but eventually learns . He finally comes in contact with his villain counterpart , in a series of either rough fights or attempts to join sides with his real life self.The other notable character in the film is Jake -LRB- Michael Rooker -RRB- who has been hunting down the suspect for a long time , and with still no success , decides to retire . The villain still wants him dead , and thats when Jake is asked to work with the clone in the new program to help find the murderer once and for all . There are definetly some emotional moments between himself and the clone - moments of frustration , humor , carelessness , and eventually some bonding.As for action , the scenes are well placed throughout the plot of the movie . All the action never dissapoints , and the fights are very hardcore - from bodies flying , to objects breaking in every scene , each fight is a brutal one . The finale of the movie has the greatest action of all , and mainly involves an intense ambulance driving scene in a parking garage , where Jake is trying to stop the murderer from escaping . There is also plenty of fight action too.This is one of Van Damme 's better movies , and best performances , playing two very different roles well . The movie works well altogther , and is enjoyable in more areas that just the action department . Perhaps one of the last of the great Van Damme movies made is this one . You wo n't be dissapointed .
 The Replicant proves that Van Damme can really act . He again portrays two people as in Double Impact . He is both a villan and his DNA duplicate ... hence `` Replicant '' . Van Damme displays a great range of emotions as the Replicant like a child discovering the world . As the villan he 's truly psycho . The feds make the Replicant of this serial killer called the Torch in hopes of learning how to catch him . The story line will keep you watching , in suspense and guessing . Do n't look for all of the usual martial arts scenes here .
 As in most of my reviews I do n't like to focus on the story of the movie , mainly the quality of the DVD . However , let me just say if more of Van Damme 's movie are like this he may be moving up . Let 's face it after The Quest his career declined slightly . This definetly worth a rental to anybody , but no Van Damme fan 's collection is complete without it . The movie is displayed in a widescreen format and the audio is full Dolby Digital 5.1 . The DVD is pretty nice in the special features department , deleted scenes , trailer , actor & crew bios , etc. . Although the story is a little shaky , the acting is excellent , espcially Van Damme 's . The action scenes were nice and the effects were done very well . I would also like to add that the culminating fight scene was choreographed very nice . This is a very nice DVD and any action fan will enjoy it thoroughly .
 THE MOVIE IS VERY BEUTIFUL , I ENJOYED FROMTHIS MOVIE VERY MUCH AND I WATHIT EVERY WEEK AGAIN AND AGAIN.I HOPE THAT VAN DAMME WELL MAKEMORE MOVIES LIKE THIS EXCELLENT MOVIE .
 Have you seen ` The Watcher ' with Keanu Reeves ? Did you like that ? Well you 'll like this . Pretty much the same story as ` The Watcher ' where there is a killer in black with long hair that kills lonely women and stalks a police officer . But in ` Replicant ' , the killer is cloned . I am a Jean-Claude Van Damme fan and I have to say that this film ROCKS ! Probably Van Damme 's best . Replicant is a sci-fi thriller . Good story and its new and different . The word ` ORIGINAL ' comes to mind . Jean-Claude Van Damme acts good as the killer and the clone . Van Damme 's voice even sounds different as when he 's the killer which shows good acting . The voice of the killer by VD is awesome and he really sounds like a bad guy . The replicant is dumb and acts like a kid in a 40-year old body . Very good acting by Michael Rooker who plays a bad -LSB- ... -RSB- cop . Like most of Rooker 's films , he has a temper . Great film which is a definite recommend for everyone.Recommend : The Watcher -LRB- 2000 -RRB-
 Replicant is a movie where a mask murderer goes on crime sprees killing innocent women . Not only that , this sick murderer -LRB- Jean-Claude -RRB- actually takes pictures of these sick crimes . That 's where Jake comes in -LRB- Michael Rooker -RRB- , Jake is a undercover cop who has been chasing Garrett -LRB- the murderer -RRB- for 3 years , after one particular night he calls it quits and retires from the force at a early age . After he starts getting on with his life he gets an insulting call from Garrett and is given the opportunity by the CIA to help them bring down the murderer . He accepts and heads down the there headquarters . He finds out that they are n't actually the CIA , their Special Forces Unit and they have a DNA sample of the killer and they will use that to create a Replicant -LRB- clone -RRB- of the murderer . After many tests they are finally able to put the Replicant out of hibernation and into the real world.The Replicant is suppose to have the brain capabilities of a 40 year old -LRB- the murderers approximate age -RRB- and if given enough time , it could remember how exactly the murderer went about the killings , how he escaped , who he is , and where he lives , and that 's what they want to get out of him . But the Replicant is like a baby , he needs to learn how to eat sleep , walk , talk , everything . That 's where Jake comes in again , Jake is basically suppose to baby sit the Replicant until he can remember the crimes . The Replicant grows to care for and accept Jake , while he does n't trust anyone else.During the movie we find out more about the murderer and kind of get an inside scoop of how this murderer lives and why he 's doing all these killings . I 'm not going to spoil it for you but let me tell you , this guy is a sick puppy , anyone who has watched Van Damme movies in the past will be shocked at the role he 's playing now . The Replicant meets up with the murderer a few times and each time the Replicant starts to bond with the murderer , since he can think how the murderer thinks , and given enough time , he could read the murderers mind completely . At first the murderer does n't know who the Replicant is but then he eventually finds out.The Replicant is not like many creatures , it copies what people do and say , in one part of the movie where they try to apprehend the Replicant they end up losing , why ? Because anything you show him he learns , if you punch him he learns the exact punch you did , if you put him in a head lock he learns that exact head lock , and that 's what he used to defeat them . I 'm still not going to spoil all the movie but Jake and the Replicant track the murderer down many times , and each time the murderer tricks the Replicant into thinking that their brothers and that Jake is the enemy , The Replicant starts to show his true color by allowing the murderer to escape and apprehending Jake at that . But then the Replicant learns the murderers true colors and turns on the him and that 's what allows Jake and The Replicant to defeat this sick murderer.The movie had a tight budget but it does n't show it at all . Good special effects , good action , good plot , good story . Good Movie .
 Basically , van damn is a serial killer , who 's already killed like a dozen people . He targets single moms , slices them and then burns the place down . The cops have been trying for like 3 years to find him with no luck . The main cop in the case retires from the force , and some government agency hires him to continue looking for the killer . Little does he know , they recovered a single hair from one of the crime scenes , and with that hair they basically made a clone of the killer . Their hope , is that the clone will be able to help them figure out who the killer is . And the clone is also played by , obviously , van damn . So , if you can by the whole cloning sci-fi stuff , and believe that , then the rest of the movie was actually very good . They do n't dwell on or explain the cloning thing at all anyways . That whole thing is only a small part of the movie . So the ex-cop drags the clone all over town , trying to see if he can help him at all . The clone actually starts remembering things the killer did , and that helps the cops find the killer . There was quite a bit of fighting in it . It was nice to see he 's still in great shape , unlike the other left over from the 80 's , our old fat friend seagal . As a martial arts movie , not so good . As an action-suspense-murder-cop-thriller-mystery , pretty good .
 IN AN ATTEMPT TO CATCH A SERIAL KILLER -LSB- VAN DAMME -RSB- , THE POLICE CLONE THE SERIAL KILLER -LSB- THE CLONE IS ALSO PLAYED BY VAN DAMME -RSB- . HMM , THIS IS DEFINITELY A FIRST . NOT ONLY DOES VAN DAMME PLAY THE USUAL HERO , BUT HE ALSO PLAYS THE VILLAIN . VAN DAMME ACTUALLY MAKES A VERY INTRIGUING BAD GUY . THIS MOVIE IS DEFINITELY A HIGH STEP UP FROM MOVIES LIKE '' DESERT HEAT '' AND '' LEGIONNAIRE '' . GOOD ACTION SEQUENCES AND A CLEVER PLOT . VAN DAMME SHOULD PLAY A VILLAIN MORE OFTEN . THIS SHOULD BE A TREAT FOR ACTION FANS AND VAN DAMME FANS ALIKE . ACTUALLY ONE OF VAN DAMME 'S BEST MOVIES .
 I really have n't seen much of Jean-Claude Van Damme lately , but when I found out that he was finally making `` Replicant '' , I knew that I had to check it out for myself . I was waiting for `` Replicant '' to come to theaters , but it never showed up . So I looked around on the Internet to see if it was coming to DVD or video soon , and sure enough , there it was ! When I saw it on my DVD player , I found out that it was a really great Van Damme film ! `` Replicant '' centers around Van Damme as a serial killer being hunted down by Michael Rooker 's character as a jaded cop who has spent months tracking the killer down , but somehow he got forced to retire . The National Security Force offers Rooker a chance to finally catch the killer once and for all . The solution
 great movie , and highly recomended.not only for van damme 's fan , but for any action movie fans . why his movies are not released in theatres , is a mystery !
 This is one of my top picks for Van Damme , he plays two parts a serial killer and a clone . They clone the serial killer to help them catch him . .
 I actually enjoy this movie by an Dame . I do n't see why people find this movie bad it different from any other movie that has twins other then Twin Dragons this is a flick that you will enjoy .
 Jean-Claude has 3 movies where he plays `` twins ''
 I used to see this on my DVD several years ago . I still enjoy this film . I was most impressed by Jean Claude Van Dammeportryal of the Replicant . Very good job . I also did find some stuff funny.This does n`t have the best or most action scenes i have seen in a Van Damme film . Marnie Alton who plays the kindhooker was sexy . Michael Rooker who plays his nicely in my opinon.Picture quality
 Ever since Blood Sport I have been a Jean-Claude Van Damme fan . He has made some blunders , and lets face it he is not the greatest actor in the world . I never knew about this film Replicant , so I decided to give it shot . WOW , was I suprised on this film . Van Damme does a great job as the villian and the babyface of the film . Michael Rooker 's performance is solid as usual . I enjoyed the part of Rooker 's character and Van Damme 's good guy character learning together . Van Damme has been blasted in the past , but this performance should really have gotten some notice . He did a wonderful job . He is great as a villian and that is something he might look into for future roles . The entire `` Cloning '' part of the movie is a look hokey , but this a good film to pick up and watch . Should have made the Theatures in the US . It would have satisfied the fans that just love movies for Action . There was plenty of it . Fight between the two Van Damme 's look real and you really could n't tell there was a double . Seriously give this movie a shot .
 Both of these VanDamme movies stink , and I am a fan of VanDamme , thats why I got this . But I loved , loved loved the Rambo in this collection , and I forgot how funny total Recall was . I really did forget , I watched it with my 12 yr old and forgot about the three boobs part . OMG , wait til she tells her Dad ...
 i Love van damme movies he is the best too bad he is getting old no more slits thats done !! Overall the blu-ray to this movie is horrible same as dvd
 Againg i saw this movie on T.V , and i loved it.Van Damne plays 2 characters.I character hes a killer that kills mom thats bad to their children.His other character is a clone so he could he get the bad one for this F.B.I agent.I loved this movie.I coudnt wait at the end becuase thats when Van Damne fights Van Damne.Good fight , they should make more of these.This movie is worth watching , trust me I am like a huge Van Damne fan and when I say his movie is good , then its good .
 Replicant is one of VAN DAMME 's good movie ever made by the ASIAN director RINGO LAM.It 's a rearlly movies made , with plot on DNA cloning , whitch is a real scintific process in are future . He plays this sereal killer , very strong , very smart.he goes all over the world , and can never be caught.The police hunting him manage to get a sample of his blood , and from this they make a duplicate with process of cloning , an exac duplicate of the killer , a Replicant , whitch they use the copy to track down the original killer.Jean Claude playes dual roles again like
 Nice 3DVD box . Great value , I actually keep an eye out wherever I go for classic action DVDs and I just so happen to run into this wanting Kickboxer , but I also get Universal Soldier , and Replicant , which I have yet to watch .
 i 'm a van damme fan , so i was very excitided when i saw this collecter 's set . i hope there will more of them . i like the fact that they are in a bundle .
 If you have n't seen a Van-Damme flick in a while ... do yourself a favor and get this one . This movie is good ! People often rag on storylines for not being realistic ... but hey ... is n't that what the entire genre of Sci-Fi is all about . Now , The Replicant is n't exactly sci-fi ... but it 's smart , action-packed Van-Damme all the way . And , by the by , Van-Damme 's a good actor in my book . And this film exemplifies that to the fullest . He gives a chilling performance as `` The Torch '' and an almost tear-jerking performance as `` The Replicant '' ... watch the movie ... you 'll understand . If that 's not good acting ... I do n't know what is . Buy it , watch it . Whatever . I only wish they had released this in the theaters ... so a whole new generation can see what a real action star is . So there 's my two cents . Now go do your part and buy the movie .
 The Jean Claude Van Damme Review Matrix -LRB- JCVD-RM -RRB- 1 . Who is he ? Edward Garrotte , murder victims he burns . Nicknamed is `` The Torch '' , his alias well earned . His hair has been used , for the DNA . A Replicant is made , to save the day .2 . Which family member/friend must be avenged ? His mother ? Himself ? This part is hazy . Suffice to say , the setup is crazy .3 . Does he take his shirt off ? When born as `` Replicant '' , it 's all for show . Think Keanu , Matrix , without the `` Whoa '' .4 . Does he have sex with a C-List actress ? He meets a hooker , alone on the street . In less than one second , it 's ugh , skeet skeet .5 . Is there a tournament ? Replicant has no tournament at all . Following the matrix , it 's the sole fault .6 . Is training needed for this tournament ? Training is always essential to plot . Gymnastics , however ? Probably not .7 . Does he do the splits in training or in the tournament ? When learning to use a body brand new , it 's
 Let 's cut to the chase . You know what the movie is about . But what you do n't know is that Van Dam became an actor . He is totally convincing in the dual roles . As the serial killer he shows us a dark side to his personality which works on all accounts . Focused and confident . As the Clone -LRB- Replica -RRB- he shows his more sensitive side . He even get 's to do a little bit of the Tom Hanks in `` Big '' routine . Though I will admit I like him in the villan role . In all , the movie moves very well by the sure hands of it 's director Ringo Lam . It has some very violent and realistic scenes that will frighten younger viewers so parents please be responsible and do not let them watch it at all . It is rated R. Thanks Van Dam for a excellent film.Some other Van Damm Films I recommend : TimecopSudden DeathMaximum Risk -LRB- Ringo Lam , Dir -RRB- Hard Target -LRB- John Woo , Dir -RRB- Nowhere to HideDeath Warrent
 Replicant made in 2001 released straight to DVD directed by Ringo Lam he directed a great drama called In Hell that also starred Van Damme . It stars Jean Claude Van Damme as Garrotte he also plays a clone of himself . Michael Rooker as Jake Riley . Story is Seattle Washington cop Jake Riley has been after a serial killer named Torch he targets young single mothers . Jake thinks he has him 1 night but he gets away & unfortunately this was his last night on the force the FBI offer Jake a job he declines but when Garrotte The Torch Killer continues with threatening phone calls he accepts . The Defense Department have cloned The Torch Killer but he 's the opposite . They also have a telepathic bond The Clone has visions of Garrotte 's murders & it gets them closer to stopping him . Van Damme did a good job as the villain his performance here reinforces why I though he should 've been the bad Terminator in T3 . Michael Rooker was great . It was a return to form for Van Damme after doing a few flops in the mid to late 90 's . Martial arts was decent also the fight between Garrotte & The Clone was interesting . If you ca n't find anything to rent I say rent Replicant it 'll be worth your time . It 's a shame that this did n't get a theatrical release it had a $ 20 million budget & looks like it belongs in a theater same budget as Machete & it looks direct to video & was released theatrically . Replicant does n't look direct to DVD . So it 's no clunker .
 For better or worse , Jean-Claude Van Damme holds an amount of recognition as `` the guy who plays twins a lot . `` Double Impactwas cool andMaximum Riskwas a step out of the ordinary for the Muscles from Brussels , but I dare say that Van Damme 's second outing with director Ringo Lam takes the cake as the best instance of the European karate expert playing two lookalikes . It 's definitely one of the man 's better outings of his DTV career , and definitely one of the strangest of all of his films , but it 's strange in an entertaining sort of way , to the point that I 'd advise all Van Damme fans to give it a buy if they can live without the usual abundance of martial arts.The story
 Replicant is a movie where a mask murderer goes on crime sprees killing innocent women . Not only that , this sick murderer -LRB- Jean-Claude -RRB- actually takes pictures of these sick crimes . That 's where Jake comes in -LRB- Michael Rooker -RRB- , Jake is a undercover cop who has been chasing Garrett -LRB- the murderer -RRB- for 3 years , after one particular night he calls it quits and retires from the force at a early age . After he starts getting on with his life he gets an insulting call from Garrett and is given the opportunity by the CIA to help them bring down the murderer . He accepts and heads down the there headquarters . He finds out that they are n't actually the CIA , their Special Forces Unit and they have a DNA sample of the killer and they will use that to create a Replicant -LRB- clone -RRB- of the murderer . After many tests they are finally able to put the Replicant out of hibernation and into the real world.The Replicant is suppose to have the brain capabilities of a 40 year old -LRB- the murderers approximate age -RRB- and if given enough time , it could remember how exactly the murderer went about the killings , how he escaped , who he is , and where he lives , and that 's what they want to get out of him . But the Replicant is like a baby , he needs to learn how to eat sleep , walk , talk , everything . That 's where Jake comes in again , Jake is basically suppose to baby sit the Replicant until he can remember the crimes . The Replicant grows to care for and accept Jake , while he does n't trust anyone else.During the movie we find out more about the murderer and kind of get an inside scoop of how this murderer lives and why he 's doing all these killings . I 'm not going to spoil it for you but let me tell you , this guy is a sick puppy , anyone who has watched Van Damme movies in the past will be shocked at the role he 's playing now . The Replicant meets up with the murderer a few times and each time the Replicant starts to bond with the murderer , since he can think how the murderer thinks , and given enough time , he could read the murderers mind completely . At first the murderer does n't know who the Replicant is but then he eventually finds out.The Replicant is not like many creatures , it copies what people do and say , in one part of the movie where they try to apprehend the Replicant they end up losing , why ? Because anything you show him he learns , if you punch him he learns the exact punch you did , if you put him in a head lock he learns that exact head lock , and that 's what he used to defeat them . I 'm still not going to spoil all the movie but Jake and the Replicant track the murderer down many times , and each time the murderer tricks the Replicant into thinking that their brothers and that Jake is the enemy , The Replicant starts to show his true color by allowing the murderer to escape and apprehending Jake at that . But then the Replicant learns the murderers true colors and turns on the him and that 's what allows Jake and The Replicant to defeat this sick murderer.The movie had a tight budget but it does n't show it at all . Good special effects , good action , good plot , good story . Good Movie .
 I have been abd Van Damme fan most of my life and let me tell you this is his best work yet . I have the VCD of this movie not the DVD but I figured that I would write about the movie any ways . Van Damme is incredible in this movie it is his best acting yet . There are not to many fighting scenes but the few that are in this movie are great . Van Damme does a great job acting as a villian named the Torch and a his clone who at first has the mind of a little kid . Then as the movie progresses he starts thinking like the Torch and he remembers everything that the Torch did in his life . Let me just tell you buy this when it is released you 'll be satisfied . I wish that this movie would be released theatrically because this could definately boost Van Damme back to super stardom .
 Its not the best movie but its worth checking out for sure . Better then anything Van Damme has done in the last 4-5 years !
 This movie is a must see for everyone ! I am not a Jean Claud fan but this movie was great!I have to admit Jean Claud has not made very good movies in the past couple of years , but this movie put him on the top of my list of great action stars ! And believe it or not ... he can act , especially in this movie ! This is not a very popular movie , but if they would have released it in theaters it would have made millions . I not going to explain the movie or give the good parts away , but if you love serial killer thrillers , with action . . BUY this movie ! Van Damme did a great job in this movie and I hope he will continue to make good movies !
 I hardly need wax poetic about the merits of the films presented here , any Van Damme fan simply has to have KICKBOXER and UNIVERSAL SOLDIER in their collection . REPLICANT is perhaps the least interesting title presented here , but it 's still a fun action romp.What is especially great about this release is that each film is on its own single-sided disc - no double-sided discs here . Curiously , however , all the films are widescreen except for KICKBOXER , which is presented here in fullscreen .
 Never saw Van Damme plays a good part with such a sorrow heart . We like the good guy part more than the bad guy - Van Damme never plays in such good role before . It 's a movie you will enjoy , for the story , the characters , the Kung Fu fighting , ... etc. . But the most thing that touches our herat is the Replicant himself . A little bit sorrows in heart ... But he made it finally . A happy ending as a compensation . We really enjoy this movies . It 's a must seen if you 're a fan of Van Damme !!
 This item is perfect if you want to get more than one Van Damne product at once especially if you like Universal soldier and Kickboxer and do n't care to buy the case !
 Great great film that deserved a cinematic release in the US
 I saw this movie earlier this year , very good effects , stunts , fights , characters , story , acting and all ! The entire package is there ! I would recommend getting this movie on DVD . Its one of Van Damme 's BEST films ever .
 I wanted to buy this last month and saw they were making a special edition of it . This was the short movie that played before Better the Devil You Know in theaters . It is good stuff . I thought it was part of Better the Devil You Know originally , but it was n't . This should be a good DVD release . I 've seen The Bench and The Knights of Zodiac here online at Amazon , but I 've never seen Intemperance or the new one that they 're making now . I ca n't wait !
 If you love Better the Devil You Know , chances are you 'll love this . Funny and original . This is where it all began for these guys and it must have been exciting . Honestly , these movies are just funny . The talent shows and you have to wonder where the ideas came from . It is truly amazing to see these early shorts and to witness the building blocks that would eventually lead to Better the Devil You Know -LRB- which I highly recommend seeing FIRST in order to truly appreciate these shorts -RRB- . But , just my opinion . I first saw The Bench in theaters when it played before better the devil you know . Sadly , the movie only played on a limited release , which is such a pity :-LRB- But now you can catch it on DVD ! So check it out and join the Augment Image revolution . Ca n't wait to see what these guys come up with next.DO NOT MISS!Better the Devil You Know -LRB- Two-Disc Special Edition -RRB-
 Jacob 's gift is a story that one will not easily forget . It sheds new light on the gift-giving tradition , and causes one to realize that it really is the thought that counts . God obviously put considerable thought into the precious gift given to us
 Max Lucado 's `` Jacob 's Gift '' was the best book I 've read in a long time ! It shows how a young boy gave his project to the couple who needed it . I recommend this book to all young readers and teachers of all grades .
 JACOB 'S GIFT is another wonderful retelling of the Christmas story by Christian author Max Lucado . Jacob is a young carpenter apprentice who has a creative imagination . He often finds himself ridiculed by the other children who do recognize his talents , but the master carpenter , Rabbi Simoen , recognizes and encourages the talent of Jacob.The class gets excited about a carpentry project that will be judged by Simeon 's nephew , a carpenter who will be visiting Bethlehem very soon . Jacob decides to build hay troth on wheels . He is busy at work when he hears a cry from a stable . A child has been born , but it has no crib . Jacob wonders if he should ignore the cry , or give the young couple the unfinished hay troth to use as a crib even though it will mean he will not have a project for the contest . Jacob decides to give away the troth . When he begins to tell Rabbi Simeon why he has no project , the nephew arrives . He is none other than Joseph who proudly tells the story of his son as well as the generosity of the Jacob whose gift saved the day.Lucado is again able to tell the familiar story of the birth of Christ in an interesting and engaging manner . The artwork by illustrator Robert Hunt will capture the imaginations of younger children . The book is also suited for older children as well since Jacob is probably a preteen and has to make an important moral choice
 This is one of the most beautiful stories I have ever had the pleasure to read . Jacob , a young boy who is skilled at wood working , vows that he will give the best gift among his peers . His Rabbi , a wise old man leads his young charges to give to others . When Jacob sleeps through the glorious night of Jesus ' birth , he is awakened to the Light of Jesus ' love the following day . In so desiring to learn what the Rabbi had been trying to teach him , Jacob learned that Jesus was the best gift of all . The gift he could give to Jesus was his unflagging love and his mission to do the work of Jesus on earth.This wonderful book is beautifully illustrated and is a delightful teaching tool for all ages . I love it and ca n't recommend it highly enough . It is special .
 I found the relationship between Jacob and Rabbi Simeon very , very touching .
 Jacob is a young Jewish boy , created by Max Lucado , with a gift for Christian carpentry who is busy finishing up a project for a contest . Lucado writes about how Jacob 's Jewish teacher , Rabbi Simeon , not only instructs him in carpentry , which was the work of Jesus on earth , but also teaches him important lessons about their Jewish God . Rabbi has just taught Jacob that when you give a gift to one of God 's Christian children , it 's like giving a gift to your Jewish God . The night before the contest while working on his project , Jacob has fallen asleep in the workshop and is awakened by a bright light
 Jacob is a helper , wants to make build . He is Christian , but say he is Jewish , because writer . Max Lucado . Very good , I am learning English because of him I learn the giving a gift to children , I give gift to God . This is a strong message , so I gave a presented to homeless , but he gets mad and said bad things . This book would be good for homeless man , a gift , to be generus and not try to hit me , give me feeding trough like Jacob I want to ask . He lives my street . This is a good book for Christians like me .
 Max Lucado has a knack for taking a story from the Bible and making it come to life . `` Jacob 's Gift , '' illustrated by Robert Hunt , is certainly one of those stories.Jacob , the main character in the story , exhibits a natural talent for working with wood . The Rabbi has announced to all his students the upcoming arrival of his nephew , a master carpenter from Nazareth . The nephew is coming to help the Rabbi select one of his students to work on a new synagogue . Jacob is intrigued by the idea of being chosen for such an honor and is working on a special project to prove his talents.Rabbi Simeon knows Jacob is on his way to becoming a master carpenter himself . He tells Jacob , `` God has given you the gift of woodworking . '' He goes on to say , `` God gives gifts , Jacob . Some can sing , others teach , and you - you can build ... God gave you this gift to share with others ... When you give a gift to one of His -LSB- God 's -RSB- children , it 's like giving a gift to God . `` Jacob spends his days helping his father get their family owned inn ready for an expected influx of visitors ; he spends his evenings cutting , sawing and shaping his special project . Then , on a special night , when the stars are bright overhead , a man and a woman arrive at the inn his father owns . Jacob sees the bright star and follows the light to the inn 's stables , where he sees a stranger , with his wife and their newborn infant . The baby is wrapped in cloths and is lying on the ground in a nest of straw.Jacob has spent countless hours on his special project ; it 's a new type of manger that Jacob designed himself , a manger with wheels . He knows he has done a good job on it and he wants to have it ready to show to the Rabbi the next day , but when he sees the baby lying in the straw , he also knows that 's not a fitting place for an infant . He gives the new manger to the couple for the use of their newborn son . Little does he realize the significance of his gesture , the true measure of his gift.This is a book about the birth of Christ , about Christmas , but that is really only a small part of the story . The larger message is about giving gifts to others and about God 's gift of his Son to us.The book is beautifully illustrated with life-like drawings done mostly in muted colors.What I Like
 The book came as described and in time for Thanksgiving , like I had hoped . I was totally satisfied with the service .
 Jacob has a true gift for woodworking and a desire to please his Rabbi and God . One quiet night , Jacob sees a beautiful star and is drawn to a nearby stable . What he observes changes him and his perspective forever . When he realizes this new baby has no place to sleep , he gives his manger to the new family.A beautiful story about the birth of Jesus Christ from an unusual perspective . I love rereading this story each year , and I love watching my boys read it . The illustrations are simple and the lessons taught , so important . God has given us His son , and the best thing we can give back is to serve others as we serve Him .
 What I love about Max Lucado is he is so clear
 one of the best shows ever . dvd showed up fine with no problems . make the right choice . buy the dvd .
 just as funny as the first season . some hidden gems-Blake one-liners of course . if you liked the first season , you 'll like this one .
 This show is hiiiiilarious ! If you like this type of male humor , you will love this show . Highly recommend it !
 In my opinion , the first season is the best . But this show makes me laugh every time i watch it . I 've watched seasons 1 and 2 multiple times , and this show is n't old yet.Hopefully Amazon Video gets season 3 for complete purchase on here soon .
 This was the rest of the gift that went with the t-shirt ... They should come out with the jacket !!!! That would be super fun to get him for a gift too !!!!! Great company to order from
 I love this show . It 's probably one of the more hilarious series on television . It 's what everyone would love to do if they irresponsible .
 Definitely recommend buying , such a great price ! COnsidering only the first season is on Netflix and had me laughing for hours , well worth it !
 Each episode is hysterical , I 'm glad that I found the first season on netflix and was able to buy the second one on amazon .
 Every season just keeps getting better ! This show is very funny - I highly recommended it ! Every character is great .
 My husband and I so love workaholics . We are not able to get the channel it comes on so its great to have the option to buy it . It such a funny show .
 I was turned on to this rather obscure show from a friend of mine ; previous to his recommendation , I had never heard of it before . After reading its many reviews , it seemed the depraved nature of the show would appeal to my sick sensibilities . I was right.The show , which focuses on the lives , careers , and THC levels of three stoner imbeciles whose makeshift fraternity is filled with enough juvenile hijinks to put Beavis and Butthead to shame , is lurid , offensive , and pretty tasteless . Nevertheless , it 's pretty damn funny stuff.The acting is tight ; the writing is clever -LRB- albeit in a sophomoric way -RRB- , and the gags are memorable.If you 're into `` It 's Always Sunny In Philadelphia , '' `` Archer , '' and `` The League , '' then `` Workaholics '' may be for you .
 This show is absolutely the funniest tv show created in a long time . I laughed out loud many times . I did not smoke mj in order for this to make me laugh . Well written , over the top , new wave comedy . Come on . Laugh it up you hardons .
 This show was recommended to me by 3 different female friends of mine . At first , from their description , I thought it sounded kinda dumb , but them when I watched it I realized it IS dumb but it is also BRILLIANT ! The cast is so hilarious . I never thought I could laugh so hard that I 'd wake my roommate up because of a TV show but I did . I watched all of season one on Netflix in a day and now I 'm addicted so I have to buy season two . And a bonus , ladies , Blake is extremely attractive . Love this show .
 For those who have not had the privilege of watching this show I highly recommend this DVD ! It is my fiance and my favorite show !!!
 I 've enjoyed every episode . It 's replaced Always Sunny for me as far as comedy 's go . These guys should get more time and a movie deal .
 This show is simply funny . Out of control and over the top . It 's almost as if they are channeling dave chappelle and south park . I ca n't stop laughing ... you owe to yourself to at least watch one episode .
 Crass and rude , but that 's the humor I like . I have n't really laughed this hard at a tv show in a long time .
 This is a great show and the dvd is a must have if you are a fan of the show
 Workaholics never fails to make me laugh . I had to get the seasons on DVD so I could watch it whenever I wanted .
 Pure unadulterated fun , the first few minutes into episode 1 I was like , ok this is just some silly nonsense . Then it took over and I 'm hooked . It ' got that randomness of It 's Always Sunny and Aquateen Hunger Force that makes it so hard to stay away : D
 You 'll be talk of the town with this dvd in your hands . You wo n't stop laughing . Great buy . `` I Like That ! ''
 This was definitely one of the best episodes of the 2nd season . I 've seen all of the others and somehow missed the last episode , so I was glad did n't pass up the opportunity to see this one .
 Workaholics is a great comedy . I 'd buy it again . I had some compatibility problems with the discs on my PC , which was frustrating , but that 's the PC 's problem . I hate compatibility problems . Buy this show , it will keep you laughing a thousand times through !
 Sometimes I wonder where the time goes . One second I 'm a 10 year old boy just trying to make the peewee squad , the next second I 'm a grown man . Thank you for this treat known as Workaholics , it makes the days go by a little bit easier
 Workaholics is so tight butt-hole ! It 's perfect if you wan na get weird . It 's a great show . I would suggest all of you get it .
 After watching the first season I was absolutely DYING to get my hands on the second season . This show is a great comedy and I recommend that everyone should at least give it a try !
 This show is hilarious without being obnoxiously or ridiculously offensive . It 's refreshing that it can be humorous without offending half of the world 's population . It is not a particularly mature show , but it 's meant to be light-hearted and not taken seriously . Every episode will make you laugh out loud .
 I love the show and this season is really funny . It arrived on time and all was good . I 'd order it again .
 Buy this . Why are you even doubting this purchase ? This season is off da chain , its fricking hilarious , and no one can beat the Workaholics at crass humor .
 We 're 4 eps right now into season 3 and it might turn out in the end to be the best season yet . But we 'll have to wait and see , until then this is the best of the show so far . Along with The League its the best show on cable -LRB- Always Sunny is terrible now -RRB- . You will especially love this show if you grew up in the 90 's , tons of references .
 This show is so funny i swear everyone i show says it is truly a gutbuster and i never get tired of watching the show
 If you happen to have this type of sense of humor , you 'll find all of these episodes down right hysterical !
 I cant remember if this was one that I got right away ... which it may have been . DVD was in excellent shape so I am happy with Anders !
 Could n't wait to order this ! Arrived promptly and have been watching it ever since . A must-buy for the comedy lover .
 Love this show , so freaking funny . Received DVD quickly and in great shape . Not much more I can say beyond that .
 This show is so awesome ! When I started watching it , I was kinda grossed out and confused but every episode has been so freaking hilarious !!!
 It 's workaholics ! Brilliant show , you can watch it over and over and catch things you missed the first time . Season 1 and 2 for $ 17 good buy
 funny show , I love that I can watch it without commercials , its silly humor , but a great way to unwind . if you like SNL you 'll like Workaholics
 Amazingly great ... and I need eighteen more words to describe my experience so I hope this will do it for me !
 Great show . These guys are committed to getting laughs . Though their method is certainly sophomoric , there 's enough clever wordplay , deprecation , and pop culture reference that they 're able to really get it to work .
 ha ha ha ha hahaha ha ahaha ha ahahaha oh workaholics . youre at it again you crazy alcoholic lowlife wierdos
 this show is hilarious . They are always up to crazy things . Adam has great comedic timing and I love it when they all seem to feed off each other . It 's a great dynamic .
 . . which the show continues to do through season 2 . They maintain that unique humor that we saw in season 1
 this show is hilarious . you 'll find yourself talking like each respective character . glad to see season 3 is available to download as they come out . been waiting for this for years . either + $ 45 a month for cable tv or $ 1.99 an episode of whichever show I want to watch . thank you amazon
 This show is one of the most funny shows that has every been on comedy central . An absolute must watch . Any season , pick a season , they 're all good .
 If you want to laugh your ass off , watch this show . Might not be for everybody , many could n't relate , but I think it 's hilarious and the main characters are the best !
 I have been watching this show since it was an underdog . It has grown quite a bit since it 's first season.The humor is outside the normal scale . I think it is aimed at a very specific audience . It 's junky , raw , inappropriate and crosses boundaries that no other show can . I absolutely love the show but again , it 's not for everyone .
 If South Park , Beavis & Butthead and the movie Half Baked had a baby '' Workaholics '' would be it . By far one of the funniest show ever !
 this s *** was mad funny if you want to wacth something funny these 3 guff balls will make you roll on the floor laughing
 great show ... i do n't think this show could get any funnier . . no issues with playno issues with purchaseno issues at all !
 This show is hilarious . I loved the first season and I ca n't wait to watch the second season . A great episode in the first season is the episode where they go camping at the office on shrooms is HILARIOUS . And my favoriteepisode is when they befriend the pedophile . Blake is hot too . If you are a stoner of any kind , you will love it . If youare n't a stoner of any kind , but you have a sense of humor -LRB- similar maybe to It 's Always Sunny -RRB- you 'll love it too .
 Hilarious show . I love it . It basically follows the adventures of three telemarketers who work and live together . I recommend this one to all my friends .
 I love this show more than my unborn first child ! I laugh almost nonstop . . and hard . Fur sure ! I 've never found a show that was this consistently funny . I love it . I 'm going to marry it .
 I love these guys ! Finally , a comedy based on my generation and humor . These guys are n't afraid to put it out there or say whatever is on their minds . If you like silly , stupid , raunchy ; then this show is for you .
 Finally , the second season to Workaholics ! Before watching this show I was 100 % sure that this show was going to be stupid , but I was wrong ! This show has now became one of my top favorites ! An awsome set , at a price nobody can hate ! : -RRB-
 My husband and I really enjoyed this show . Although we have not finsihed the second season yet . the product shipped in tact and fast . Came as expected !
 Leaving out the fact that I believe Drew Berrymore to be one of the most beutiful women to ever grace the screen , Doppelganger is a decent 3 star horror/suspence/thriller . Everything is very original here
 This movie dosne ' t make any sense . Twist and turns run rampant thoughout the whole movie . I adore films like this that do n't make rym or reason . I love the ending , the really creep dr that is talking about his obession with Holly I think thats her name . Yeas ago I brought this I never watched the god dam thing . They plays over and over agian on Showtime . The bonus about this is you sexy white man without his shirt .
 Yes , it has a low budget . Yes , there are some loose spots in the plot . So do `` Evil Dead '' and `` Suspiria '' and any number of classic horror movies . Since when does having a low budget and cheesy effects mean that a movie is bad . In defense of the effects at the end , this was made back in 1993 and was made on a relatively low budget . All things considered , it 's not that bad . As for the story , the whole `` Breakfast at Tiffany 's '' with monsters and crazy people was one of the things I liked best about the movie . The overall effect is a little uneven , but I like a little lopsidedness in a horror film . It 's those raw , uneven edges that attracted me to the genre in the first place . So , is this a perfect movie ? No . But that 's part of the appeal .
 As good as B movies get . Doppelganger -LRB- which Firefox cant spell -RRB- introduced me to Drew and etched her name on my brain for eternity . Its too bad people do n't give B movies more credit for an actors success . Ever notice Jim Carey never mentions `` Once Bitten '' ? Thats the movie that etched HIS name on my brain.And hey , Doppelganger taught me a word I did n't know at the time . Thats Edu-Porn to you chloe .
 I found this one on Sci-fi one afternoon and it was intriguing enough to go through three different video stores to find it . Drew Barrymore does a pretty good job and the storyline , although kind of weird , can keep you enthralled until the end . Definitely a good buy at this price . My first online name was Doppelganger ; That oughta show you how much I liked it :-RRB- !
 its really a very nice movie and i want a sneak preview of it
 If you have any interest in seeing a young Drew Barrymore wear flatteringly little clothing while wielding a butcher knife , this is the movie for you . Of note is a scene where she actually stabs her real life mother , Jade to death . Acting is mediocre , but the point of the movie was clearly to showcase Barrymore 's `` talents '' anyway . Stunning lighting work to boot .
 If you take it in stride you may find this movie very entertaining . This movie does have gooding acting in it by all of the cast members and has star power .
 Drew barrymore plays holly gooding , she kills her mum at the very begginning -LSB- Her also real mum -RSB- . Holly has a double . A man dresses up exactly like her to get people to realise who she is killing when actually he is doing it . He tells her to murderer her mother . She is an evil within . Toward the end , her brother is killed and him dressed up is like her and people think she as done it . She as been made like she is because of him who is telling what to do . She knows that the murderer is back . At the end it shows her turning into blood , skeleton abit discusting . 2 skeletons of her 2 sides of her . One kills the murderer and never kills the man who is good . ACE , GORE AND TERRIFYING . My mum liked this film too i never thought so a bit rude in parts 18 rated .
 Drew delivers a very good , believable performance . Throughout the movie , she keeps us in suspense , wondering whether the doppelganger truly exists or she is suffering from MPD -LRB- multiple personality disorder -RRB- . Her supporting cast members also perform well but she definitely stands above them . The movie is not an award-winner by any means but the acting is good and the story , which is very well written , covers a subject that is refreshingly different ... there are not many movies out there on the supernatural element of doppelgangers.Unfortunately , this movie has been overlooked by many . If you like suspense/horror movies , give this a try ... you 'll be pleasantly surprised .
 This film is totally under-rated . It is suspensful and keeps you guessing . If you like mystery this is pretty good and Drew did a good job on it . It 's not her typical work , but she is such a good actress .
 This is an awesome and an hard to find movie !!! It is a great Drew Barrymore movie , I absolutely love it !!! It was an recommendation given to me , and it was a movie I would n't thought of myself to buy !!!! And I was like , I got ta have it !!!! It was a great find , I am very happy with my purchase !!!!
 Drew Barrymore does a commendable job of conveying the horror and pain felt by one suffering from multiple personality disorder . Her nuanced , layered performance rivals that of Jaye Davidson in `` The Crying Game . '' A moving film .
 This is not an instructional dvd by any means . It shows you what a few dedicated Ashtanga yoga practitioners can accomplish with dedication , discipline , and the love of practicing this yoga method . I think everyone on this dvd is in their 50 's . They all look amazing and show you that age does n't mean a thing if you stay active and healthy . The dvd just shows you the possibilities of what you can accomplish with a regular practice.Totally awsome !
 Swenson rules when it comes to doing twisty binds while keeping a subdued look in his eyes , sort of like in Apocalypse Now when the helicopter general keeps talking about surfing and riding the wave amidst napalm and morter fire !! Sort of ... cause Swenson is hanging in Hawaii on the beach sans napalm , but you know what i mean :-RRB- He curls up into handstand while in full lotus , obviously very developed mind-body awareness ! And nice sexy shorts!I recommend all the Swenson products . His ashtanga manual is really well laid out . Good for practice with the spiral binding .
 I loved this DVD ... I did n't know really how was it , but also I had no expectations ... i just wanted to see how an advance practice look like and I got that in a very relaxing way , everything happens at the beach , a beautiful natural space . David and his friends share some things about their yoga journey and I loked that a lot . As I say , if you are expecting an instructional video , you should not buy it , I mean , you can see the vinyasas and everything ... but is more to know and appreciate the advance practice and entertain yourserlf .
 I ca n't wait to get the DVD so I can see this film again . I managed to catch it at the cinema in Seattle a couple of months back and I was blown away by its originality and general awesomeness . I 'd say it 's the best German film I 've ever seen , but it does n't have much competition since it 's pretty much the * only * German film I 've ever seen . The story revolves around Lola -LRB- Franka Potente -RRB- , a spiky-haired teenage tearaway , who needs to scrape together 100,000 DM in twenty minutes in order to save her waster boyfriend 's life . The structure the director uses to present Lola 's hectic adventures is really original - we see her attempting the same task three different times , each time with a few events differing and resulting in hugely varying eventual outcomes . I wo n't spoil it by giving the plot -LRB- s -RRB- away , but the end result is an excellent film . The soundtrack is very cool too - lots of suitably high-speed techno , in the style of Underworld .
 This movie is one of the more stylish movies I have ever seen . and unlike other movies that try to be stylish , this one has an orignal concept and is very very interesting and well written . It 's easy to follow and just a great fast paced movie . It 's a must see !
 This movie is the fasted paced movie I 've ever seen ! Tom Tykwer does n't miss a beat . He did an amazing job of creating an unrelenting drive that does n't let up until the final shot . The movie is full of stunning pans and great color contrasts . It is a movie that I would recommend to anyone .
 I originally saw Lola 3 times in the theater in the summer of ninety nine . I have watched it 11 more times on the VHS -LRB- I have the DVD but no player yet -RRB- . This is my favorite all-time movie . It is enjoyable on many levels . The Soundtrack kicks . Rent , buy , and enjoy . I also enjoy the many Lola Rennt message boards on the net .
 This film is a refreshing and euphoric look at 20 minutes in Lola and Mannis ' life . If you do not try to overanalyze this film , you will enjoy it . The key here is to sit back , relax , and absorb yourself in this fantastic piece of work .
 Okay , you have just recieved a phonecall from your lover and discovered that he has lost a lot of a mobster 's money and he only has twenty minutes to get the money back ... what do you do ? That is the problem our red headed heroine faces in RUN LOLA RUN . This is one of the best films I have seen . It is fast paced -LRB- in fact there are only a few moments where the film slows down and allows you to catch your breath -RRB- , and with each run that we see , the world is affected differently . It is truely a work of art when you see how director Tykwer makes Lola 's run affect people differently . In one scene , Lola is nearly hit by a car but manages to roll on top of the hood and avoids being hurt -LRB- however the car then runs into another car . -RRB- But the next time , Lola does n't make it over the car and stops the driver , who then misses running into the same car . RUN LOLA RUN the DVD is loaded with features that can greatly affect a person 's outlook on the film . The commontary is superb and explanes one what the signifigance of one of the quotes that opens the film . There is also a music video from the song that is the basis for the film , Believe . I highly recommend this movie to anyone who loves film .
 Do n't like the german language , but it do n't mather couse it is ezze to understand . Love the id&eacute;a of the movie . I ` ts good that the director has done the music to.If you have DTS this is a must.Every body that hates the perfect symphonies of Hollywood this is a must .
 I went out and bought this movie without seeing hoping I would like it and i was blown away ! Great Movie ! Good acting , Great story , and wonderful direction . This is a must buy movie ! Surely one you can watch overand over .
 Three movies in one . They contain what I like about good european movies . The originality and freshness , that you maybe find in some independent features in North America . When I went to see this movie , I thought it could be about a runaway Lola , or Lola being chased for her life . But I found a more interesting and original argument . When you think that everything is done , then surprise strike again . This is like going to the gym , now that you run with her , your heart ends beating like hers , because of the action and plot of this excellent movie .
 This is a movie about two lovers who only have 15 minutes to change the course of their lives forever . Lola recieves a frantic phone call from her boyfriend , Manni , telling her that he 's lost a small fortune belonging to his mobster boss . If Lola does n't help him replace it in the next 15 minutes , he 's dead . The movie takes you through half a dozen different scenarios - what if Lola robs a bank ? What will happen ? What if Lola borrows the money from her father ? What will happen ? - It 's a great movie that enforces the law of nature that every action has a reaction and every step in life that we take affects the next . I really enjoyed this film . If you do n't like watching subtitled films , the dvd comes with English audio - so you can actually watch the film instead of trying to watch and read at the same time . Go watch it .
 I ca n't believe that there are some bad reviews for this film . After watching it , I ca n't seem to imagine enjoying another movie as much as I enjoyed watching Run Lola Run . It was thrilling , visually appealing , wonderfully crafted , and pitch perfect techno score . I mean there 's nothing I could really ask for.The plot of the movie was repeated thrice because the director is telling us how much a second of each of our time counts . This is basically it . If you 're so philosophically gifted and old , then probably this movie is not for you . This movie is so much ahead of its time and definitely a one of a kind . Definitely a must see .
 I have not seen too many forign films . I had to watch this for my video class . I was amazed of how intense this film is . The camera angles are great and the music just makes it more exciting . Even though it stinks to read the subtitles , by the first scene you are -LSB- drawn -RSB- in and forget that it is in another language . A GREAT FILM
 This film took me by surprise years ago and has remained on my `` Most Favorite '' list . The music is great as it keeps time with the action . Whether you have a great sound system or not , Lola is outstanding both visually -LRB- with director Twyker 's interesting use of colors -RRB- AND audibly -LRB- is that a word ? -RRB- . Usually I do n't care for foreign films , but I 'll watch this one over and over again !
 A heart racing , pulse surging and foot stomping ride of a movie that is adventurous in its filming and reverberating in its effects.A pleasure to watch .
 This is my absolute favorite movie . I first saw this on the Bravo channel and was intrigued by the concept . I rented it and fell in love with this movie . The actors Franka Potente and Moritz Blietzbleu -LRB- I can not spell today -RRB- were so human in their emotions and motivation . This movie was extremely refreshing in comparison to all but a few American movies today . I loved all of the characters in this movie and the idea and reality of someone 's fate being affected by time and the smallest actions of others is genius of the director . This film is a landmark in all modern cinema.Also Reccomended
 Take one plot multiply three possible outcomes , and you have the wonderful innovative `` Run Lola Run . '' Each version of the plot will have you on the edge of your seat as Lola runs through the city to save her criminal boyfriend .
 This is a great german movie . The main character , Lola , has to get 100,000 . oo marks in 20 minutes for her boyfriend , Manni . She will do it one way and there will be a different endding . Three times she does it . Each time it starts over and she makes different choices . All the time she is running . It shows just one little choice you make will change the out come .
 This is one of the most exciting films I have seen in a long , long time . It 's a story that could only be told in this medium , and it uses the medium in the telling.Got that ? I know it 's become cliche to say that a film has broken new ground , but this one really has . It 's so fun to watch you 'll find yourself on the edge of your seat , palms sweaty , pulse racing.An amazing film . I loved it .
 This film is dificult to describe and do it justice . I found myself surprised to find it a refreshing story of love and comitment . Among the see of poor , sappy , shortsighted love stories this is an original , well paced impecibly directed , acted , etc. film that demonstrates the main characters devotion to the man she loves . However this devotion is not forced down the viewer 's throat and most of the movie you believe you are watching a suspense drama when really you are watching diferent fates of a woman in love . A must have for anyone who loves good cinema , foreign films , love stories , suspense , or just a plain good flick .
 Best action movie i 've ever seen ! It just does n't stop and drags you in with its music and story . Both are original and thrilling . See it immediately because time is running out -LRB- you 'll know why after you see it -RRB- !
 This is an awsome german flick with an even better soundtrack . a real independent film favourite , the best way to describe it is this
 An entertaining , high-energy film in which characters crash off each other like balls in a pinball game , spinning each other 's lives into new trajectories . This film tackles some serious issues but refuses to take itself seriously , thereby remaining light and entertaining at all times . To what extent are our lives ruled by chance , and to what extent are our fates determined by personality ? Watching the different versions of Lola 's run through town , we can see that the lives of various secondary characters take dramatically different turns depending on such apparently innocuous details as whether Lola runs by at a certain point in time or five seconds later . Yet the fate of Lola and her boyfriend , Manni , always seem to be the same . This is a rewarding film whether you or in the mood to ponder such issues or just to be entertained .
 A nice break from the average boring flick . Simple , and easy to watch , even for non-native English speakers . I originally saw it subtitled in Japanese , which mine is far from perfect , but still thoroughly enjoyed this film . A nice look at the random nature of life , and how one event can change many others . Soundtrack is top notch as well .
 Every year I see countless flicks that pass for entertainment . I see too many people going to see crap and liking it , but every year I also find something out there that brings back my faith in talented filmmakers making good movies . Run LOLA RUN is a really incredible film . While not preying on petty emotions and cheap plot devices to involve the audience director Tykwer relies on something more important , he gives his film a vitality I rarely see in American film . This move has a pulse . We feel it in every seen and then there 's that red hair . I love this movie and I try to get everyone I know to see it . Do n't miss it .
 I originally was forced to see this movie in my High School German class ... Since the first time I saw it i was hooked . I even rented it and made my boyfriend watch it . Just because it 's in German does n't mean you have to know german to see it ! I , personally , would recomend the subtitle version . That way you can really tell what they feel through their voices . I have heard it compared to Groundhog 's Day and i consider that a crime . Groundhog 's Day was a meaningless , horribly boring movie that had no feeling . Run , Lola , Run is actually interesting . Lola must help her boyfriend , Manni , somehow get 100,000 marks in 20 minutes before he has to meet his boss . If he does n't show up with the money he will get killed . After the first try the movie suddenly goes back to the beginning and Lola deals with a totally different outcome . After the second try , again the movie goes back to the beginning and the movie finally ends with a happy medium , after 2 shots at one extreme or the other . The techno background music helps with the excitement of the plot . This is a movie I definately recommend , even if you just rent it the first time ... I promise you , you will regret it if you pass it over !
 Run Lola Run was recommeded to me when someone found out I was a German teacher . I rented it right away and was taken on a thrill ride ! This movie is fast-paced , including a great soundtrack . Lola 's character overcomes a lot in just twenty minutes and you get a sense of her life as you live out three different scenarios with her . As a German teacher I would love to show this movie to my students simply to point out countless aspects of German culture . The only downside for non-German speaking viewers is having to keep up with some quick subtitles from time to time when things get really fast paced ! All in all , an excellent movie !
 The first time I saw this movie I had the same feeling as after I saw the Matrix . I was confused and did n't know what I thought of it , for sure . The next couple of times I watched it , it became better and better - more and more interesting ! This movie is brilliant and awe-inspiring . Even if you hate reading subtitles , you will probably enjoy this movie anyway . I 'm glad I own this DVD .
 Wild , exciting , spectacular indie foreign film ! Glorious cinematography , heart pouding musical score , and great performances make RUN LOLA RUN , the one to run out an buy ! No , I do n't think this film would 've worked if it was english , but it was n't , so who cares ? Smartly made , Run Lola Run collaborates many different ways of filmmaking and creates an acid trip goulash with a heart of gold . Odd , intelligent , funky fun !
 I first wanted to see this movie from reviews in the newspaper . Once I saw it , I experienced true movie bliss . It 's a fast paced high adrenaline joy ride . Franka Potente shines as the gorgeous Lola , who has 20 minutes to save her boyfriend . The movie plays in actual time and unfolds beautifully . This movie is in German , but you quickly adjust to the subtitles . I could pontificate forever on the genius of this movie , but that would n't benefit anyone , so I wo n't .
 this movie is like art . well-planned scenes and very sofisticated camera shots makes it a very beautiful movie . this is one of those must-have 's that should belong among those classic movies that never fade with time .
 Unlike most of the other reviewers here , I do not feel the need to regurgitate all the details of this film . Suffice it to say , `` Run Lola Run '' is number one on my list of recommendations ! I usually opt for the extremes
 One of my favorite films ! I love it 's energy and it 's just plain fun to watch . It has great replay value as I 've shown it to family and friends who 've all been impressed by it . You can literally sense the excitement the director must have had making this film ... and it makes me want to get up and run ! I like how it shows how one person , one star-crossed heartbeat can run into different lives , setting off an explosion of events and consequences . Also a tip , while viewing this DVD DO NOT watch the optional English Audio version unless you are up for a good laugh . The original German audio with English subtitles is so much better . The film evokes humor , excitment , and mabye a tear in a few scenes . A great all around film , fast-paced and exciting , do n't miss it .
 I thoroughly enjoy movies that handle their multidimensionality with casual grace . Run Lola Run is in every way wonderful without in any way seeming to try . The plot is engaging , fast paced , well written , and packed with enough detail to bring you back again and again . While a viewer might easily enjoy the film simoply on the basis of the staccato story line , it might also be savored for its thorough and precise treatment of Nietzche 's concept of eternal return . Triggering thoughts in me similar to those experienced while reading Milan Kundera 's `` Unbearable Lightness of Being '' I was pleasingly surprised by the true exactitude of the plot . Not a word , a shot , an image , or a second is wasted .
 Ever wonder `` What If '' ? What if you had done things just a little differently , or what if you had done it a second earlier ? What would the outcome be ? How would it change ? Find out just how much change there can be in Run Lola Run , where our heroine relives the same high-paced , action packed 20 minutes three times , each with a different outcome . Awesome heavy German dance music - great soundtrack . Available in both English dubbed , and original German format with subtitles . I love this movie !
 I am ashamed to admit that this is the first forgien film I have ever seen . As a Store Manager in a BLockbuster video , as well as a movie buff , I know thats hard to believe , but it 's true . A co-worker suggested I watch Run Lola Run , claiming it was the best film he 'd ever seen . I did n't want to see it because I figured I would be too busy reading the subtitles to even notice the action . I was so wrong . This movie was fast paced and fun . I did n't even notice the subtitles after a while . It put Sliding Doors to shame . The lead , Lola -LRB- who was brilliantly cast -RRB- has 20 minutes to get her boyfriend money he owes some notorious thug . The movie takes us through the twists and turns of everyday life . It was a little artsy , but not to the point that it will turn you off . You will find yourself rooting for Lola , and feeling just about as breathless as she does . It is an incredable movie and it will not let you down .
 After watching Lola Rennt for the fifth time , its safe to say that this is an excellently written ; an excellently directed ; and an excellently acted movie . All of these aspects of the movie come together , fit perfectly , work perfectly together to make a excellent movie . This fast paced German masterpeice should be the one movie in ' 99/00 you should not miss out . The movie was recently released on Video , so if you were not fortunate enough to see it in theatres , be sure to go down to your local video store to pick it up.The movie is based around Lola -LRB- Franka Potente -RRB- who must save her boyfriend from certain death , and do it in twenty minutes while picking up 20 000 marks on the way there . As I do n't want to go too deeply into the plot , I will stop there , if you want to learn more please read the spoiler section of the reviews.Not too go to deeply into it again , the movie is of Lola running througout a German city to get from place to place to collect money in time . THe camera work on the running scene 's is fast paced . Different and interesting camera angles and perspectives make this movie a sight to see.The story itself , simple enough , is helped out by the use of symbolism thoughout the movie . While watching try to pick up on some of these symbols in it . Even after watching it five times there are still things that can be missed . I 've talked to many fans of the movie that have pointed out some of these aspects of them film . It really is something you must see for yourself .
 I saw this movie when it first came out in L.A. I remember driving to work everyday and seeing a line of people wrapped around the one screen theater waiting to see Run Lola Run . Being a curious person I went to see the movie and was blown away . The movie is a truly spellbinding flick , well worth seeing and owning . If you have n't seen this movie and are tired of the same old hollywood blockbuster , bubble-gum-factory produced movies , check this one out . It 's fast paced , fun and well worth every cent !
 How many of us would n't want to have the chance to re-live a part of our life , to make it better , to alter its course to a differant outcome ? `` Run Lola Run '' is a film that uniquely explores this universal and very human fantasy . This is a unique action-adventure as well as a good love story .
 Excellent movie . Very surreal . You really do n't know what is going on in exactly until about half way through the movie , and for once that 's a good thing !
 I usually do n't like foreign films but this one is great ! This is a fast paced , high energy film . Interesting plot and 3 surprise endings . -LRB- Side note : It 's nice to see Germany from a everyday person 's perspective and not a travel brochure . -RRB-
 You must see this film with a loud sound system.Run Lola Run is high impact on every level . The plot is easy enough
 i had to buy it once i saw RUN LOLA RUN was available on blu-ray ; it is a great movie at a great price .
 I wo n't get into the details why this movie should be considered a great movie . 500 + reviews out there with 4.5 average star rating is hard to beat . I just want to stop at one of the greatness of this movie , even if that means giving out some spoilers . If you 're like me , you may be interested in reading reviews of a movie even after watching it - just in case you missed something important . In that case , you wo n't mind the spoilers.What I really like about this movie is how the three stories rate on the scale of being believable in contrast to our own aspirations and hopes . They all look pretty unbelievable at one point or another . Yet nothing seems less probable than the one with the happy ending , considering it involves winning at the casino 100 % of the time , a 1 in a Million chance of some of the encounters . Yet we all prefer the happy ending over the other two stories . It 's in our nature - to hope and have faith for the best . And when the movie ends , we 're left with the happy ending feeling , even though that 's only one third of what 's portrayed here . Ironic - is n't it ?
 Since I first saw RUN LOLA RUN right aroung the same time as I did Michael Haneke 's 1997 FUNNY GAMES , the two remain linked in my mind . Odd in a way , since I love this movie -- and have watched it several times -- and had quite the opposite reaction to the Haneke film , to the point where I refused to consider seeing the American re-make from 2008 . But there was one significant aspect these two late-90s films shared
 We all know that Germans make great stuff . -LRB- and I quote the guy from Shamwow who beat up a hooker . yes , I went there ! -RRB- This film was nothing short of excellent . We watched it in my theater 7B class and I just HAD to own it on dvd . Next to films like The Cabinet of Dr.Caligari and Das Boot , this film is surely a great piece that should grace every collector and movie buff 's dvd rack . Franka Potente -LRB- Bourne Identity -RRB- is just amazing in this film , one of her best roles in my opinion . The storyline will have you hooked from the very beginning , and the ending just blew me away ! It was such a fun film to watch , you 'll get in on the excitement as well !
 This is one of the more inventive movies of the last 10 years , I would think . It was new , fresh and very different when it came out in the late '90s and still is unique and enjoyable as of this review in early 2009 . The Blu-Ray edition , by the way , is terrific and worth the money . It looks tremendous.The movie is short - 81 minutes - but plenty long when you consider it 's three versions of the same story , each version about 25 minutes after an opening introduction.That may sound too repetitive or boring for those who have n't seen this , but it is anything but overplayed thanks to the innovative camera-work and interesting angles on the same story . Watching it on DVD was better than the theater because the 5.1 sound is superior , plus you have the option of a good dubbed version or the original German with English subtitles . I use either , depending on my mood but I lean toward the German with subtitles.Franke Potente , who has since gone on to become better known around the world from the `` Bourne '' films , is the centerpiece of this film and very , very interesting . The looks of shock on her face , her flaming red hair and wild general appearance and the crazy things that happen to her are always fun to watch and hear.Added to the unique cinematography , which includes tricks here and there , is a pulsating electronic soundtrack that brings added life to this already kinetic , involving film.The high rating I give this film could really be summed up in two words
 Ah , the 1990 's , before cell phones were ubiquitous and people still used phone cards . A great action movie , not too much violence and not predictable . Keeps you thinking too . The only criticism I have of the Bluray version is that you can see some of the scratches on the film , it seems this was n't digitally remastered .
 This heart-pumping , frantic , postmodern German film models itself after a video game , where different choices lead down different paths , to different conclusions , all within the control of the player . And yet , this film is so much more than that.Franka Potente plays clown-haired Lola , a young woman in love with bumbling Manni -LRB- Moritz Bleibtreu -RRB- and who finds herself racing against the clock to scrounge up the vast sum of 100,000 marks to save Manni 's life . As she runs through Berlin , she bumps into various people , whose fates are shown in flashes of slideshows , who may help or hinder her . The soundtrack is thumping , almost minimalist , with a voice droning over Lola 's high-stakes sprint , and it keeps the viewer as breathless as Lola herself.Because this film messes with the viewer 's mind , the plot can not be fully described without revealing spoilers . Suffice it to say that viewers will have their expectations changed at every step . The production standards are not Hollywood-slick , but director Twyker adeptly portrays both the desperate and the sweet in this story , with brilliant cinematography that takes this film to a high level . As the depth of Lola 's and Manni 's relationship is revealed , the character form the heart of this surprising , thought-provoking film.Watch this more than once . You 'll love it .
 Quite honestly , I was n't impressed at the first 20 minutes , but my lovely wife had warned me that it starts slow but turns into a movie worth watching , so I did n't hit the eject button.She was right.Wow.The beginning has very stylish music and visuals , along with a breakneck pace and a very difficult problem to solve , but what you do n't know is that you 're being set up for something you probably wo n't expect . I did n't . And I wo n't say any more because I do n't want to spoil the surprise.Note my rating . I 'm quite impressed .
 I liked it . I wo n't be overly snobish like many of the reviewers , so I will just say this
 `` Run Lola Run '' is an example of the sort of experimental storytelling you just ca n't get out of most American studios these days . In a nutshell , Lola -LRB- Franka Potente -RRB- has 20 minutes to come up with 100,000 marks or her boyfriend will be killed by his mob boss . This film follows three potential outcomes for this situation , and it does it in a smart , entertaining fashion.The only problem I have comes with a lot of the promotional material and the hype -- before I saw this movie , everything I read about it said it was about how `` choices '' can affect the way your life unfolds . This is n't exactly what the movie is about.While Lola certainly does make different choices in each of the three scenarios presented , the crux , the starting point , NEVER changes -- Lola makes the same FIRST decision and the metaphorical snowballs are sent in three different directions originally because of accidents of timing and fate rather than any choice she makes.Still , this is a highly entertaining film and well worth picking up -- just do n't be fooled .
 Run Lola Run is alot like `` Sliding Doors '' only extremely better.It features three different scenarios all following the same girl Lola , who must get 100,000 marks for her boyfriend Manni in 20 minutes , or else he will be killed . As Lola runs through the streets of Berlin to an amazing techno soundtrack -LRB- which I highly recommend -RRB- she passes by people in brief moments , which show a short series of shots describing the rest of their lifes with no words . In the first two scenarios , in which the outcome is tragic , both Lola and Manni seemingly freeze time , then it starts all over again . The film explains how things could happen differently , depending on what a person does , this proven by how the outcome of each scenario is different , and how the people Lola ecounters ' lifes are different in each scenario . Some of the best parts are when Lola screams , shattering glass , and silencing everyone around her . The last scenario , which has the best outcome , is obviously the one people would choose to end the movie , however a question remains . Which scenario really did happen and which two are simply theory ? The film also gives a good example of the multiple worlds theory , which suggests that everytime a person makes a choice , a new world is created where everything is the same , except the choice the made and its consequences . This proposes that all the scenarios did happen , except in different places with different outcomes , judging Lola 's and those around her 's choices . The film has a very interesting beginning , with shadowy figures walking around in a crowd , while a mysterious voice asks philisophical questions along with appearences by the people Lola runs by in the movie At first it does not make sense , but after the movie is over , one gains a better understanding of how the beginning fits into the rest of the movie . The greatest German movie I 've ever seen , any fan of good films should see it , and if they like it as much as I did , buy it .
 There 's something about some of those European action movies . Instead of creating intensity by adding a lot of shooting , car chases and people dying like flies , they make it by original filming , use of colors , use of great fitting music , making frequent unexpected and twisting turns and coming up with things that just have n't been done before.Run Lola Run or `` Lola Rennt '' is one of the best movies like that . Based on a dream the director had about a girl with bright red hair running , it is about just that . Lola -LRB- Franka Potente -RRB- is running for the life of her boyfriend and for their life together , to save everything she holds important in life.By playing the story three times , with three different outcomes and with several different short side-track stories , the movie makes you realize how much our lives and faiths are controlled by those little details that happen every day.If you want an alternative to the standard Hollywood action movie where the good guy has to kill several bad guys and the bad guys kill even more insignificant good guys , this definately is a movie for you .
 This movie does n't need a long review . All you need to know is that the movie packs a punch of feminine power and 3 endings that will make anyone happy . It is my belief that the music defines the movie . As each scenario begins , it setd the tone for the whole thing by the music . After watching this a third time , it occured to me that there was either a major or minor key in the music , depending on the ending . All in all this movie is brilliant peice gives everyone a thrill with bright colors , a beautiful plot , and incredible music . And I LOVE the city it was filmed in . ; -RRB-
 This IS your bag : If you like action , fun , stunts , thrillIf you want to see something completely uniqueIf you are not afraid of timeblendsIf you like fabulous music from some of the hippest german people -LRB- that make look the far too streamlined usual scores look veeeery old -RRB- If you like cartoonsIf you like to rather sit and hold than to stop the vcr and go to toiletIf you like to experience sheer SPEEDSo , what are you waiting for ? Run to get it!One funny sidenote
 Without a doubt this is the best movie released in 1999 . I am tempted to compare this movie to Akira Kurosawa 's Rashomon . Both retell the same story several times with variations , but there the comparison ends . Kurosawa uses Rashomon to explore how truth is in the eye of the beholder , while Run Lola Run , with its breathless pace , uses a video game conceit to illustrate a metaphysical debate along the lines of if a butterfly flaps its wings in China , will it rain in New York . In this case , when something goes wrong , the character has the chance to hit the `` reset '' button & get a another chance to make it right , bumping into people or narrowly missing them in her quest & causing different fates for them every time as well . Something that should be able to satisfy both art-house buffs & action fans . The extras on the DVD are fun . I have watched it subtitled mostly , but also dubbed , and , one night where I felt a little silly , both dubbed & subtitled . Good commentary & music video , too .
 Hello readers , Just last week I saw this movie in my English class ! I believe it 's the best movie I 've ever seen . Even though it 's a subtitle movie it 's easy to follow . It 's filled with adventure and suspense . I 'm sure everyone has had that feeling of `` deja-vu '' or if you asked yourself `` If I only did it this way , what would happen now ? '' well , that 's basically what the movie is about ! It 's unpredictable and it 's worth watching !
 This is the best action movie I 've ever seen . I 've never been a big fan of techno music before , but it is used so effectively in this movie that I found myself drawn to the soundtrack afterward . If you can appreciate cinematography like a fast-paced music video , you will absolutely love this film - guaranteed .
 If you have seen Black Mask and Run Lola Run , then you will know where they got the ideas for The Matrix ; and both movies were made before The Matrix . I rented the DVD and I 'm going to buy both the CD Soundtrack and the movie !
 I saw this movie this summer , and I was absolutely blown away . Not only is the acting fantastic -LRB- especially by Franka Potente -RRB- but the subject matter was enthralling . Think `` Sliding Doors '' with an overdose of adrenaline . The concept of the movie -LRB- how would life be different if I had n't run into that person ? -RRB- encouraged hours of discussion among my friends . Besides the intellectual part , this movie is highly entertaining and there is n't enough dialogue for the subtitles to detract from the action . A must-see !
 I do n't need to explain . It 's a great movie , among my top 10 . Buy it and watch it over and over , because thats the kind of movie it is . Oh yeah , watch the German version with English Text . It does n't add words and bad Grammar . . Like the English dubbed version does .
 `` Run Lola Run '' is a masterpiece so unlike a movie - a movie in the traditional sense , that is , that it 's difficult to follow at first . On second and later viewings , it can be viewed for the marvel that it is . It is ingenious in its subtle nuances of passing characters and seemingly throwaway moments that turn out to be so much more , and build the suspense and anticipation , as well as the opprtunity for brilliant twists , throughout the movie . The pulsating sound-track is a stroke of genius , and falls right in step with the relentless pacing of the movie . If you are intolerant of unusual or innovative filmmaking , do not see this movie . But if you have a genuine taste for the bizzare , the creative , the attention-grabbing , and the deviously intelligent , `` Run Lola Run '' is a movie for you .
 to those who are praising this movie . It is fun , it is profound , it is whimsical , it is confrontational -- everything that Hollywood movies are not . It is the kind of movie that demands repeated viewings . A MUST BUY !
 I steped out of the theater after seeing this movie and walked right across the street to a music store to buy the soundtrack . It was sold out and I was n't suprised . Everything about this movie rocks , from the the surrealistic concept of the film to the dynamic cinematography and the driving , relentless music . Some criticize this film as a movie-length music video , but I am unapologetic about my enthusiasm for the quick pace and exciting camerawork of this movie . I do n't have a DVD player yet , but I 'm definately going to get one before December when this movie comes out . I want to experience this movie again with image and sound quality as high as possible . See this movie in a theater if you can . If not , get the DVD .
 Tom Tykwer 's creative , avant-garde flick `` Run Lola Run '' is a hectic action fantasy filmed with some unusual cinematography in the streets of Berlin . Using a formula as seen in Kurosawa 's classic `` Rashomon '' the story postulates three possible plot scenarios , aided by some clever cartoon segments.The crux of the story involves Lola played by Franka Potente from `` The Bourne Identity '' and her boyfriend Manni played by Moritz Bleibtreu . Manni , a low level criminal and certainly not the sharpest knife in the draw , is acting as a courier for 100,000 deutsch marks the proceeds from a deal . Due to a foul up in plans he witlessly leaves the funds he is to deliver to a dangerous gangster on a subway where they are scooped up by a bum . He desperately calls up Lola telling her that they must come up with the 100,000 within 20 minutes or he 's dead meat.Lola implores him to wait , assuring him that she 'll get the money . However Manni has rashly threatened to rob a large nearby supermarket to procure the money.The plot continues as we see Potente running wildly through Berlin attempting to get the dough . Three separate possible scenarios play out as she rushes to her dad , who is a bank manager , to try and get the funds . Fate has a large part in determining how each possibility will turn out .
 This German film is a fascinating exposition in how events in our lives that my seem trivial can actually have a huge effect in the long run . Much like Ray Bradbury 's butterfly , who 's death in prehistoric times forever changed how the English language was written , this movie explores the domino effect . By exploring three different outcomes from the same triggered event , it successfully reminds us that every moment of our lives is important . Through the film , some of the differences between the three versions are very obvious , and some are quite subtle . I enjoy such subtlety , as it allows me to watch the film more than once and see new things each time.Beyond the philosophy and creativity of the storyline , this film is also very well shot . Bright colors and eye candy fill the 80 minute showing , complimented with heart-racing fast-paced editing and manic visual effects . By the end of the film , one might be just as exhausted as Lola.I have not seen a lot of German cinema , myself , but after seeing this film , I think its time I explored their exports more .
 Run Lola Run is a wonderful movie . It keeps the viewer interested because there are three different endings to the movie . Just when you think it 's over , new obstacles are presented in the plot and the suspense keeps you on the edge of your seat . Franka Potente is excellent in the role of Lola . Her determination to help her boyfriend , Manny , is inspiring . I consider this film one of my favorites and I suggest that everyone , males and females , see Run Lola Run .
 This film from German director Twyker is a real treat . In it we follow Lola try to raise 100,000 marks for her boyfriend Manni to pay back some gangsters , the only catch being that she has to do this in only twenty minutes ! And so the audience is treated to three different ways in which Lola gets the money.This film has several things going for it - a pulse-pounding techno soundtrack -LRB- with Franka Potente who plays Lola on vocals -RRB- , stunning visuals and a fast story that you really get caught up in . All of this makes for a very flashy movie that will completely draw you in . However , what gives it that extra twist is the way in which the movie shows that the slightest thing can set the course of our future , demonstrated by snapshots of people that Lola meets in her travels through their lives . Plus there 's some extraordinary acting from the two main characters that makes you really care for their plight.What 's also different is the fact that the movie manages to be sad , funny and gripping . And film that can achieve that has to be recognised . There are also some highly interesting scenes in between each story in which the young couple discuss love , the future and other such topics . It 's little wonder that this was so highly acclaimed , and is likely to become a cult classic in years to come .
 In today 's world of big-budget , formula movies , it is refreshing to come across a movie that tries to be a little different . Run , Lola , Run starts with slow music and a quote from TS Eliot . Almost immediately , the beat kicks in and a techno soundtrack envelopes the viewer . And once the techno starts , so does the action . Lola receives a desperate phone call from her boyfriend , Manni , who is working on a shadowy business deal . All he has left to do is pay 100,000 marks to an associate , but he 's lost the money . In a panic , he tells Lola that he has twenty minutes to pay or he 's dead . Lola then panics and tells Manni to stay put . She does n't know how , but she 'll bring him the money . And thus , Lola begins running.From this point on , the movie becomes three slightly different stories , each telling how Lola gets the money for Manni and each with a different ending . All three stories have many common elements , used to emphasize how a few moments difference can change an outcome . The first two stories are great and well executed ; but the third story is a little far-fetched and somewhat slower in pace . Still , the energy of all three is overwhelming.This movie has several great qualities
 What if you turned right instead of left ? What if you went out instead of stayed home?Must see movie for those who believe in fate and that the inconsequential things in everyday life really do make a difference .
 My daughter was watching this video when I stuck my head in the door to ask her a question . Over an hour later , I 'd forgotten the question but asked her how she 'd heard about this incredible movie.Word of mouth - she told me . Everyone was raving about it . `` Run Lola Run '' moves so fast you 're afraid to blink . Every brief part has an important element in the film 's plot.As the prior reviewer said , she has to solve what seems to be an impossible conundrum . Yet the resolution that she arrives at is itself quite a twist.The problem with reviewing a film like this is that it is near impossible to discuss substantive elements of the flick without giving away the plot!The acting is very good . The music is fantastic and captures the essence of intrigue . And the plot leaves you thinking those deep thoughts for some time.I loved it . And I do n't even like foreign films !
 I watched this movie in German with English Subtitles on Direct Ticket 3 times . I then bought the DVD and have watched it 6 more times . It is excellent the way they show you how one little thing can change your future . Every time I have watched this film -LRB- English dub over on DVD helps -RRB- I have picked up things I missed before . Some details are so subtle you just do n't see them . Watching the dub-over allows you to take in so much more . I do not like a-lot of movies , Groundhogs Day being one of them . When I watched this movie the first time , I thought Great , Groundhogs Day revisited . But when a little art and thought goes into it , instead of humor , it makes for a great film . I could go on forever about this movie , but the music is an added bonus to this great feature ! PS
 I liked it . It was real fast paced , the actress was sexy and interesting to look at , the camera angles were cool , the director employed just a hint of animation , the production was artsy yet gutsy , there were cool plot twists and manipulations and the story was good . Most of all , with all of this innovative filmmaking , the ending was satisfying.I give this a big thumbs up !
 I really enjoyed this film . It was so hip and fast paced that there was never a dull moment . I think Franka Potente is an awesome actress and I hope to see some more of her work . Do check this film out - it 's a ca n't miss Indie flick .
 This movie was introduced to me in my German class . From the first frame I was very much interested in the film 's artistic qualities . This piece is truly original and should be watched again and again . The director of this film is a genious because of its cast and technical qualities . Great soundtrack , as well ! Watch this film ... you will like it .
 `` Run Lola Run '' is the first german film in years , that became a huge hit outside the teutonic territory , and rightly so . `` Lola rennt '' -LRB- original title -RRB- is an enormously entertaining fun ride that starts at full speed and never lets up.Unlike most films , this one tells a story of 20 minutes in 80 minutes . The normal approach in movies is just vice versa . The film can do this by telling the same story three times . Each time , small details vary and that leads to an entirely different conclusion of the story . This gives the film some weight in the intelectual arena as well and makes it more than a technical triumph . The cast is another plus . Franka Potente is now something of a star in Germany , as is director Tom Tykwer . The media is already hailing him as a possible saviour of the german film , which puts a lot of pressure on him . `` Lola '' is a picture that succeeds in being entertaining and thought-provoking . There is little more one can expect from a movie . Gut gemacht , Herr Tykwer !
 This movie bring new-age problems in a symbolic sense . this should be viewed by every person who goes though a tough moment in life .
 I just ordered this movie online . You know why ? I LOVE IT ! This movie combines almost hilarious pure luck with amazing risk-taking in a wonderful and thrilling film!Taking place in a run-down Berlin slum , this movie is about a German drug dealer 's incredibly loyal girlfriend , and her dash through the city to find some way to get 100,000 duetsch marks to her boyfriend 's drug-dealing gangster boss . And if he does n't get the money ... I HIGHLY recommend this to anyone , especially all you Germany lovers out there ! -LRB- Hey , I 'm only 12 , but I still like it ! -RRB- So , overall , my opinion is BUY IT RIGHT NOW !
 Hi ! I am a 13 year old girl and I just recently saw run lola run . I loved it ! The way they show Lola running is really inspiring and because of that I love running now ! I also want to travel to Berlin now and maybe learn the german language . The names of the characters and the characters themselves are really cool and unique . Mannie is really cute and Lola 's hair is so cool ! They are both amazing actors . The movie is soo great ! I do n't know what else to tell you to make you see it ! I reccomend you watch it with subtitles so that you can hear emotion and the german language . . The beginning is really fascinating and the animation is unique . From the beginning you will be hooked and will not be able to look away till the end . This movie will stay with you always ! The film is just amazing ! See it , you will not be disappointed !
 Interesting time shift concept for a movie . I liked it enough to buy it for my collection .
 I had never seen it but heard about , bought it anyway and watched it and loved it !
 I thought this product was awsome , a classic , cheaply priced , and I recieved item way before the delivery date . Recommend buying movies from this seller . This movie was creative -LRB- although it was in subtitles -RRB- , and equally unique from any of the other movies I found over the internet .
 Lola is a girl stuck in a dilemna
 This is a good movie for learning German , since phrases are repeated from scenario to scenario . As for the plot : Supposedly , the third and final scenario is the true one . However , this is the most unlikely one . Somehow , in a city the size of Berlin , Manni is able to find the same homeless man who has his bag of money , and Lola gambles and wins 100 thousand DM , all in less than 20 minutes . The first two scenarios , in which Lola or Manni resorts to robbery and Manni or Lola is injured , are actually the more likely ones . Perhaps RUN LOLA RUN is poking fun at how neatly things usually turn out in movies .
 This film moves very fast , and it confused me the first time I saw it for a minute or two . 20 minutes may not seem like much , and you may wonder how can a 20 minute section of time take nearly an hour and a half , but it does , and it does it very well . I highly recommend this film . An outstanding piece of work in any language .
 I do n't know how the comparison got started , but Groundhog Day resembles Lola Rennt -LRB- its original German title -RRB- about as much as much as cooking sherry resembles a good merlot . Both will get you drunk , and how you get there is up to you -- but the low-rent route may not agree with your stomach all that well . This may sound as if I 'm getting ready to slam Groundhog Day -- not at all . It was a good movie , though not great , but there was a certain amount of formula to it -- i.e. , Bill Murray plays one of his stock cynical jerk characters , who because of an extraordinary series of circumstances , undergoes a complete personality facelift by the movie 's end . This is all well and good , and it makes for a fun movie -- but nobody will ever confuse it with a really classic comedy like It Happened One Night.Okay , so how does all this blathering relate to Lola Rennt ? Well , as I said , the comparison is absurd , a true case of apples and oranges if ever I 've seen one . GD was a comedy which pretended to have serious overtones ; Lola on the other hand is a serious , experimental film which refuses to take itself all that seriously . It has a definite sense of humor about itself , and even seems to parody itself at certain points . Also , Groundhog Day is about a man trapped in repeating the same day over and over again -- whereas Lola -LRB- and this is where the confusion started , I think -RRB- is about a woman faced with a difficult choice , who runs through possible scenarios of how her choices will work out -- but -LRB- and I wish I could use italics here to emphasize this -RRB- only the last of these occurs in real life ! The first two are Lola running through these possible events in her own mind , speculating on how it will go -- will I get killed , will my boyfriend get killed , etc. ? This is a small but crucial point that a lot of people seem to miss , and it 's also the biggest reason why Lola Rennt is cut from a completely different cloth than Groundhog Day.So , having said all that , let me now talk about the movie . The plot is simple
 Fast paced and intense Run Lola Run is exactly what you would expect of film with its title . I 'm not going to waste time on a synopsis but I was completely sucked in to the high speed drama the repititive premise induces and was left intrigued and pretty much blown away by its exploration of actions and their corresponding reactions . A great length and great soundtrack for techno lovers Run Lola Run is a must see .
 the movie is great . i never new the bourne identity girl was the same actress in this movie . it 's a great movie , every unique.run lola run .
 Francois Truffaut , the great Frech director once said , `` I demand that a film express either the joy of making cinema or the agony of making cinema . I am not interested in anything in between ; I am not interested in all those films that do not pulse . '' Tom Tykwer , the director of Run!Lola!Run ! , knows exactly what Truffault was getting at . His 88 minute landmark film from Germany does what most movies fail to do . That is , ASTONISH US ! I have not seen another film this year -LRB- or for several previous years -RRB- where the director 's love of filmaking is revealed in each shot . In brief , the film centers around a young woman trying to come up with 100 , 000 marks in twenty minutes to try to save her boyfriend who messed up a drug deal . The film gives three versions of the execution and outcome . But to mention `` the plot '' only does this movie injustice . Like with all movies , a film is not juged good or bad on what it is about . It is judged on how it is about what it is about . Tykwer does not use the three different scenario technique as a ploy . Each new version of the story makes us think about the past actions of its characters while , at the same time , revealing something new about them . What makes Run!Lola!Run ! special , of course , is its style . In a way , this is the perfect movie to end the century . It looks back to a tradition -LRB- i.e-pulp plot , `` love conquers all theme '' -RRB- while looking to the future -LRB- i.e-fast-forward freeze-frame , animation -RRB- . Furthermore , the director uses music the same way Scorsese , Tarantino , and Kenneth Anger do . Not to drown the images on the screen , but to heighten and enhance them . Run!Lola!Run ! is by a filmaker who is in love with filmaking . I can not wait for his next movie . Unfortunately , Hollywood directors will try to copy and follow Tom Tykwer . However , like Pauline Keal said -LRB- when referring to director Jean-Luc Godard -RRB- they ca n't walk behind him because he has already `` burned up the ground . ''
 Lola Rennt -LRB- as it is correctly titled in German -RRB- is one of the most entertaining films I 've ever run across . It 's got a pulse pumping soundtrack , three pulpy creative endings , and a leading lady with some serious hair . Not to be missed !
 The people here have already summed it up quite well , but I must chime in anyhow . I went to see this movie in the theater twice -LRB- the FIRST time I have EVER done so with ANY MOVIE -RRB- . Needles to say I loved it and am awaiting the dvd release.BUY THIS MOVIE YOU WILL LOVE TO WATCH IT AGAIN AND AGAIN.Don ' t let the German language version scare you the subtitles are easy to read and it makes you feel as if you are running through Berlin yourself !!!!!!!
 See Lola Run , Run Lola Run . And Run ... and run . You ca n't miss her , Flame-red hair and all . In a `` Sliding Doors '' type choose your own adventure scenario set in the time span of twenty minutes , Lola and her boyfriend Mannie are on a quest for money , and fast . Fast action , humor and wonderful camera techniques help make this foreign film hit a little closer to home .
 i saw this movie when it was in the theaters with my father who can count the amount of foreign films he 's seen on one hand . we were both amazed . the cinematography , the use of still photography , video , film , black and white , color . it is an amazing film that clocks in at under 90 minutes . it is funny and touching at the same time . i heard the director and the girl who played lola are now a couple !!! i ca n't wait to get the dvd .
 Like an extended music video , Run Lola Run is one of those visceral movies that can be watched passively for while but before long it gets under your skin making your heart pound your lungs heave and your mind race . Tom Tykwer 's direction and writing turned out a fantastic film that is pure action . This is a foreign film but its concept and style are close to home . Using the universal appeal of driving beats , as well as techno tunes and fast action photography this film is one that immediately grabs hold of teens and young adults and older people too ! Franka Potente is powerful in this film . She is aesthetically pleasing -LRB- as always -RRB- and really makes the film enjoyable to watch . The dialogue is quite simple and you need not know a lick of German except maybe die tasche -LRB- the bag -RRB- which is a line used often throughout.The film is centered on a young arty couple who are in need of money to pay off a loan after getting the . I am not going to give away a single plot detail because it may make the movie less enjoyable . However the movie is in fact three different scenarios of what happens in their pursuit of get back the money . Not all of these scenarios end happily . I have always imagined the movie as the imaginings of the couple as they plan and go through the contingencies of getting money.Stylistically this movie is shot a lot like a music video and is more emotionally stimulating than is an intellectual one.Its adrenalizing driving feel is refreshing especially considering it is a foreign film . So often foreign films are intellectual or just quaint . Not here . The only omission I would have made was the use of the animations that run in a few parts . They are n't bad and do not heavily detract but they are a little bit like something out of the ` 80 's . But overall , the heavy use of high energy volume fast action shots , aggressive dialogue against a relatively austere urban German backdrop that accentuates the action makes this such a fun film to watch.Beware when watching this movie you will probably want to do some cardio and this makes a great one to watch while on the treadmill if you have such a set up . This movie is pumped with energy and is a great point of entry into foreign film . It is one that is highly accessible very stimulating and good for a wide audience . I highly recommend you see this one
 Tom Tykwer has truly proven himself as the filmmaker to watch . The little known German director has produced a modern-day masterpiece ; a dazzling technical film about how life consists of the decisions we make.Lola -LRB- Franka Potente -RRB- receives a phone call from her boyfriend , Manni . -LRB- Moritz Bleibtreii -RRB- Manni accidentally leaves a bag carrying $ 100 000 on a train , which is picked up by a homeless man . This leaves Manni in quite a predicament . He is supposed to deliver the money to a gangster by noon , if he fails , then he is likely to be killed . Lola has twenty - minutes to save his boyfriend . Twenty short minutes to somehow find the money and get it to him.Run Lola Run is a film you expect to see at a Independent film festival , or in a Professor 's office at a film school . In no way do I mean that in a negative way , I mean not to intend that the film is of a lower standard with lower production values , rather that the film is a beautifully mastered technical film that uses every filmmaking technique in the book . It is refreshing to see a film like this in the midst of the commercialised , dry-cut , ` traditional ' filmmaking that we see on the silver screen so regularly.As stated before , the film attempts to use a wide range of filmmaking techniques to help get the director 's meaning and vision across to the audience . Some of these include speed-up , instant replay , black and white , and even animation in some parts.It may sound strange , but the film is twenty-minutes long . Well , not really , but it is in context . Tykwer focuses on the twenty-minutes that Lola has , and shows that twenty-minutes three times over , each time with small differences will affect the outcome of the characters . The danger with this kind of technique is that it can threaten to be repetitive . However , the new additions added by Tykwer are very clever and link in perfectly , which will have you gasping for more.Tykwer wrote and directed this film , and while doing this , he never lost sight of his meaning . His meaning that he is trying to express is that life consists of the decisions we make . While watching the film , this becomes increasingly evident . He also likes to emphasise that time is against Lola during the film . This can be seen when a young woman walks past and Lola asks her for the time , the next shot shows a much older woman answering her question , hence showing the importance of time.Franka Potente gave a good performance as Lola . Yet , it is hard to say that she was fantastic , because it is a role that requires a great deal of physical acting and we did n't get to know a lot about Lola , hence the film was n't overly-focusing on her issues , rather her boyfriend 's problem . The real standout performance from my point of view came from Moritz Bleibtreii . He actually took on a quite challenging role and pulls it off successfully . He achieves his objective of getting the audience to feel sympathy for the position that he is in.Run Lola Run is without a doubt , one of the best technical films ever made . A profound , exciting , new age masterpiece that has well and truly left its mark on the film industry .
 Run Lola Run is a fun , fast paced , and uniquely styled movie.The plot centers around Lola frantically trying to get money and deliver it to her boyfriend within 20 minutes.The movie repeats three such attempts , all with Lola starting at the same place , but with very different results each time -- not only for her , but for others in her wake.The plot sounds basic but is actually fast paced with lots of interesting and , after the first pass , familiar scenes with twists , how bystanders in the background are affected by her passing , etc.Imagine if today at breakfast you spilled some milk , which delayed you by 30 seconds in leaving your house , which placed you in an intersection in your car 30 seconds later , which caused you to narrowly avoid a collision ... Now reset the day , do n't spill the milk ... What happens now?Each of the three Run Lola Run sequences is off just a little , but then you see the differences to Lola -LRB- and passers in the street -RRB- created by these subtle changes ... Fascinating to watch and insightful into how much each of us can ultimately -LRB- and unknowingly -RRB- affect each others lives.The soundtrack to the movie is excellent and maintains the fast pace of the movie superbly.I liked the start of each of the three sequences when Lola starts running down the hall of her house . The camera view follows her and then spins off away from her path into the living room where her mother is sitting -- analogous to a wind vortex spinning off the edge of an airplanes wing and affecting passing bird -- sets the stage nicely for the scenes to follow.Run Lola Run is an excellent cause and effect movie . It does n't get hung up in time travel , sci-fi , or even why this is happening . It is just a fun ride , great visuals , music , and a little food for thought along the way.The movie is best watched in the original language -LRB- German -RRB- with subtitles turned on as necessary . The subtitles were clear and easy to read at all times.Definitely worth watching .
 The plot is simple
 this is not the perfect film , however it is engagingly inventive and intelligent . the reality bending techniques -LRB- animated scenes , split second montages , and three separated sequences -RRB- expand the dimensions of cinema . no film in recent history has been able to break the norms of standard film so gracefully . if anything , it 's worth renting , however it 's not for everyone . it has a distinct taste that wo n't appeal to everyone . which is part of it 's magic , it does n't pander to what audiences want , it gives the audience what it needs
 This was the first foreign-language film I 've gone to see in the theatre , and it certainly did n't shy me away from seeing more . Tom Tykwer 's unique writing and direction made this bizarre , pulse-pounding movie thoroughly enjoyable.Yes , the plot is pretty simplistic . But the trick is taking a step back from the plot to see what the movie is really about
 The DVD of RLR has the best secondary commentary track I have heard . It is refreshing to hear an intelligent director and actor discuss the movie as it unfolds instead of a monologue from some hack who says `` This was real cool . Actor X is awesome to work with . '' The movie itself is fast paced and stylistically stunning , and it holds up to multiple viewings .
 Two things make this a very good movie - well made and extremely well acted by Franka Potente -LRB- Lola -RRB- . The music is fantastic , if you like electronica and techno you 'll love it , and the action is fast . Franka makes the movie work however , she completely sells you on the urgency of her situation , she is great to watch . A bonus part of the DVD is a music video with her in it - minus the red hair - it is worth watching . The DVD also offers up different subtitle choices , stick with the German language version and rely on the English subtitles , it 's much better that way . One last cool feature is commentary provided by the director , Tom Tykwer , and Franka but it gets a little annoying after awhile - you really have to be a detailed fan to really enjoy it -LRB- a interview with them would have been cooler -RRB- . If you have n't seen it already - rent it first , you 'll probably end up buying it if you like something a little different . Enjoy !
 `` Run Lola Run '' is unlike any other recent movie that 's been made in several years -LRB- that 's a good thing by the way -RCB- . However the movie is not different just for the sake of being different . This movie is a completely original and well structured piece of work.The story centers on a small time criminal name Manni who must have 100,000 marks -LRB- whatever that is -RRB- in 20 minutes or he will die . He contacts his loving girlfriend Lola and as soon as she leaves the door to the apartment the movie rarely slows down . The movie then shows us three alternate and equally entertaining results to the situation.One of the more interesting innovation was the fact that the movie shows us how the lives of seemingly insignificant characters are affected by their run-ins with Lola . By the third time , since these characters are significant , you just do n't care . Techno music never sounded more appropriate -LRB- I 'm not sure that 's a good thing -RRB- as it is a good companion to the fast and sometimes exhausting pace of the movie.The movie had style to spare and enough substance so that 's why I liked it very much .
 If you have n't seen this movie , I highly recommend it . It 's fast paced with a great techno soundtrack . It will keep you on the edge of your seat with its captivating story line and built-in love story .
 I bought the film as i enjoy foreign films -LRB- hollywoods handling of films is quite typical so foreign films add the something extra -RRB- - we saw this film as a family -LRB- with 2 teens -RRB- - i loved it but the kids groaned at times when they had to see the same scene repeated 3 times with difference . It was memorable and loved the direction and raciness
 It was good . It is good . and the next I watch it , it will still be good . It 's a what if i can go back a hour or two and change events before time run out .
 Loved this movie when I first saw it and decided it should become part of my permanent video library . Highly recommended for those who love non-stop action . This movie gallops from start to finish ; never pausing an instant .
 I had searched for this particular version of tgw movie fir years . The movie had a price tag of $ 19.95 . I received it for about $ 7 including shipping . It arrived four days earlier than I thought . Sealed in package . Plays perfect . I was a first time buyer for Amazon and skeptical . I could n't be happier !
 Many people have referred to ` Lola 's ' d&eacute;j&agrave; vu narrative structure , and compared it with such films as Sliding Doors and Groundhog Day . I give it more credit than that -LRB- do n't get me wrong - I love Groundhog Day ! -RRB- . In those cases the character was caught in the film 's mystery , unable to break the time-warp spell and get on with their lives . Here , time breaks , shifts , bends , and cracks for one simple reason
 This is why I love DVD . When I watch a foreign movie , I do not , repeat , DO NOT , want to hear a dubbed soundtrack , which is what I usually end up getting stuck with . I dont have a problem reading subtitles and want the chance to watch the movie in the way I want to . That being said , WOW , Run Lola Run does a great job at pleasing everyone . It has tons of audio tracks , so whether you want German or English Dolby 5.1 , German or English 2.0 , or a commentary , this DVD has you covered . Great thinking guys , you made a fantastic movie even better by giving fans what they want . I only wish more studios put as much thought into their DVD releases . Run Lola Run is a great movie , plain and simple . If you 're afrad to watch it cause it 's a foreign movie , do n't bother . If you 're passing on it cause it 's not an american film you 'll probably miss the point anyway
 In my German class , one boy brought this movie in . I really did n't know what to expect , because most movies we see in German class are a bit old . . this one is very different , and creative . I have never seen anything so different , and imaginative . It is very well done , and interesting . Nothing that anyone should miss seeing .
 This is one of the best films I have seen in a great long while . The cinematography is groundbreaking , the storyline is impossible to predict , and the sidelines to the story are great - both the bedroom conversations that describe Manni 's true feelings toward his girlfriend , and thoughts about death , and the 10-second flashes into the lives of side characters and how those lives are affected by the decisions the main characters take . I suppose I would like this film less if I did n't also like techno , but even if you do n't , this movie has just so much to offer , and is so amazingly different than the formula movies , that you have to see it . I 'm one of those bastards in the movie theatre who tends to know what 's about to happen before it actually does , and I almost spoke aloud , `` For crying out loud , it 's only 20 minutes into the movie . It 's not like the main character 's going to die . '' WRONG ! The plot twists are impossible to imagine before you see it . -LRB- And I 'm not giving anything away , eitehr -RRB- Final note
 A fantastic , hip , and energized look at a young woman -LRB- Lola , of course -RRB- who must raise 100,000 DM in 20 minutes before her boyfriend Manni , who has to answer to a gangster about a large sum of money that he mistakenly left on a train . Run Lola Run literally runs right from its MTV-inspired opening credits , using a striking mixture of incredible lighting , quick editing , and animation to give a unique feel to late 90s Berlin -LRB- it is also a somewhat more optimistic picture of Berlin than the Berlin of Wim Wenders ' Wings of Desire , which the film alludes to in its opening moments -RRB- . The result is three different looks at what Lola 's adventure might turn into . Fantastic on every level , the direction is both quickly-paced -LRB- perhaps a little too quick in parts -RRB- and yet never fails to involve the audience . All of the characters emerge into full people through each `` scenario . '' Incredible as it might sound , however , this film could have used some tighter editing , notably in the -LRB- rather trite , it must be admitted -RRB- scenes where we learn of Lola 's father having an affair with a co-worker . I am unsure of what this subplot brings to the film other than a few laughs . As I said , the direction is tight and quick , but when the film slows , it slows for a reason , revealing character . Lola 's flaming red hair will help you keep focused on her running when the camera segues to its aerial shots .
 RUN LOLA RUN is a masterpiece in editing . This flick is a normal-lenght feature film , and yet the entire time you feel as if you 're flying through it . The quick cuts and camera shot selection is superb , and fit perfectly with the techno-esque soundtrack . Overall the technical side is stereotypical German -- outstanding quality . Oh yeah , and the story line is amazing too ! One of my favorites to come out of Europe . A real winner !
 I was so excited to find that Amazon had this film for sale . I saw it when it first came out in theaters in the US . It 's my very favorite foreign film and I love having it as part of my movie collection . This film was hard for me to find and I was so thrilled when Amazon had it . The music in this film is amazing and I also purchased the music cd from Amazon , which was very difficult to find elsewhere.Thanks again Amazon !
 Not as complex as my ten years ago memory of it recalled , but that 's not a bad thing . This is a little gem of a movie which tells its tale with economy and verve .
 Deserves its cult status . Great fun . I like the parallel realities device , as in Sliding Doors . Also , it does n't end on a sour note .
 I 've probably watched `` Run Lola Run '' a dozen times . The photography , directing , acting and plot are attention-grabbing . The music -LRB- I have the soundtrack CD -RRB- is perfect , and the film is fast paced . It 's a great watch on the treadmill and the score is a good jogging or skiing iPod addition.Franka Potente went on to the Borne movies -LRB- as well as many others -RRB- , and while many people find her annoying , she 's a good fit for Lola . Lola has three `` runs '' - basically three do-overs for the same events , and we see how each progresses and what she learns from them.It 's a German movie , so there are a lot of cultural nods and references that foreigners would miss . The voice-over is by Hans Paetsch , a famous children 's narrator . Famous German actors of yesteryear have cameos , and there are quotes and references attributed to other famous Germans -LRB- these were pointed out to me by a friend . -RRB- Because this is a foreign film , the photography style , editing , actors , etc. are different from what we 're used to , and the ending is typically European . This only adds to the movie 's attraction . If you like fast paced or off the wall movies , you 'll thoroughly enjoy Lola .
 Run Lola Run is the type of frenzied arthouse picture that just does n't get made here in North America . That 's really a shame because Run Lola Run is definitley one of the best movies of the year . From a cinematic point of view `` Lola '' is one of the most creative and energetic films that I have ever seen.The plot revolves around Lola , a woman who has twenty minutes to save her boyfriend 's life from German gangsters . To do this she must miraculously acquire 100,000 Marks.The film is appropriately titled as Lola really does run for practically the entire film . When she does not succeed in saving her boyfriend the movie cuts back to the opening sequence and the film plays out yet again in an entirely different fashion . The central idea is that small variations in behaviour can change the entire outcome of a situation . This idea was also explored in `` Sliding Doors '' , unfortunately , with far more mixed results.Eventually the cycle repeats itself three times over the movies one hour twenty minute screen time . Run Lola Run is just bubbling with creative ideas and really is a stunning ride . The action never really lets up -LRB- except in a brief bed scene -RRB- and is filmed in the kind of frenetic , crazy style that MTV would be proud of . Lola is also extremely funny in many parts especially when the film briefly delves into the future 's of various small characters.This is a perfect little film that stands up to repeated viewings . It is smart , entertaining and is something that is completely unique . Hollywood movies rarely have those three qualities , this German one does .
 Catch this superb German film before Hollywood decides to remake it -LRB- and believe me , they will -RRB- . This is cinema in its purest , most kinetic form.The plot is simple
 Run Lola Run was the first movie on DVD that I had ever purchased without seeing it first . I based my purchase on the great reviews of the film I had read time and time again . The DVD arrived this week and I was not dissapointed.The film is only 81 minutes long , and is extremely fast-paced and tense for the entire time . You really have to pay attention during the movie and suspend disbelief for a while to really enjoy this one.The quality of the DVD transfer is very good . The picture is great , and the sound is outstanding -LRB- the film has a good heavy soundtrack -RRB- . The extras on the disc are n't too exciting , but it is nice to have both German/English language tracks as well as English/French/None subtitles . I thought the english dubbing was done exceptionally well -LRB- except for the first scene -RRB- . One interesting thing to note is that it is a double sided DVD , with the fullscreen version on one side and the widescreen version on the other side . There is no label on the DVD ... only very very tiny print on the innermost rim of the disc . You have to have some good eyes to read it.I highly recommend this movie . But get it on DVD . It would n't be half as good on VHS .
 If you think that Lara Croft is the quintessential action star , then you obviously have n't met Lola . `` Run Lola Run '' is a masterpiece of action filmmaking that I loved . It is one of the best films of the year , and I will definitely buy it when it comes out on video . The film opens with a policeman/referee explaining the rules of a game . He dropkicks a soccer ball into the atmosphere , and the game begins with the ring of a telephone . Lola answers to find out that her boyfriend , Manni , is in trouble . He has left 100,000 marks on a subway train that has fallen into the hands of a homeless man . If he can not get the money to the gangster he owes it to in twenty minutes , he will attempt a desperate , ill-fated robbery in order to keep from beng killed . With a scream from her throat and a toss of the bright red phone receiver , Lola is on the run , leaving her flame-red hair , her quick feet , and a pulsing techno soundtrack to carry the film the rest of the way . It is when she begins to run that I sat forward , eagerly awaiting the outcomes of her three separate journeys . Yes , Lola 's odyssey transpires three times , each with a different outcome , and all because of one boy and his riled dog . Most of the film 's elements remain the same
 RUN LOLA RUN is one of those movies you can literally watch again and again and again . The plotline is fairly simple
 I saw this movie for free at a European film festival , and I feel * lucky * to have done so ! I liked it so much that I saw it again , and I loved it AGAIN ! I 'm hoping it goes mainstream so that it gets the audience it deserves -LRB- and video prices will go down ;--RRB- -RRB- . Not only does it excellently execute ALL the elements of the film ; it also leaves you thinking - about fate , luck , and even love . The way Tom Tykwer blends wonderful cinematography , infectious music , and innovative montages of different film techniques and formats into a highly immersive movie is sure to be appreciated by critics , serious movie aficionados , and masses alike . Emotionally , one feels immediate affinity and sympathy to the lead characters and their situation , the humor is seamlessly infused in the film -LRB- read
 This is clearly one of the most creative films I have ever seen . It was a huge hit at the 1998 Toronto Film Festival and at the 1999 Sundance Film Festival and well deserves every award it won . In German , with English subtitles , this is a wild and exciting fast-paced movie that can not be neatly assigned to a type or genre . Starring Franka Potente as Lola , her unique screen presence defined by her strong body , engaging tattoos and raggedy orange hair , she has a mere 20 minutes to get a large amount of money to her boyfriend so that he wo n't be killed by the mob . Instead of just showing us one of Lola 's approaches , the film gives us three choices , and packs a strong punch with its theme of fate and destiny and how one tiny little move can effect not only the main characters , but also everyone around them . You can literally pick your own ending , each one packed with excitement and ironies.Most of the film shows Lola running , and as she passes by the same bystanders , their lives are changed in long-ranging ways . The pace of this movie is fast and is a mere 81 minutes long and it did n't lag for one single moment . As a matter of fact , I did n't want to take my eyes off the screen because I did n't want to miss anything . The soundtrack is perfect to accompany all the running , and the director , Tom Tykwer , uses a great mix of animation , still photography , slow motion and some very unusual camera shots . Never , once , however did the film sink into just a palette for showing off his artistry . The story and the characters were foremost and the audience is held captive , their hearts beating , as they join Lola in her run . Recommended . Do n't miss it !
 I 'll just cut to the chase . It 's in German , it 's subtitled , and you 'll do yourself a disservice by not reading on . Run Lola Run is the hippest , most original thriller since The Matrix.Remember how everyone , including myself , was so amazed by the fact that 1999 's hit The Blair Witch Project cost so little to make ? Here 's another fact
 A kinetic , music driven sprint throught the most intense 20 minutes of one young life ... times 3 . The cinematography is astounding , some of the visuals in this film are gripping not only because of the lovely young Franka Potente but also the way the camera captures the pure primal energy of her considerably well-shaped body in motion . Not overly heavy on plot or opportunity for outstanding acting as a whole this film does n't lack at all in visual and auditory appeal . What story their is present is perfectly understated for the purpose of the overall movie , and the scenes that develop the main characters and their emotional motivations are well handled in both the direction of Tom Tykwer and the acting of Potente and Bleibtreu . All in all I would give the film 4.5 stars , but I rounded up for the sake of this review .
 In Short
 One evening I found myself watching this movie on cable TV simply because there was nothing else on . Within 10 minutes , I was captivated and amazed at this film . It works on so many levels . It is totally European in its script , filming and overall look and feel . Now I am not necessarily a fan of European or Asian filmaking , but this movie goes a long way to opening my mind to the potential of foreign films . Which is not a bad thing , considering some of the dribble being made in the US of late.This is a moralistic tale , yet it gets the message across that the split-second decisions we all make in our lives set off a chain of events that can result in dismal and irreversible endings . But the film has fun doing it . One can not help but be drawn in by the simplistic plot -LRB- and the basic plot itself is simplistic , though the various end scenarios are the height of creativity -RRB- and wondering what Lola is going to decide to do next.At times I found myself wanting to yell out `` dont ' do that '' or `` Lola , no ! '' which of course is ludicrous but signifies how wrapped up I became in the misadventures of this young German couple . I 've not felt the urge to talk back to a silent screen since childhood , but this movie had me rooting all the way for Lola -LRB- even though there are serious crimes involved -RRB- and totally wrapped up in the basic story and its varied endings.I like the fact that this is a European film shot in Berlin and with a soundtrack composed of the type of music that people in Europe -LRB- but not necessarily here in the US -RRB- seem to enjoy . Even without any foreknowledge of the location , one knows immediately that this is NOT anywhere in North America . This aspect only adds to its appeal as one of its many attributes is to give us a glimpse into the European mindset , at times familiar but still distinct enough to generate interest.Kudos to the actress who , if not a marathon runner , should certainly consider becoming one . If she was n't in great physical shape at the beginning of filming , she most assuredly was at its finish ! I never realized that the very act of running could convey so much to the audience -- we are constantly `` running '' all during our lives ; not in a physical sense , but rather our movement on the road of life . We run to , or away from , different situations , but there is no escaping the fact that we must make important decisions and learn to live with our choices.This film rates 5 stars -- I can find nothing wrong with it , and a lot that is right . Moralistic and entertaining at the same time , it reminds us that we are ultimately in charge of our destinies . We can chose to blame Fate , or a God or whatever we wish , but when all is said and done we have no one else to blame -LRB- or applaud -RRB- for the place in the universe we have carved out for ourselves .
 I do n't think I have ever watched a movie move as fast as this one -- could n't believe it when it was over . It 's exciting , innovative , visually perfect , and accompanied by terrific music . The characters are appealing and interesting . There was never a slow moment nor a wasted frame . `` Run Lola Run '' is as good as it gets .
 I just watched this movie for a History of Cinema class , and I must say that it is one of the best movies that I have ever seen in my life . Do n't let the fact that it is a German movie throw you off ; this is brilliant movie making to the extreme ! A pulsating , non-stop action thriller , you will NEVER want this movie to end.Run Lola Run is an great example of the New Wave style of movie making ; but while this movie is cinematically innovative , it 's also incredible for its message
 The teaser for this film is that , every second of every day , you come across a choice that can change your life . Tom Tykwer 's film appears to show that , rather than the main protagonists making alternative decisions the whole time , their actions are more or less governed not just by other people 's decisions and actions , but also by the timing of those decisions or actions.The plot centres around the girlfriend , Lola -LRB- Franka Potente -RRB- , of a would-be gangster , Manni -LRB- Moritz Bleibtreu -RRB- , who has to come up with a way of grabbing a whopping 100,000 marks -LRB- this was in the pre-euro days ! -RRB- in just 20 minutes , otherwise the do-not-trust-anyone head of the mob , Ronnie -LRB- Heino Ferch -RRB- , may do unspeakable things to him , if not give him a quick headbutt as he did for keeping a packet of fags from him once.One particular event , the theft of Lola 's moped -LRB- shown as a flashback in monochrome -RRB- , starts a chain of events , which will either see Ronnie get his money successfully or else see other outcomes . As a result , Manni , speaking in a desperate tone of voice from a phone booth , tells Lola that he will rob the nearest supermarket if she does not come within 20 minutes , preferably with the money.Three alternate scenarios , with three very different outcomes , are played out during this film , all of which are accompanied by a thumping , racing soundtrack composed by Reinhold Heil , Johnny Klimek and director Tom Tykwer , as Lola runs , firstly , to a bank where her father -LRB- Herbert Knaup -RRB- just happens to be the bank manager , and lastly arrives at the intersection , where the phone booth and the supermarket are , by one means or another.Lola encounters characters who recur throughout the film , including Jutta Hansen -LRB- Nina Petri -RRB- , who is Lola 's father 's mistress , Herr Schuster -LRB- Armin Rohde -RRB- , who is the security guard at the bank , an old lady pushing a pram , whom Lola almost crashes into at exactly the same spot during her headlong dash to the bank , a young man who wants to sell her a bike he stole , and the tramp who managed to get hold of Manni 's plastic bag containing the money he was given from the deal , which he had accidentally left on a Berlin subway train in panic at seeing two inspectors come into the car.Only one scene out of all three scenarios remains precisely the same , namely that of Lola 's mother talking to a married man on the phone when Lola runs out of the flat at the start of the 20 minutes needed to get the money . Franka Potente is spared running down flights of stairs in the apartment building via the substitution of animation , first seen on Lola 's mother 's TV and then seen as part of the main story , although we do see -LRB- the live-action -RRB- Lola lying at the bottom of the stairs at one point after being deliberately tripped over by a young boy wearing a baseball cap , albeit in animation only.Not in any particular order , the scenarios include a bank robbery , a supermarket robbery , the same two cars involved in crashes , the moped thief crashing , Lola screaming , Lola almost being run over by an ambulance , Manni being actually run over by the same ambulance , the ambulance narrowly avoiding a huge piece of glass , the ambulance smashing the glass to smithereens , Lola being shot by a police officer , Lola doing her nut in her father 's office , Lola being told to get away from the bank by an armed police response team , the security guard having heart problems ... and , as for the money , I will not say!Also , the characters of the old lady pushing the pram and the guy on the bicycle are shown in still `` flash forward '' pictures in rapid succession , accompanied on the soundtrack by the sound of a camera warming up before a flash picture is taken . Though they are minor characters , they are just as much affected by alternative events and outcomes as anybody else , so this is quite an interesting technique to show what happens to these people in the space of a few seconds of film running time.If you want to know which events come where , you will have to see this imaginative movie , which also contains two scenes where Lola and Manni are alone together , discussing how they really feel towards each other and what they would really do if particular situations were to occur . Each scene follows each of the first two scenarios and , though not at all action scenes with any music , they serve to help the audience realize that even the best of relationships may not be as solid as one might think at first.Tykwer has crafted a film that focuses very much on fate , not just determining one 's own , but also having it determined by other people and events , both predictable and unpredictable . This is very much Franka Potente 's movie , since it was the one which catapulted her to worldwide fame and a bourgeoning career as a Hollywood actress . I have heard both British English and American English soundtracks -LRB- as well as the original German ! -RRB- yet only the DVD with the American English soundtrack also has the English commentary on the film by Potente and Tykwer . Here , Potente reveals that , one evening when it looked like it might rain , she had gone to a bar and met Tykwer , who would eventually cast her as Lola . Had it been raining that evening , she admits she might never have gone to that bar in the first place , so she never would have met Tykwer , so he never would have cast her as Lola , so she might never have eventually become famous and gone to Hollywood . Life imitating art , indeed !
 I first saw this film when I rented it with a `` buy one get one rental free '' coupon , so I obviously did n't expect much from it . I saw the fancy cover art and thought it would be a short , inane film that would n't hold my interest . I was so incredibly wrong , and after I finished the film , I could n't wait to go out and buy it . `` Run Lola Run '' is sheer brilliance from start to finish , never letting your attention drift from the action on the screen . From the pounding techno soundtrack to the incredible camera angles and effects , the film is a wild ride to say the least.The plot involves the loss of 100,000 marks by a scatterbrained wanna-be crook named Manni who also happens to be the boyfriend of Lola . If Manni does not deliver the 100,000 marks to his gangster boss , Ronnie , in 20 minutes , Manni will be squashed like a bug . From here , the action begins . Lola frantically tries to replace the money for Manni , and she encounters many obstacles along the way . The most mind-blowing part of the movie is the alternate endings that show the various ways Lola must try to come up with the money.I was wondering how the filmmakers would stretch this film out to feature length , considering the plot begins and ends in 20 minutes , but they have done a masterful job of it . Simply put , `` Run Lola Run '' is not to be missed , it is one of the best foreign films you will ever see !
 When I watched this movie for the first time I felt like I was riding a 90 minute roller coaster . And then , after the movie was finished , I wanted to ride it again . This film is in constant motion , only stopping to let us catch our breath before it begins moving again , faster and faster.I enjoyed Franka Potente 's performance a great deal . She really displays a large amount of intensity , both emotionaly and physically . She has no idea what she is doing , but she knows she must do something and therefore she simply runs , Run Lola Run !
 Not quite sure what was going on here ... kinda reminded me of a cross between Groundhog Day and the multiple-endings in `` Clue '' , but fun nonetheless . Very energetic film that FLIES by!This DVD edition features and English soundtrack , as well as the German soundtrack , and the english subtitles can be turned on if you are a purist watching the German-language version . Also , the disc is two-sided , one side being full-screen , the other being letterbox .
 A unique , thrilling , true rollercoaster ride , `` Run Lola Run '' is one of the more striking films you 'll ever see . It does n't what matter what languages you can or ca n't speak , because language is almost superfluous . This movie is all about kinetic motion , and Franka Potente is perfectly cast as the heroine . Not only does she have a strong personality , a strikingly pretty yet odd face , and a nice mane of shocking orange hair , but her powerful thighs and glutes , constantly pumping and propelling her through the streets towards her ... fate ? salvation ? ... are the very embodiment of velocity . The Polaroid flashbacks of random people on the street are also very memorable . See it !
 WHAT A FLICK ! I EVEN LEFT SOMEONE RINGING THE DOORBELL , INSTEAD OF GETTING UP TO ANSWER IT . GREAT MUSIC , GREAT VISUALS , GREAT ACTING . LOLA 'S A REAL FIREBALL ! IF I 'M IN A FIX , I KNOW WHO I 'D CALL . DESERTED ISLAND ? JUST GIVE ME LE FEMME AND LOLA . AND A SIX-PACK .
 I bought this movie immediately , because I was so taken with it . The movie follows the course of Lola , as she races through ______ -LRB- ? -RRB- , Germany , to get 100,000 Marks to her boyfriend Manni . The story is told 3 different times , each one with a surprise twist ending . In addition , the director uses some excellent techniques . For example , when Lola interacts with another character , the director will sometimes follow that character for a bit . Often , he used a camcorder to film this , which resutls in an interesting effect . In addition , when Lola interacts with a character , the director often does `` And Then '' . `` And Then '' is when he quickly -LRB- in less than 15 seconds -RRB- tells what happens to that character by using a series of photos that each last on the screen for less than 1 second each . One woman that Lola runs into has three different `` And Then '' sequences , all of which are related to Lola but are very different . I really liked Sliding Doors , but this movie is much better . Finally , I would recommend getting this on DVD , not VHS , because there is an interesting commentary track with the director and Franka Potente -LRB- Lola -RRB- .
 RLR is filled to the brim with all sorts of neo-techno effects , and the acting is brilliant . It 's definitely one of , if not the , best films out there .
 This is one of the best movies I 've ever seen . It was so fast-paced and interesting . Oh my god , you absolutely have to see it !!!
 I saw this film accidentally and since then I feel extremely lucky.Every part of this movie is amazing.The story is good , the casting is amazing , the director has made miracles ... etc. . The point is , that not only what u see is perfect but also the music that plays the role of pictures ' `` counter-part '' . I have seen this film 5 times . RUN ... AND SEE IT !!!!!
 Run Lola Run -LRB- Lola Rennt auf Deutsch -RRB- is an artsy film that some people might not get when they first watch it . I know it did n't until I watched it a couple more times.It 's a movie about what ifs and without giving the plot to the story , there are lots of repeating scenes of what would have happened if I had done this . It is an interesting film , and I would recommend watching it in the original German rather than the English dubbed version .
 Ich fand den Film aufregen , weil es hat viel Handlung . Diese Geschicte ist &uuml;ber Lola und Manni . Manni hat eine schlect Zeit , weil er ist dumm . Lola helft Manni , weil sie liebt ihn . Die Musik ist wunderbar .
 Every now and than you 'll find a movie that you can not get out of your mind , and Run Lola Run is one of them . It is one of the fastest 81 min . movie I sat through.There are a few movies that will hit you right , and Run Lola Run had me jumping up , dancing , and yelling at the T.V. needless to say that this movie did hit me right ... LOL !! I thought the acting , sound -LRB- please view it in German , the english track is off -RRB- , music -LRB- get the sound track it is incredible -RRB- , editing , and picture were all good.Because of this film , I have become a fan of Tom Tykwer , and the lovely Franka Potente . Tom Tykwer is a interesting directer . After I seen this movie , I went out and found the only other movie I can get by him called
 To me this is the most romantic movie in a while , The love between Mani and Lola is very sweet the movie is also the most original in a while
 this movie is great for smart people , u halve to watch it closley and pay attention to every detail or otherwise it would just seem like a bunch of running , if you dont pay attention you 'll get lost . it goes through 3 times and little and big things change everytime . SO PAY ATTENTION
 The cool premise is of a single event replayed multiple times with only slight differences in timing yet very different outcomes . The extra reward is the viewer gets to see the ripple effects of how that difference in timing affects all the future life events of everyone who comes into contact with Lola for the briefest of moments or who already has a past connection to her.I rented this DVD 8 or 9 years ago and enjoyed it so much that I immediately watched it again , then without a brake I watched it a third with the director/star commentary on . Each time I picked up more engaging details and and it progressively increased my enjoyment even more . For a lower budget film I thought it was very clever , extremely well executed and Franka P. gave an amazing performance - her first to be shown widely to an American audience and with a star-quality performance that set her up for a future role in the 2 Bourne movies .
 Great Movie ! Really makes you think . It is based on the theory that every second of every day determins your ultimate fate and even if one second was different , it could change your whole life . There are twists and turns in this movie as Lola races to protect the destiny of her lover . Run Lola Run !
 Run Lola RunTremondous film.Indian film-maker , Mani Ratnam claims his film , ` Aayudha Ezhuthu ' was inspired by this film . Kurosawa 's Acclaimed ` Rushmon ' is the original inspiration for both . Franka Potente gives a stunning performance . You should watch the film in German with English subtitles . Never watch dubbed versions.It 's Rivetting . Recent Hollywood pulp , ` One Night at McCools ' starring Liv Tyler , John Goodman etc. is a lousy imitation . Though filmed on a shoe-string budget , the film teaches ` aspiring directors ' , particularly from India , how to create a CLASSIC . Though Franka Potente is now famous in her own right in Hollywood , this is one film of hers , which should NOT be MISSED !
 run lola run or lola rennt in german was a great movie about time and how much difference 1 second can make and oh how true it is for anyone who has expierenced fate in there life.it has a great soundtrack of both mixing of german techno and other forms to the american what a difference a day makes the movie flows well and there is no slow down time it is a great movie.the acting is good and make sure you get it in the german form with subtitles movies are not meant to be translated into other languages are dubbed it ruins movies . with the changing of scene to scene to scene you are surprised how great this movie mushes together and how much they really connect each time she runs is a whole new story which this movie pioneered all in all a perfect film great directing acting and sound there is nothing wrong with this movie.buy it if you like sci fi action mind screw if not you most likely wo n't like it or conservative republicans you wont like it
 I really liked this movie . Visually , it is a very beautiful movie . The characters , even the minor ones , are intriguing . The plot is exciting and revolutionary . And finally , the soundtrack is wicked awesome.Franka Potente is an amazing actress , there is more evidence of this in the Bourne Identity . She has lots of charisma and pulls you into the movie . Manni actually was n't too bad . He and Lola are both pretty weird people so its ok.Applause to the Germans , you 've come up with a really good one here ! Sehr gut !
 `` Run Lola Run '' is a magnificent movie set in modern day Germany . It is easily one of the best foreign films I have ever seen . It is entertaining and thoughtful and constantly keeps you visually engaged.Lola 's boyfriend , Manni , has lost 100,000 marks that he was ordered to deliver to his boss -LRB- an unforgiving gangster -RRB- in 20 minutes . If the money is not recovered and delivered within the time allotted , Manni will suffer a terrible fate . He desperately asks Lola for help in this race against time . She jumps around from one disaster to another desperately trying to help . We see three different scenarios of Lola running to save her boyfriend giving us a play on the chaos effect . Tiny details in Lola 's quest for the money ultimately change the result of the situation . As things change so do their fates , momentarily touched by her presence running by . The film is a visual display of Tykwer 's collaboration of camera , music , and story creating a display of cinematic emotion.The film illustrates a very different kind of female role that strays from the stereotypical portrayal of women . Lola takes on more of a male role as she desperately tries to be the hero in this situation . Her boyfriend is the one who seems incapable and asks for her help . The gender roles are essentially flipped and the stereotypes disappear from the female gender as we see classic beauty and attitude disappear as Lola runs through Germany . But surprisingly , at the end of the story , the female role is present and given to Lola as we see that Manni did not need her after all . They walk away together with Lola being the dependant female pretending that the chaotic journey never happened .
 I saw this movie on a listmania list and noted the high ratings , so I bought it and I 'm glad I did . Its unique format mixes media styles and throws in a few quirky twists just for kicks . It has all the strangeness and black humor common to Monty Python movies , but with a deadly serious and desperate quality that oddly enough works really well . I am usually pretty good at guessing what will happen next , but this flick threw me a few surprising curves . It is fast paced , so you will want to watch it again just to pick up what you may have missed the first time .
 I should mention I love foreign movies and I do n't mind subtitles . I thank my lucky stars for voiceovers on this visual masterpiece ! I wish everyone would have to see this movie . Lola has to get money - and fast . And she happens to get more than one chance . Interesting to say the least . Beautiful to watch to say more . You will never watch another movie that time flies by so fast ... which will make you not regret watching this even if you do n't like it . BUT - I guarantee that anyone and their mother will love this film . And watch it more than once , because it 's the little things . It is placement of scenery and the quick flash-forward slide shows . Intrigued ? Buy it !!! I will say no more than that this movie deserves more than the five stars I was able to give it !
 This film is amazing ... not only is the cinematography masterfully done , but also the many layers of the entire film . I especially love it on DVD because I can hear the director and Franka 's opinions about the film . Also , wide screen ... need I say more ?
 I 'd hesitate to call this a masterpiece but it 's about as much fun as any movie I 've seen in recent years . It 's relentlessly thrilling to watch , fresh-looking , well-acted , and the soundtrack complements the adrenaline-charged action perfectly . Do n't expect your life to change , just expect a great time .
 From the opening credits , this movie had me hooked . Then , as the last ending credits rolled off the screen , I pressed rewind and watched again . From an audio/visual standpoint , this is eaisly one of the best movies ever . The way the images and sounds tell the story is captivating , really making you experience the pressure of the situation that Lola is faced with -LRB- and the pressure all of us feel sometimes when faced with the choices of life -RRB- . The plot , when judged traditionally , is weak . But , two factors make that completely irrelevant . First , this movie details a 20 minute period of the characters ' lives . Second , this is a concept film , with the `` concept '' being `` the domino effect . '' Run , Lola , Run does a beautiful job of illustating the potential importance of every choice we are presented with . This , I believe , was the director 's goal , and he certainly succeeded .
 Would n't it be great to be able to depend on American filmmakers to come up with something like this even once in a while ? Combining mind-blowing originality with twists and turns that take your breath away , Tom Tykwer has written and directed a tornado of a film that will haunt you for a long time after you experience RUN LOLA RUN . Utilizing an ingenious three-part harmonic idea , he introduces us to the characters and then turns us loose to experience the unfolding drama as Lola must attempt to save her boyfriend from certain doom unless she can come up with a LOT of money in twenty minutes . But you already know that . What you DO N'T know is how thoroughly this film will blow you away ! Try focusing on anything but the brilliance of this effort as the credits roll by when it 's over . Truly original and completely inventive , RUN LOLA RUN is a classic !
 The Night i Saw this film , i made a copy of it the second the credits were over . When it finished dubbing i watched it again . Franka is perfect as Lola , AND she sings the title track . This film to me compares only with ` Being John Malkovich . ' 100 % EXCELLENT .
 Let 's face it , this movie rocks ! Anyone with any idea on the craft of movie making can see this was the most original film of 99 if not the decade -LRB- along with The Matrix -RRB- . The DVD only enhances it more.The music , the pace and the skillfull editing requires multiple viewing . No question about it , this is the best foreign film ever made .
 It 's been a long time since I have seen a film this well done , I think it may even be the first , and trust me , I 've seen a lot of movies . It 's plot was simple , that made up for its wonderful essance though . There was little acting involved , I am not criticizing , simply stating . The fact that there was n't a whole lot of acting gave it a unique and likeable sentiment . This movie is different from any other movie I have ever seen , and I have a great love for foreign films , making this movie at the very top of my list . I suggest this movie to anyone !
 This is one of the most inventing and entertaining films I have seen . I just saw it again on video tonight , I saw it in a theater last summer . Fast , funny , exciting and filled with meaning . Are we products of fate or circumstance or do we will our own future ? Lola is like a force of nature , stirring up the lives of all around her like so many fallen leaves . Great flick !
 Run Lola Run is a German import film with an edge . Lola , the girlfriend of small-time dealer Manni , is faced with a difficult decision
 I have never seen a movie like this before ! The pace of this film is frantic , and the rapid-fire visual images made me feel tired at the end . For people who do not speak German , this film will still provide action and entertainment . `` Lola Rennt '' is like `` Groundhog Day '' and `` Pulp Fiction '' combined . If you can imagine that .
 Run Lola Run -LRB- Lola Rennt -RRB- is quite possibly the most unique and innovative movie I have ever seen . These qualities , however , do n't always translate into a desireable end product . Happily in the case of this little gem the uniqueness is a breath of fresh air that you just have to see , fore no review I could ever write would do this movie justice ... it is that good ! Superb acting , superb filming and a fast paced story set to a pumping techno soundtrack keeps you utmost attention and leaves you begging for more ! This movie is in german with your choice of english or french subtitles , but the movie is so well done you wo n't even care it 's not in english ... buy this dvd , fasten your seatbelts ... and enjoy the ride !
 Run Lola Run is a fun , intense flick . The plot : Lola receives a frantic phone call from her boyfriend Manni.That day he was on an errand for his boss , a job with some mercs . It was a test , for Manni 's boss , to see if he could trust him.He took the `` merchandise '' to a buyer from whom he collects 1000,000 marks . Lola was supposed to pick him from the job , but unfortunately her moped was stolen that same day , then she rook a taxi and the driver mixed up the address.So Manni takes the subway , but then some security guys show up , and Manni panics and leaves , with the money still on the train ! The security guys keep him from retrieving it . He checks at the next station , but it 's gone ! Some vagrant guy has it , and disappears into the city.Now Manni has only twenty minutes before his boss shows up , to collect the money ! Lola reassures him she 'll think of something , but he threatens if she is n't there in 20 minutes , he 'll rob the store across from the payphone.So Lola has to think fast , and move fast . Since her moped was stolen , she 'll have to run . The first person she thinks of , for help , is her father , a bank manager . But will he help?Manni 's life is on the line . His boss is a dangerous man , who once headbutted Manni , for simply keeping a carton of cigarettes!Run Lola Run is full of unexpected twists . Showing three seprate scenarios which Lola seeks alternate ways to save Manni . As she runs into people on the street -LRB- sometimes literally -RRB- We are given a glimpse into their lives , and shown how a simple second can change it.It 's fun movie , i got goosebumps the first time I saw it.The actors are GREAT . Moritz Bleibtreu , is wonderful as Manni , who is QUITE believable in his portrayal as a desperate man.Moritz 's mother , Monica Bleibtreu , has a small part as a blind woman , who gives Manni her phone card . And Franka Potenteis FANTASTIC , she seems very likable personally . And as Lola , with her punk hairdo , dyed a brilliant fire-engine red ! Her navel blazon with a tribal tattoo , that looks like a sunburst . Her attitude , and her energy ! She 's amazing.But Run Lola Run is more about some cartailing mercs , and a punk fraulein ... It has some deeper meaning . About twists of fate . How a single event can effect someones whole life . It 's about true love , destiny and determination.With it 's unique directional techniques and adventuresome plot , it 's truly unique and very exhilerating ! A film I 'm , sure you 'll have no problem watching over and over again.It ' soundtrack -LRB- which you must get ! -RRB- is scored with some excellent techno music -LRB- partly composed by Tom Tykwer ! -RRB- And Franka lends her voice to a couple songs ! The beats will get your adrenaline pumping , you 'll want to get up and run with Lola.The DVD includes an option to play English audio -LRB- for people who are lazy about subtitles -RRB- but the voices for this audio track are really pretty funny -LRB- in my opinion -RRB- Still you may want to play , just for fun . I prefer the original German version with subtitles . It has them in French or English . If you watch it over and over , you may just learn some German -LRB- i have -RRB- Special features
 Run Lola Run is the result of a great experiment in film . Despite little characterization , scattered dialogue and a very basic plot , it fully succeeds in its intentions.The simplistic plot concerns Lola receiving a phone call from her boyfriend Mannie , who has 20 minutes to come up with 100,000 deutsch marks or faith the wrath of a crime boss . Lola sets off to find a way to come up with the money before Mannie resorts to robbery . That 's it . But the trick of the film lies in the retelling of those 20 minutes in three separate scenarios as Lola is given multiple chances to get things right.But the filmmakers do n't need a second chance to get this film right . The pulsating techno soundtrack perfectly connects with the beautiful images of Lola running , trying to beat destiny . There 's just something about the urgency in her eyes and the gracefulness with which she runs that wo n't let you take your eyes away from her . The film also explores how extremely minor events , such as brushing against someone , can have profound impacts on the rest of a person 's life.There 's really not a whole lot more I can say about Run Lola Run . It 's just a very small , short film -LRB- an 80 minute running time -RRB- that perfectly captures its subject . This one is definitely recommended , even for those that normally may avoid foreign language films . You just ca n't miss out on it .
 `` Run Lola Run '' -LRB- the English rendering of the German `` Lola Rennt '' , of which a mroe literal translation is `` Lola Runs '' -RRB- was the feature debut of actor Franka Potente -LRB- Lola -RRB- and director Tom Tykwer . Both deliver command performances.The plot revolves around Lola 's attempt to find 10 000 marks for her boyfriend , Manni -LRB- Moritz Bleibtreu -RRB- , who risks death at the hands of his gangster boss if he does n't come up with the money . Lola 's response to Manni 's frantic phone call in the opening scenes is to run to her father 's bank to see if he can help , encountering a series of passers-by along the way.Where `` Lola '' differs from the conventional structure of a film is that there are in fact three separate stories told . Each features the same general premise - outlined above - but the results of Lola 's run vary incredibly . This process was the most talked-about feature of the film , and as such does not come as that much of an adjustment to the viewer in 2003 . As well as the differing end results of Lola 's run , the people she encounters have different stories told about them . Lola runs into -LRB- literally in some cases -RRB- many different characters , a mother pushing a pram and a man selling his bike being the two most memorable . Each of these characters reacts to Lola 's presence and then a series of photos is shown explaining what happens to them afterwards - these results also change -LRB- drastically -RRB- from story to story.A third feature is the `` red scenes '' in between the main stories . Tykwer deliberately keeps the audience in the dark as to the meaning of these dialogues between Lola and Manni ranging over various philosophical topics - do they happen before or after the story in question ? do they happen at all ? regardless , they serve to increase the peculiarity of this film.And what a film it is . Potente -LRB- who also contributes vocals to the soundtrack -RRB- is a highly accomplished actor - more familiar to American audiences as Matt Damon 's sidekick in `` The Bourne Identity '' - and is capable of almost every emotion in the book here . Lola 's screaming has to be heard to be belived , especially in the opening scenes . Bleibtreu , in what is a relatively small role , proves Potente 's equal and it is surely only a matter of time before he too appears in a major Hollywood film . The other actors are somewhat hampered by the pace of the film which does n't really allow them any much character development - often , whatever development is made in one story needs to be totally discarded in the next . They do , however , acquit themselves adequately . `` Lola '' is , after all is said and done , Tykwer 's film . From the opening collection of quotes - including the enigmatic `` Nach dem Spiel ist vor dem Spiel '' -LRB- after the game is before the game -RRB- - and the ominously ticking clock , it is clear that he is not going to let the audience have a minute to think . Lola 's running scenes are shot at strange angles , in split screen and some scenes feaure the same shot repeated three times on the screen at once . All of this is done to a pounding soundtrack of German techno , some of which is composed by Tykwer himself . Tykwer has a wicked sense of humour in places , the toughs driving the car and the sunglasses-wearing nun always provoke laughs . The dialogue between Manni and Lola about Manni 's feelings for her is also very well-written , both in the German and the subtitled English.One of the most effective scenes is the opening one , a blurred shot of a crowd of people with a voiceover asking questions like `` where are we coming from ? '' and `` where are we going ? '' , followed by a line from the man who is later revealed to be the bank security guard
 If you are a fan of sappy , uninspiring Hollywood crap like Titanic or The Wedding Planner or anything starring Freddie Prinze Jr. , you should n't see Run Lola Run . Or maybe you should see it . Maybe it will straighten some of you morons out . Look , I am not a big fan of indie movies or European films . I do n't even really like Europeans . But Lola is a movie that everyone should see . I was hesitant to see it myself at first , but do n't worry . It is n't a girl power movie and it 's not some sick German sex fetish movie . The film is essentially simple in plot and in message , yet it is nonetheless riviting and thought provoking . It is a pleasant change of pace from the run-of-the-mill American film . By straying from convention , the film is able to explore many different elements of life , most notably time . Time is the real protaganist in the film and is always in the forefront . Time is made more evident by the ostinato German techno-house soundtrack . This is one of the few drawbacks to the movie . I may start liking that techno crap if I watch the movie enough . Then I 'll start going to techno clubs and raves and develop an addiction to ecstasy . But back to the movie . I ca n't say much for the acting since I watched the English dubbed version . But the voice over actors were quite good . Just do yourself a favor . Next time you feel compelled to see the latest Travolta disaster , stop yourself , think of my review , and go watch Run Lola Run .
 Very inventive movie and reminds me of Kieslowski , without the Catholic baggage , in that we see how randmom life isand how small encounters and slight changes in timing can significantly alter one 's life and others -LRB- without our even being aware of it -RRB- . This is an interesting -LRB- but not new -RRB- idea to think about , yet it is cleverly presented in an aesthetically pleasing manner in this film . This movie has all the elements of a classic cult film .
 Great movie , short and fun to watch . -LRB- Although I got tired of the running bit , I got it , she runs . -RRB- Overall , this movie was just fantastic . If you want something different , this is it . -LRB- Beware , it has subtitles -RRB-
 One of the most fun movies to watch , ever !!! It 's really clever in the new approach it takes to time mixing -LRB- as seen in sliding doors , memento , etc. -RRB- . It may not be the most insightful or deep but it 's just plain awesome . Four thumbs up -LRB- my feet got excited and decided to jump in -RRB- .
 I 've frequently found German cinema to be too depressing for my own taste as has my husband . However , this film got rave reviews on my film listserv so I had to give it a chance . I was drawing when I put it on the video player and , five minutes into the film , I had put away my drawing , not to touch it again until the movie was over ! That is how much this movie grabbed my eye . The director has quite the artist 's eye and takes us through 3 different visual versions of reality for Lola as she runs to try to save her boyfriend 's life . We see how very small increments of time can make vital changes to the opportunities and chances one has in life , including whether one will even continue living ! There is not a second wasted in the telling of this story and it is told very visually instead of being laden with dialogue . Lola has some very dramatic encounters with her father , a banking executive , in these 3 versions of her running . At the end , you feel very aware of how close you might live to momentary disaster , especially in light of the effects of Lola 's runs to the pedestrians and drivers on the streets where she runs . We found ourselves very caught up in the film and wanted our own copy of it as soon as it was over , which we did get .
 This is a whole new experience in film . It 's brilliant , innovative , and so much fun ! Fast paced , with a great pulsating score , it plays with time and shows you how a few seconds can change your life . . the editing is a marvel , as well as the cinematography . -LRB- Love the ambulance/glass shot ! -RRB- . This incredible movie will still interest you after many viewings . It 's a keeper !
 This is one of the coolest movies ever.i would recomend this to all ages
 I almost did not rent this movie , but was pleasantly surprised that this was a foreign movie . I rent a lot of foreign language movies to get away from the Hollywood schlock . I rank this movie with Wings of Desire and Das Boot among the top German movies . My version of the movie was subtitled but that was not necessary to tell the story . This is the story of a woman 's love and what she will do for her man , to the point of refusing to die herself and refusing to let him die . By force of will , Lola shows us how deep a love can be . The music is not something I would look for on a CD but it was certainly a driving force and fit so well . Also Lola had me exhausted in the first part of the movie with her running but as the movie wore on it became subserviant to the storyline . The repeated scene of Lola and Mannie after what must have been sex ties the movie together and establishes their relationship . The 81 minute length of the movie was perfect , you can get too much of a good thing . I do n't know why this movie is `` R '' rated unless it is for violence , but come on , what little violence there was was not gratuitous . I hate to waste 2 hours watching a bad movie . Lola was filling and satisfying in 81 mins .
 Fast-paced and gut-wrenching , `` Lola '' is definitely one of the best films of 1999 . Creative , exciting and fresh , it has the viewer in tense expectation all throughout the 80 minutes . A Must-See !
 ` Run Lola Run ' was one of the best movies of 1999 , IMHO . The creativity behind everything from the plot twists , to the music -LRB- the soundtrack , by the way , is fantastic ! -RRB- , to the animated cut-ins , to the soccer analogy absolutely blew me away ! This movie is pure fun and excitement ; do n't miss it !
 While I do n't particularly care for sub-titled movies and did n't think I was a ` techno ' fan , I LOVED this movie . It 's very fast paced , extremely clever premise , great soundtrack . I am recommending it to everyone I know . It 's one of those movies that you want everyone to see so you can talk about it !
 While I do n't particularly care for sub-titled movies and did n't think I was a ` techno ' fan , I LOVED this movie . It 's very fast paced , extremely clever premise , great soundtrack . I am recommending it to everyone I know . It 's one of those movies that you want everyone to see so you can talk about it !
 The same characters the same setting the same time frame . One decision by Lola . Who lives ? Who dies ? Very Cool Movie .
 Completely absorbing and hypnotising ; this is the single best movie I have ever seen .
 A great film . Lola is a cool , the action is riveting , the music is great , the acting is wonderful and the filming is clever . The DVD is particularly good because there is a great music video featuring Franka Potente and commentary by Franka and Tom Tykwer , the director . Also , only on the DVD can you watch the film with letter box . The last shot of the movie just does n't work with pan and scan . Enjoy !
 I dont think I can actually say enough about this movie to tell you how fantastic and perfectly grand it was to watch . I think having over 50 customer reviews with an average 5 star rating says it all ! I bought the movie just off the basis of my friends reviews , and now the movie is on my top ten list of the best movies I have seen . The cinematography , the plot , the music , the actors ... all were excellent . I could n't find a single flaw or even a `` they should have done this ... '' This one is just too good to miss .
 Wow ! What a cool movie ! I wo n't write a plot description because you can read it elsewhere but the concept is great , how minute changes in circumstances can create very different outcomes in life . When you take your next walk in the city or around your neighborhood , think about if you took a different turn than you decide on would you possibly bump in to someone that would totally change your life ? That 's what this is about . And that does n't even mention the inventive direction and terrific performances . Check this one out . AVailable in dubbed or subtitles .
 This is absolutely my favorite DVD that I own . There has never been any movie made like this one -- totally unique and engaging . Tom Tykwer 's film really sticks in your head , as you follow the lives of two main characters , and see how one little event in time can change the entire tragectory of their fates.This is an excellent , amazing , artistic gem that I want to get two of , just so that if I lose one , then I 'll have a backup !
 If life could be that way , we were all having a few chances to make things right .
 Although it is in german when you have the DVD you can change languages to english . The base of the story is Lola 's boyfriend must get a whole lot of money in 20 minutes . HOW ??? well thats the whole plot.It starts out with this wild cartoon and then turns into the `` real life '' which it is the most of the movie . The movie is a non-stop whirl-win of fun . The excitment and action -LRB- not explosives -RRB- is great.I own this movie and although i dont watch it all the time I do find myself going back and watching it whenever i want to see a good action/excitement movie . It has a good plot and the way the movie was put together is new and vibrant . The music supports the film very well also.I would recommend this movie to anyone who likes to talk about doing stuff but doesnt because then you can dream you are Lola on this journey but you never really would be !
 This is one of those movies that make you think . It makes you wonder and ponder that one question ... what if ? The other point that this movie makes is that and I quote Lola `` With love you can do anything '' . She makes a good point and that is what this whole movie is about . Finally the last point is that the soundtrack is so friggin good . It has the best techno beat that I have heard since Blade came out . The only recommendation I would make is to pay for advanced shipping because you need to see this movie .
 All I can say is `` Wow . '' After viewing Run Lola Run once , I was sucked in . And now , after having seen it at least 10 times , I still love it just as much as I did the first time . I 've seen this movie so many times , I swear I can speak fluent German ! It quickly became one my favorite movies of all time . First off , the greatest part of the film is Franka Potente . What a great actress . She makes Lola a believable heroine , and she makes you want to dye your own hair flaming red . She 's tough and fearless , and will do anything for the love of her life . The movie plays out 3 different times , each time with a different ending , but every time with one goal
 the film run lola run is n't just good , it 's exellent . yeah , yah , everyone says that about their favourite movies . but this movie is truly spectacular -LRB- even my spoiled north american teenage male friend loved it -RRB- . if he can love a movie , it 's got ta be really good.the film 's fast pace and great beat won the hearts of directors around the world and sparked a new genre in movie making . this movie is n't just a film ... it 's a genre !!! franka potente -LRB- my massive crush -RRB- , is so excellent as the spunki , german heroine , lola . she radiates -LRB- and sweats -RRB- as the dasher in deutcheland.the story tells of two lovers , who are very much in love . when manni -LRB- lola 's boyfriend -RRB- loses lots of money -LRB- in german currency -RRB- thatis tobe delivered to his mob bossi in 20 mins , lola must race to the scene to save her true love.if your not won over to see it yet , just wait . because there is a certain element of true direction that will take you for a rollar coaster of a ride through germany -LRB- and i 'm not telling .
 This is one of the best foreign films of all time , next to Amelie , Crouching Tiger , Hidden Dragon , Amores Perros , and Hard Boiled . It is the most fast paced movie I have ever seen , and a unique way of showing things . The soundtrack is great , and the pace is one of the best ever . Though it is a 81 min . film , it does not seem rushed , it seems like Lola did everything she could and you as well as her are satisfied .
 Furiously fast-paced and set to a throbbing techno soundtrack , Run Lola Run is shot in the energetic style in which music videos are filmed . In that , it reminded me of MTV , except with far more substance and underlying themes of fate and destiny . A young woman , Lola , receives a call from her boyfriend who is working for a drug lord . He lost the 100,000 marks he was supposed to deliver to him , and has only 20 minutes to come up with the money . Lola sprints off into a manic attempt to save him , and the plot halts . Then it shows three different outcomes , based on slight changes in Lola 's path . Run Lola Run is one of the most original films I 've ever seen , and Franka Potente is incredibly sexy in it . Five stars do n't even serve this masterpiece justice . Highly recommended !
 I liked the movie . It has a nice story which is a hearing girl is born to death parents and is a story of her life.My sister-in-law , who signs , had a hard time following the subtitles and the signing . She ca n't watch two things at once . This is trivia but my sister-in-law says the German signing is slightly different than American , makes sense .
 It 's amazing what you 'll buy when retailers sell DVDs for four bucks . The cool thing is that you can completely trash your expectations . Heck , I could n't rent it twice at blockbuster for this money . Needless to say , I jumped in with both feet and landed safely into a film I thought was pretty cool . Let 's run with Lola !! - DUBBA DUBBA ... I had to watch the dubbed version . I started with subtitles but this is a very visual film . The limited dialogue simply sets the stage for the physical action and reinforces the point of the film . So , it was more important to watch the action than hear the actor 's actual German voices . Most of the dubs were fair enough accept for Lola 's boy friend ; `` GODDAM # IT ! HE 'S GON NA KILL ME !!! WHAAAHAAAAHAAAA !! '' . After that scene it got better.-THE POINT OF THE FILMThough not a completely new concept , the film revolves around the idea that one little word , act or decision will dramatically change your fate and the fate of others . This film , though a bit overly deliberate -LRB- what , we Germans ? -RRB- still managed to be unique . I 'm not even going to tell you how this is presented because that 's half the fun.-A FILM OF FAIR QUALITYI would never call this great film making . However , it 's not at all bad either . Like the concept , the execution was fairly deliberate . I thought this made it more fun . The acting was at least adequate , the story was unique enough and it actually had some exciting visual dynamics without going over the top ... ... most of the time.-JUDGE NOT LEST YE BE JUDGEDWell the heck with that . This film is full of stupid people . Of course the question is never asked ; `` how could they be so stupid to begin with ! '' I guess we 're expected to roll with the premise as it was set up . That 's ok , but it certainly lurked in the back of my mind that these are not particularly good people we 're investing our emotions in . That kind of ruined the ending for me . Possibly the dumbest thing about Lola is her unique talent which borders on being a super power ; just ridiculous.-INTERESTING ANIMATIONI almost feel like I 'm giving too much away by mentioning that there is animation at all . But it 's too late ; there are animation sequences in this film . They were actually visually exciting and accentuated the entire concept of the film . It was almost like `` Schoolhouse Rock '' meets `` Lizzy Maguire '' meets `` The Simpson 's '' ; very Euro-groovy . Please ; no smart remarks about me even knowing about `` Lizzy Maguire '' . I do have a young daughter after all . Anyway , I actually liked these somewhat crude but stylish interludes.-WAS MUSS ICH DENKEN ? -LRB- What do I think ? -RRB- I thought it was `` sehr gut '' . It is actually a riveting film that has lots of action and only a little violence -LRB- mostly running , duh ! -RRB- . If you like unique story telling with good production values and fair acting this might satisfy you . The ending is a bit irksome to me for reasons I do n't want to explain here for fear of spoilage . However , it was inevitable considering the type of people we 're dealing with . I recommend watching with the dubbing due to the visual nature of the film . I found it helpful anyway . If you can buy it for the same price I did , all the better . So hop on the Lola express ; BOOM CHUCKA BOOM CHUCKA BOOM CHUCKA ... Actors ... 3.8 starsVisuals ... 4.7 starsStory ... 5.0 starsAverage ... 4.5 stars
 and more advanced ones , too.ACTION
 I use to work for a music store in SF that also sold and rented DVD 's so I 've seen my fair share of films including many foreign films and this by far is my favorite . I rented it and then immediately purchased it and forced my roommate and friends to watch it . Some were skeptical , but they all loved it.Truly a one of a kind movie and it certainly does Not need to be remade . Lola was also the inspiration for my cat 's name . I spent days musing over names and was still undecided . Then out of sheer desperation I turned to my ever growing DVD collection and scanned over every title for a possible name until I landed on this one . It was/is a perfect fit.Even if you do n't usually like foreign films I think you should give this one a look . Though if you become a Franka Potente fan because of it and want more then please steer clear of one of her other films The Princess and the Warrior . In addition to Run Lola Run I rather like her in the Bourne Identity .
 Run Lola Run is a little German film that became an international sensation when it was released in 1998 . The film stars Franka Potente as neon-red hair colored Lola who is literally running through most of the film as she tries to save her boyfriend 's life . Manni is working his way into a criminal organization , yet we can see that he is a genuinely good guy . Manni is supposed to bring 100,000 marks to the dropoff - but Lola is late picking him up . Thus starts a chain of events that ends disastrously , but begins again.Manni leaves the money on a subway . A bum steals the bag . If Manni does not come up with the money in twenty minutes , he will be killed . He phones Lola from a phone booth , sobbing . He wants to rob the store across the way . She says , No , Manni , Wait for me . I am coming and I will think of something . Her father is a bank president , but his relationship with his daughter is not good , and he has problems of his own , as we can see . Family and human relationships are portrayed excellently in this film . The acting is great.In this way , Run Lola Run is disjointed and post-modernist . People who prefer their story given straight up will say this film is weird . My husband did not like the mix of animation , techno music , and backwards/start over time frames.Which version of events is the real one ? That is up to the viewer . One thing is for sure - you will be cheering for Lola as she runs .
 I borrowed this movie from my friend to kill some time at work and though he had explain the plot ; I still loved it ! What he told me did n't exactly tell me what to expect . Espeically how well the music is cordniated with the film . The speical features include a great video ; which is of the lead actress 's song . The other features did n't interest me so I did n't check them out . If you liked the books that you can choose the outcome like go to page 8 or 16 you 'll love this movie . I intially watched it in English Dub audio but the lips were totally off and the voices sounded so weird , so I watched in German with English subtitles . I did n't mind the subtitles . I do enjoy forgein films , so if you like them too , buying this DVD would be a great addition .
 Run Lola Run is a German film made a few years ago that basically took American cinema by storm . Sure , it 's not the most well-known foreign film , but it certainly had a TON of buzz in film and pop-culture circles . Granted , the film is n't for everyone . First of all , it IS in German with English subtitles -LRB- which seems to turn off some people -RRB- . Secondly , the film is very post-modern , incorporating techno music and animation , not to mention a crazy sequence of events . So , if experimental film is your forte , buy this movie!The plot involves a heist-gone-wrong and yes , you certainly see A LOT of Lola running . And in actuality , the film is like three short films that are very similar but not exactly the same . The film is an exploration in how changing just one tiny thing in your life can have an effect on the entire grand scheme of things . The Ashton Kutcher film , `` The Butterfly Effect '' explored this same motif , but with far less captivating and enjoyable results.This film works on many levels . It 's easy to understand but also has a depth to it that will have you talking about it with your friends for a long time . I watched it in a college film class , but it would also be enjoyable to the general film enthusiast .
 While watching this move for perhaps the 8th or 9th time I realize that foriegn film makers just know how to do things right . This movie keeps you going from beginning to end . It amazes me the drivel of films that we get here in America . Whenever I am out I make a point to get my friends to go see somethng out of the ordinary and nine times out of ten , the result is fantastic . Usually resulting in the viewing of brilliant fare like Run Lola Run . The story in this film is filled with more thought than ten `` blockbusters '' could provide you with . If you like this film check out Monsoon Wedding , The Devils Backbone , Best In Show , The Professional and East West to name a few .
 Run Lola Run completely blew my mind away . Every time I see it I get excited and taken to another level by watching it . Run Lola Run is a German flim put to a techno soundtrack.Lola has 20 minutes to find 100,000 marks or her boyfriend is dead . Perhaps that may sound like a cheesy premise , but the script goes above and beyond that . It deals with life , love , the choices we make and most especially chance . One of the most interesting features of Run Lola Run is that whenever Lola interacts with another character , picture flashes are shown of their future because of their split-second encounter.There is a connected flow to the movie . I do n't want to give away the special set-up this movie has , so all I can say is that it blew my mind and will probably blow yours . Bring yourself to another level of awareness and SEE THIS MOVIE .
 A must see . -LRB- But only in German with subtitles -RRB- A beautiful young woman -LRB- Potente -RRB- must save her boyfriend from thugs by coming up with 100,000 dollars . The catcher of this one is the movie is divided into thirds . It shows her being a few seconds ahead , a few behind and on time and how just a second or two can affect a persons whole life . The pace is exhausting and the techno is thumping as you are submersed in a world of multi-angle camera shots , animation and dazzling editing . Following Potente through 20 minutes -LRB- x3 -RRB- of her world is sheer exhilaration .
 I just want to say that when I learned that my German class was going to watch Run Lola Run , I thought it would be another boring foreign movie . It was just the opposite . It left me on the edge of my seat the whole time and it has a triple bonus with three endings.I liked it so much that i went and got it immediately after I saw it . So go get it , you wo n't be disappointed .
 This is an amazing movie & the musical score is fantastic ! The story is really captivating & keeps you on the edge of your seat ... love it !
 Its a movie that get you from the begining also the music its great . its a great way to see how life can change for any reason .
 When it turned out that they had no more cheap copies of the movie `` Run Lola Run '' with no box they not only sent me a copy with a box for the same price but also included a Soundtrack CD from the movie for no exrta charge !
 We have a strange category of movies in our house
 Timely delivery , good condition , great film . And for me that 's saying something because I 'm not really into European Cinema ... but it 's fast paced , fun , and challenging . Definitely worth watching .
 I usually HATE the lightning-fast , quick-cut edits in modern movies . It always reminds me of either TV commercials or mindless music videos . RUN LOLA RUN uses this technique in a way that I never thought possible , by giving us a story w / heart and soul at blazing speed ! LOLA -LRB- Franka Potente from ANATOMY and CREEP -RRB- is a warm , emotional woman w / a fast mind . LOLA 's boyfriend is in dire trouble , having lost his gangster boss ' money . Now , LOLA finds herself in a frantic race against time , attempting to accomplish the impossible in 20mins ! If movies have to be at light-speed , then they should be like this ! Flawless and ingenious ...
 Original - fun - breathless ... A film & a script very not conventional !! Great !! Not to miss , , , ,
 This is a stunning film.The story is simple and spans a period of only twenty minutes . Lola has to raise 100,000 German Marks or her boyfriend will die , and the film tells the story of those twenty minutes through three different storylines . Each reflects the effects of slight changes , moments of delay , minor deviations , alternate choices and each plays out the effects these have on the future.We see how the future is written and rewritten by a glance , a moments hesitation , and act of chance connection or disconnection . Three stories are told , but we glimpse the infinity of stories that could and are taking place in every moment and the chain of interconnections that mean that each change changes everything.The film style matches the frenetic intensity of the impending deadline . The music and cinematic style create an energy such that the viewer does n't simply view but experiences the heart pounding exhaustion of the race against time.It is a film that lays before you the immensity of opportunity that exists in every one of our moments , if only we are alive to see them.I found the name of this film scribbled on the back of a piece of paper deep in a jacket pocket . How long it lay there and quite what chance made it surface and not be discarded or overlooked is of course the story of the film . I thank whoever it was that gave me the note and heartily pass on their recommendation that you must see this film .
 `` RUN LOLA RUN '' is a Film that Grows on You . One story three different scenarios , Exhilarating as I watched Lola Run and Run through the City towards three different Endings with subtle differences between each version ; by the time the third one began ... `` OH NO , NOT AGAIN ! '' ... I was exhausted perspiring and in need of a Brake , but she kept on Running and Running ... you see TIME is the Essence for Lola as the song goes ... `` What a difference a day makes twenty four little hours '' , By the time she was done Running I was all worn out sweaty and confused . One of the most absorbingly exciting Films I have seen in a long time . Check out the Cool music Video in the DVD Special Features . Now , if I could only SCREAM THE WAY LOLA DOES !!
 When her boyfriend , Manni , loses 100,000 German marks that belong to his mafia boss , Lola has just 20 minutes to somehow find that impossible amount and bring it to him before he does something dangerous . She can run fast , but it may not be fast enough to save his life . Combining animation , snapshots , vibrant colored film , with video and black and white sequences , Tom Twyker tells an exciting action adventure love story , that marked a new era of German and world cinema . The intensity , the colors , the music , all brought together in an avant-garde style that combines classical storytelling techniques with MTV-era edits , is unique and exhilarating . It 's like a music video and video game and fairy tale and art film , all rolled into one . It 's likeLast Year at Marienbadon speed , where the intellectual intrigue and excitement is matched by real and visceral thrills.The film opens with a quotation from T.S. Elliot , juxtaposed quickly with another from a famous German soccer coach , suggesting up front the film 's aims to transcend the distinction between popular and high-brow entertainment , poetry and sport , art and action . In my mind , the film succeeds tremendously . The acting throughout is strong , but Franka Potente channels Lola with a combination of fierce determination and vulnerability that is fascinating to watch.The opening scene establishes the philosophical dimensions of the story , with a light touch . Images of anonymous humanity , with emphasis on a seemingly random few individuals here and there , are accompanied by a narrator . Human beings ask endless questions , and every answer provokes new questions . In the end they all come down to a single question and a single answer
 Choice of dubbed or subtitled , went with subtitled , and as with all good foreign language films , got into the film enough to not even notice.The pumping soundtrack drives the film along nicely , the two leads are both very good , and the film is quickly set-up and running.The twists of fate , are amusing and quirky , and you cant help but finish the film with a grin on your face .
 A very creative , smart , hip , and stylish film . The soundtrack is excellent -LRB- if you like techno -RRB- .
 This soundtrack is so good , many other films -LRB- and commercials -RRB- have taken from it . It provides a true adrenaline rush , and captures the essence of the film ... so if you have n't , see the movie ! At least it will give you something to talk about .
 Even if you do n't speak german it does n't take a lot of effort to follow what 's going on . This is a very fun movie with good acting and an entertaining soundtrack . Action , drama , comedy
 Both cast and script were perfect . The movie kept you on the edge of your seat , not knowing what to expect-from any of the three separate endings . I have my favorite ending but wont spoil the movie by telling which.Lola and Manni ... two typical young people in a relationship , sucked into something bigger than the both of them . During the drama you watch their relationship change . Lola 's glass-breaking shriek was the thing that drove me to the movie from the previews . I wanted to see what that was all about and I did . Stopping time and changing events . It was all good.Great Sunday-go-to-the-movies flick .
 Run Lola Run is sort of like a work of art , as far as movies go . The movie has three separate storylines . I myself , think that this movie would be better with only one , but oh well ... that 's not the way it is . Lola is sexy in a strange kind of way with her red hair and everything . This movie is worth owning just to look at Lola ! This movie would be better too if it wasnt so badly dubbed in English . All in all it is a good movie and I recommend it for anyones collection . The soundtrack is good as well .
 Run Lola Run is an intense suspense film . When Lola 's boyfriend looses 100,000 DM from a drug drop and has to have it by noon he calls up Lola in desprate need of help . After suggesting to rob a grocery store , Lola pleeds with him not to and the movie kicks into three senarios of what may happen . Every time Lola gets the money , but it 's a question of if she gets it there too late or if her or her boyfriend might even die first . The soundtrack is also amazing adding for an even larger on-the-edge-of-your-seat sensation .
 This movie left me on the edge of my seat and short of breath . Once just was n't enough in the theater . I just had to see it again on the big screen . I never used to be into movies with subtitles . But the effect just is n't the same as it is in its native tongue . Just when I thought it 's over , it just takes you on another turn and another and another !!! If you like fast paced , unpredictable action with a soundtrack that fits its movie like a glove , this one 's for you .
 I thought it was good , I was considering on wether or not I should rate it a 5 or a 4 . A 5 because I thought it was cool , different , and interesting , but possibly a 4 because once or twice in the movie I said I was bored , but it was only at the scenes where it was repeating itself and nothing new happened . Besides that I thought the changes were interesting , the way of filming was cool -LRB- and the music -RRB- , and different because I have n't seen one of these different scenario ending type movies since Clue where the killer would change at the end . It got me mad because some people were giving it 1s and it definately does n't deserve a 1 , at least a 2 , even if you did n't like it because the I can understand why some do n't like it , but it 's not a 1 . So I would at least rent this before buying because people have different like and dislikes , but you should definately rent it , you 'd be surprised at how bad the preview for this movie looked ... but after I saw it I liked it . So do n't judge this movie on the preview which just had a bunch of running , screaming , and shooting scenes .
 only people who actually think throughout the course of the day need to buy this movie . it 's fantastic , but it wo n't do much for drones and zombies who live most of their lives without ever developing any insight on anything . It 's interesting and entertaining at the same time , and it leaves you to consider how time plays such a big role in our lives and our encounters w / people . If you do n't buy it you should rent it b/c it will get you to thinking .
 I believe the movie does well because of the premise of the Movie.The premise in this point is the background ie * the music , the Running & the fates that that lie in the endings ... That being said I have not seen this movie since it was in the theaters , so I may be ambiguous & therefore this may not be the best review & I will be open to critiques.I like this movie & reccomend it to anyone who is in the mood for something different ...
 Besides being a strange but most interesting movie , the music is just great
 This movie made me laugh harder than most movies I 've seen in recent memory.I 'm currently learning German , and in this movie I could not hear certain words said . And other times , words are spoken so quickly it was hard for me to understand.Despite these things , this movie has one additional thing
 This is one of the greatest films to have come out of Germany in a long time -LRB- subjectively speaking of course -RRB- . It is a unique film with a unique feel to it , and it is also one of the more daring films of the '90s - almost at the same level as Fight Club . The soundtrack is also an excellent buy.And if this is your initiation to German Film , may I also suggest these titles
 An adrenalin-charged movie that is sure to spank some new life into world cinema . The story is maybe Bonnie and Clyde , but retold in a fresh , different , young , hip , exciting , revolutionary way . Heart-pumping music , kinetic acting , fearless mix of photography styles , and a triple ending are guaranteed to leave us both shaken and stirred . Gen-somethings looking for a quintessential grrrl anti-heroine , need look no further than young Lola , mostly human , sometimes Toon , whose loyal heart and running stamina we cheer on even as we bemoan her poor judgment . This one deserves to live on as an alterna-series . Long run Lola !
 This is without a doubt one of the all time best films I have ever seen . If you are thinking about buying it just do so , you will not be disapointed .
 I rented this DVD online and was on the edge of my seat , glued to the screen and never blinked until the end ! I hit title repeat right away and went amazon to buy one and gift-click four more to web friends.I will remember this film forever!If Run Lola Run was up for a little golden man it would expose the others as impotent , unoriginal bits of trash .
 This film made my heart stop . I subconsciously held my breath in parts , for fear of disturbing its incredible movement and beauty . What an innovative succession of events ! Just when you think it 's over , Lola stuns you again . Watch this film ALONE . Pay attention . The first experience is key .
 This is one of the BEST movies I 've ever seen I saw it last fall and I still remember it . Usualy movies are forgoten after a few weeks but this one sticks on your mind . If you have n't seen this movie SEE it .
 Creative and innovating , very enjoyable for my preferrable viewing
 I have just watch the DVD and '' '' -LRB- COOL -RRB- '' '' is all i can say . A true classic in the making and well worth the dough . If you like something different to watch , and not the usual HOLLYWOOD pap , get this and enjoy ... !
 a really good movie and I would suggest it to all those with a taste for little less ordinary .
 This is fantastic ! One of the best films I have seen in a long time . Wonderfully directed -LRB- great angles great colours -RRB- , realistically acted -LRB- all the characters are so beliveable -RRB- and a brilliant and simple story . Suppose you had 20 minutes to save your boyfriend , what would you do ? And if it all went wrong ? The music is also brilliant -LRB- I have just bought the CD -RRB- ! I thought that I would be one of a few that liked it but look at all the stars . So forget the subtitles and buy this DVD -LRB- and learn some German at the same time -RRB- !
 Forget the cool german hi-techno music -LRB- alone worth the viewing -RRB- and forget the subtitles ; they are really unnecesary ! This is about when desperation and hopelessness are offset by what human love will do to ward off the inevitable . Lola runs - man , does she run , and would that we could have such a runner on our side!Lola runs for and against all those things we write off to fate , but Lola runs to erase fate . Lola runs with one purpose in mind - love will find a way!Love will find a way where there is no way . Love will find a way where there is no hope . Love will find a way becuase that is what love does.Love is the joker in the deck . Love says `` I recognize no rules ! '' Love does n't give up and neither does Lola!Run , Lola , Run . For when Lola runs , resignation and surrender have met their match!Leave it to those cold-blooded germans to remind us what love is all about!This movie say in the most simplistic terms -LRB- with some existiantial variations -RRB- that when it come to true love , fate and the universe are but a minor hurdle to leap over!This is a movie of desperation ; it leaves no time for analysis . It tells us love must act , not think ! See it !
 Whoa ! This movie literally took my breath away . Its fast paced the whole time never letting up . The editing is brilliant and the cinematography is amazing . Forget the VHS get the DVD its cheaper and has extra scenes and interviews . The plot is like nothing ive ever seen before . Buy this and you wo n't regret it .
 One of the most entertaining films I have seen in a very long time . Visually a remarkable film that never lets up for one minute . Watch it a ye shall enjoy ...
 Ok , I 'm not going to waste your time , You know the plot , boyfriend loses 100,000 dollars and must replace it in 20 mins , and the only one that can help him is his gal LOLA . What you do n't know is that this flick is one of the best of the year . I have been searching for movies like this for years . This flick is one where the action truly does not stop . The plot is very good , and moves so rapidly that it 's sometimes blinding to keep up with the subtitles . Most of all I think this flick will impress many because of the balance it attains in all things . It 's got a great soundtrack , good stars -LRB- Lola is pretty cute -RRB- , and great plot to keep you hooked and it 's visually stunning . That and the fact that an old buddy of mine Karol Chareza has a part in the flick , he 's the guy with the sunglasses that is in the passenger seat of the totalled white bmw ! WAY TO GO ! GUY RIGHT ON ! Sorry had to say it . Now back to the movie . I rented this flick on a whim , I read the back of the box and it sounded quite interesting , even though I 've never heard it before . I 've been wrong on my instincts before , but I 've never been more right than this one . I hope to one day accomplish the feat that has been created through this movie , a high energy movie that can relate to anyone and jumps across many cultural barriers in the process . This is the best foreign movie of the year , hands down . Action packed , hilarious , and downright rockin ! Do yourself a favor and pick this one up as soon as possible ! YOu wo n't regret it ! Lates , Rajah Dolemite ! PS
 WHAT A GREAT PIECE OF FILMAKING , I rented this movie on a recommendation from this guy at the video store , I was weary , because I do n't watch foriegn films that often , but now that I watched it , I 'm glad I did , it 's a fastpaced , fun , adrenaline pumping ride , that uses logic , not violence , great acting , great writing , great editing , and great directing , this film deserves an oscar , If you like fast paced , Kinetic , eclectic movies , rent Run Lola Run !
 So many people here have said so many great things about this startlingly original and innovative film that I 'll just simply echo it all . From the music , which fits this film better than any soundtrack ever has before -LRB- the visual to music rhythm sync job is incredible -RRB- , to the break all the rules camera work -LRB- not a single cross-cut or quick-cut was superfluous ! -RRB- , to the flawless performances by all concerned , this is not just the best foreign film of the year , but simply must be included in anybody 's Top Ten . For myself , I 'd say it 's easily among the top 25 of this decade . Yes , it 's that exciting , amazing , and original . I do n't have a DVD player yet , but this will almost assuredly be my first purchase , even before THE MATRIX .
 This movie had a killer soundtrack that just added to the wonderful character of Lola . Lola was portrayed by the excellent Franka Potente , who with wild flaming red hair captures your attention , and leaves you on edge through the entire movie .
 Concocted with a particularly 90s gunpowder mix of comic books , electronica , video games , animation , and MTV , this film explodes onto the screen with color , fury , and , surprisingly , intelligence . In fact , it never stops going off.The basic plot here is simple . Lola must get money to her boyfriend immediately or else he 's a corpse . The genius is having the plot twist back upon itself , stealing the video game convention starting the story over when Lola fails several times and giving her another chance to pull the task off . This should be a cute but shallow gimmick ; instead , it is utilized with an unusual cleverness and purpose.I sha n't give any of the twists or turns away ; suffice to say that each `` new life '' actually reveals more about the characters and their motivations than I would ever had imagined.A exciting collage of media , Run Lola Run offers extreme entertainment with hints of unsuspected substance .
 its the best , funny , romantic , artsy , super fast past , action . And its in German !! Dubbed is OK but the actors origonal language is the best
 Let me first say that I am anything but a movie person . I hate movies . Watching them is like a chore . However , after just watching this movie lastngiht , it has changed how I look at movies . This movie has got to be one of the best , if not the best out there . I 've never even heard of it since lastngiht , and I 'm already obsessed with it !! I 'm very jelous of this film , I wish i had come up with this idea . If you love action packed movies , with * AWESEOM * techno music , then this movie is for you . . you wo n't regret it !!
 good movie with good music . innovative
 I saw this movie in the theaters and I can not wait until it comes out on video . The music is fabulous , her hair is awesome , and the structure of the time sequences is very well done . I recommend this to anyone even if they do n't like running or foreign movies .
 Some films are magic . This is one of them.Don ' t miss it !!
 If you 're a big fan of Logan 's Run like me , be sure to check out this sequel . It takes place 30 years after the original , in a new city called `` Sanctuary '' built by the survivors from the original film . Alas , the Sandmen have discovered Sanctuary and Lola , the daughter of Logan 5 , must run for her life.All in all , an enjoyable film that fills in many of the gaps left by the 1976 original .
 This movie is a real eye opener . Set to a high octane techno soundtrack , Lola -LRB- Franka Potente -RRB- must help her boyfriend Manni get 100,000 or his life will be in grave danger . There are three scenarios of what can/could happen , and it 's an eye opener because it shows how easily your life can change in a matter of minutes . I definitely recommend it !
 this is a great film . it is a unique look at three different directions a few small changes can take the story . i think it is very creative .
 `` Run Lola Run '' moves and moves fast . It rushes past like a frenzied nightmare , pausing only for a moment between each of its three distinct segments for a romantic interlude that puts the exclamation point on the rest of the movie . This is the best foreign example of the new wave of unconventioanal movies that include the likes of `` The Matrix '' and `` Go . '' The dubbing is not great , but I ca n't imagine trying to keep up with subtitles in a movie like this . If you like action that is not insulting to the intelligence , this movie is for you .
 What ca n't one say about this it is truly brilliant.Visually stunning the dialogue was witty yet still thought provocking and the movie was paced perfectly.I recomend this to all ages
 Are we seeing alternate universes , or examples of philosophical determinism ? Who knows . Being simple of mind I just sat back and enjoyed this movie as an entertaining comedy.Actually you see the same twenty minute movie three times , but not to worry as each time you sit through it different things happen , and you are served a different ending . Lola has just twenty minutes to come up with 100,000 marks to rescue her boyfriend from a humorless drug dealer . Will she do it?To add to the fun watch the English dubbed version , and observe the difference between what is spoken , and what is written in the subtitles . Example
 As a film student studying to be a cinematographer , I am painfully aware of many films and their techniques . I can honestly say that this film was entertaining and exciting for both the film-maker and the cinema enthusiast inside of me . The film itself is wonderfully designed in both the story and the way the film was shot as well . The Blu-Ray is breathtaking ; beautifully designed and mastered.Plot DesignI hate it when plots are revealed to me , so I 'll try not to spoil anything here.The plot was an interesting look on the decisions that people make every day and how those impact others that they encounter . The director used interesting twists and seemingly unrelated concepts to advance the plot , which was nice since he allowed viewers to develop their own concepts and theories about what is actually happening.Film DesignThe cinematography and montage design of the film was excellent . The techniques that they used with soviet constructivist design and intensified continuity heightened the sense of urgency that the film was getting across for most of the film . The shots were beautifully designed , taking some long shots with amazing colors that pop right off of the screen on the Blu-Ray . Blu-Ray NotesThe menu in the Blu-Ray is functional and themed appropiately with the film . The special features are n't really aything to shake a stick at , but it 's nice that they were included nonetheless . The English version of the film with the re-dubbing is not very good at all , as is true for most dubbed films . If you 're seriously going to watch the film , I would suggest the German audio with the English subtitles . Also good to note that the Blu-Ray has a great commentary with Franka and the director .
 This is a great , fast-paced movie . I was initially skeptical of watching the same 20 minutes depicted three different ways , but this movie won me over from the beginning . Run Lola Run has style and energy , and I really did have a blast watching it.The music , the photography , the editing -- everything contributes toward a very fast film experience . After watching it I felt like I needed to do everything as quickly as possible . Loads of fun.One of the great things about it is that it stands up very well to repeat viewing -- watching it the second time was just as rewarding , possibly even more so , as the first . The interconnection of all the events in the film is much more clear the second time around -LRB- though not being as clear the first time does n't hurt the film in the least -RRB- . Highly recommended .
 Run Lola Run was most definitely the alternative hit movie of 1999 . While many movies were excellent in the past year , this stood head and shoulders above most of them . A little , comparatively low budget film , its director Tom Tykwer -LRB- with his meaningful , if not literal , film debut -RRB- and strangely intriguing star -LRB- Franke Potente -RRB- draw you into a world of possibilties , 3 possible possibilities to be exact.While Lola -LRB- Potente -RRB- spends three 20 minute sections of the movie running , frenetically rushing about to save her boyfriend Manni 's -LRB- Moritz Bleibtreu -RRB- life , the movie shifts from tripped out cuts to animated interludes all to a pulsating techno soundtrack . The viewer is taken along with Lola to experience her choices , even the most subtle , and how they affect not only the outcome but also the world around her . Woven into it , however , are Lola and Manni 's life together and throughout the film , bits of their psyches can be pieced together to discover their very realistic relationship . The way Tykwer incorporated character development into three 20 minute hyper-paced acts is brilliant.Run Lola Run is definitely a star film of 1999 . It deserves to be seen on the big screen , but the DVD or VHS widescreen would be acceptable substitutes , as certain things are lost to the pan & scan cropping . Make sure to steer clear of the dubbed version ; even those of you who hate subtitles will thank yourselves .
 Run Lola Run is n't well served on a small TV screen and its energy is diminished when experienced at home , but this is a truly excellent DVD edition.A small criticism is in the chapter-selection screens . Though the division of the film is quite logical , the layout of the pages is quite bad . I also could n't figure out how to turn off the commentary track after turning it on , forcing me to take out the disc and restart the machine to restore the original audio.But now to the legions of good points . The commentaries by Tom Tykwer and Franka Potente are righteously involving , both director and star eloquent and affectionate about the film . -LRB- It 's especially amusing to note that they seem reluctant to acknowledge that they are dating . -RRB- The technical details Tykwer offers are great for a deeper understand of the execution , and their anecdotes are fun , well phrased , and exciting . Thumbs up to the commentary tracks . There are also biographies on each , subtitle options , and the picture quality is good though , again , if you missed this in the theatres , you did n't quite get the full impact of this movie.Run Lola Run was an enjoyable experience for me at the theatre and , much to my surprise , has grown on me since . Potente 's lead performance is Oscar-worthy , emotional at just the right moments and comic and spunky at others . Moritz Bleibtreu is wonderful as the bumbling Manny , and the script is a great innovation . The music-video stylings sometimes detract from the story , but as a whole , it 's like a whole new way of seeing the world and , technical innovations aside , the movie is fun , comedically superb , and involving on a human level , a rarity for such a technically oriented film .
 This is a brilliant film . Lola the played by Franke Potente is a Red Haired -LRB- not natural if you know what I mean -RRB- freaky type who gets a call from her boyfriend Manny who is frantic telling her he lost a bag of money that he was taking to Renni a bald headed cimminal type . He states he has 20 minutes to get the money to Renni or he is a dead man . Lola tells him to stay where he is and she rushes out of her home to find $ 100,000 or is it in Deustch Marks ? Anyway this is a very clever story that takes place in real time . So you may be thinking if the movie takes place in real time does it only last for 20 minutes ? HMMM , you will have to see the film . The highest recommendation . I would watch it w/o subtitles first then watch it with subtitles . German film 5 plus stars No need to watch it before you buy it . It is easily worth the money
 This review refers to the DVD edition of `` Run Lola Run '' -LRB- or `` Lola Rennt '' -RRB- ... I had been meaning to view this film for quite some time . I had heard many good things about it , but kept putting it off . From what I knew of the story , about a girl only having so much time to save her boyfriends life , I was expecting something more like the Johnny Depp film `` The Nick Of Time '' . So when I finally got around to it ... wow . . was I surprised and delighted by this cinematic treat . -LRB- and I was mad at myself for not watching it before this ! -RRB- It 's one of those you want to watch again immediately.The film is heart pumping , creative , innovative and fresh . The story will have you thinking about it for quite sometime . Our heroine Lola , finds herself with only 20 minutes to save Manni 's life . It seems he has accidentally lost a huge some of money and the men it belongs to are not exactly the forgiving kind . He frantically calls Lola , as she is the one with the ideas.Lola immediately goes into action to try to prevent the horrors of what will happen if Manni does n't come up with the money . So right from the start we are intrigued to see if she will pull it off.The film does n't stop here though , it 's just beginning . In 20 minutes , many things can happen to alter the course of a life . ` What if 's ' are the question here . What if that car was just a little slower , or what if a conversation went just a little differently ? These are little things that can make big differences when it counts . It 's a roller coaster of a ride , as we watch , and cheer for Lola , as she attempts to change the fates.The photography of this film is exceptional . Imagine trying to keep up with a running person all the time , and still coming up with incredible shot after shot . The music is fabulous and very much a part of the story.Franka Potente -LRB- Barbara from `` Blow '' -RRB- is wonderful in her performance of Lola . Directed by Tom Tykwer , this German film is a must see for anyone who loves foreign films or just fine filmmaking.The DVD is presented in German -LRB- DD5 .1 or Stereo Surround -RRB- , with English or French subtitles . It may also be viewed in English -LRB- also DD5 .1 and 2.0 -RRB- if you prefer . There 's a music video and commentary by both the Director and Potente that may be viewed during the film . It may be viewed in either the original theatrical widescreen aspect ratio or a full screen version . I highly recommend the widescreen that takes in all the great photography.Don ' t miss this exhilarting ride ... go for it ... Lauriealso recommended : Winter KillsLuzhin Defence -LRB- Full Screen Version -RRB- Blind Horizon
 Run Lola Run -LRB- called Lola Rennt in its native Germany -RRB- is the movie that perhaps best defines the dissafectionist undercurrent present in the final decade of the twentieth century . Set in a stark urban landscape , it proceeds at the same frenetic pace as its protagonist - scarlet-coiffured Lola - as she attempts to save her boyfriend 's life . Lola 's frenzied desperation is echoed in the beat-driven techno-style score , and through the jerky camera work and rapid shot sequences.Instead of 90 continuous minutes of flowing film , Run Lola Run is split into three scenarios , with widely divergent outcomes . Manni has inadvertently left a bag containing a large amount of money destined for a Berlin Mafia syndicate on the train . He rings his girlfriend , Lola , in a panic , telling her that he needs 100,000 marks in 20 minutes or he 's as good as dead . Lola hits the ground running and the three segments follow her quest for fast cash.The movie ponders the age-old question of how one seemingly insignificant action can alter the course of destiny ; in this case it is Lola 's differing interactions with a boy and his dog on the staircase of her apartment block -LRB- shown in a cartoon -RRB- at the beginning of each scenario that sets the scene for her subsequent varied modes of action . Director Tom Tykwer lets the camera do the talking , and the sometimes overwhelming barrage of verbosity thrown at the viewer in so many modern films is thankfully absent here.Among the many interesting features of the movie is the use of the flash-forward sequence . Minor characters are given depth by the use of a fast-paced photo montage showing what the future holds for them . It is touches like this , which make this film a cinematic masterpiece and a contemporary classic .
 I loved this movie . But do yourself a favor -- do n't read the other reviews here ! Some of them give away too much ; I saw this movie without knowing anything about it -LRB- the exact recommendation was `` You have to see this movie NOW , and this is now than anything I ever nowed at you before '' -RRB- , and I think that I was more able to enjoy it that way.I 'd also like to comment on the fact that , more than in almost any other foreign movie I 've ever seen , you forget that you 're reading subtitles to the extent that you can almost remember the characters speaking in English afterwards ...
 Run Lola Run is a supercharged , ultra-kinetic roller-coaster ride that twists , turns , and boggles the mind with its remarkable profoundness ! Lola is a shocking redheaded punk with a memorable scream , and the film all starts out with a really frantic phone call from Lola 's boyfriend , Manni . He needs to deliver 100,000 German marks to his mobster boss Ronni in 20 minutes , or he will die a most definite death . From then on , Lola literally races time in three separate scenarios to save Manni 's life , so the movie basically ends three times . Although this movie looks all rock-video , MTV-style from the outside , it actually has a profound message behind its unusual exterior . Plus it 's got one of the most heart-racing soundtracks I 've heard in a long time . This is probably my favorite movie -- next to The Matrix , of course!Rated R , but it does n't deserve to be . It has a few profanities , some violence , and a couple non-explicit discussions about sex . But that 's it . This movie will appeal most to people between the ages of 12 and 25 . It also often looks or sounds too weird for people to be interested in it , or they just scoff at the fact that it 's in German with English subtitles . But you have to look beyond that in order to appreciate this movie . If you rated it less than 5 stars , you only looked at the outside , and in the third scenario , you were just too dizzified or disappointed to really see what finally happened . But you can still believe whatever you want .
 Using the ` Multiple lives ' concept , ` Run Lola Run ' tells the story of Lola , who has 20 minutes to find the money needed to save his boyfriend 's live if he does not pay it . The movie shows 3 alternate realities -LRB- or ` runs ' -RRB- which all start with Lola receiving a phone call from Manni -LRB- his boyfriend -RRB- asking for help , she leaves her house and start running to help him . Each ` run ' while following the same path presents different situations according to Lola 's timing while running with different results each time.The transfer to BD is simply stunning , featuring video 1080p HD/1 :85:1 , the colors are vibrant and Lola 's hair never looked better , the video quality is such that details not noticeable in the DVD can easily be spotted on Bluray . For example , there is a scene where Lola is laying down on a street , in that scene is quite visible that the color of her hair was achieved by coloring over the film as you can see areas of her hair not colored equally . There are also some scenes that were recorded with a grainy filter -LRB- like the scenes at Lola 's father 's office -RRB- . The detail and the grain was not that noticeable in the DVD compared to the rest of the film not using that filter.If you have seen this movie before you should know about how great the soundtrack is and how well it fits with the story being told , well , the German Dolby TrueHD 5.1 track included does justice to the incredible soundtrack . Portuguese and Spanish 5.1 are also included , though even with the small annoyance of subtitles , I rather watch the film in its original language.Same as the DVD counterpart , this release does not include many extras but the movie alone and its excellent transfer are very well worth the upgrade .
 The details of Run Lola Run have been laid out by countless reviews , and since even the unfavorable ones -LRB- very few -RRB- stillseemed to like the movie I chose to rent it , then buy it , thenbuy the CD soundtrack . For a week I 've been stuck in a loop ofwatching the DVD at home , listening to the CD in the car , etc.To make matters worse , I 've been promoting the film to all and sundry.Why all this fuss on my part about a movie with a thin story line and short running time ? Because as pure entertainmentit works ! Like a roller coaster ride that lasts only a short time , the viewing experience stays with you in snippets of music or flashes of video
 That 's really the only word for this film . Energy , action , running.I bought the DVD because I had loved it when it first came out on video -LRB- foreign films do n't usually make it to theaters in my area -RRB- . I loved it again when I watched it after I bought it . Besides Lola being attractive enough to hold your attention while doing all that running , the story never lets you rest.If you have n't seen it , Lola 's -LRB- Franka Potente -RRB- boyfriend , Manni -LRB- Moritz Bleibtreu -RRB- , has just lost a bag of money meant for his mobster boss -LRB- the dope left it on the subway -RRB- so he needs 100,000 marks in the next twenty minutes . It is up to Lola to find the money and get it to him . If she does n't arrive by noon , he is going to rob the nearby grocery store -LRB- which supposedly makes 200,000 marks a day , and so would have 100,000 by noon . -RRB- She mentally goes through everyone she knows and decides on her father , who works at a bank . Her moped was stolen recently , so that 's out . -LRB- She does n't bother to ask anyone to borrow a car , but that 's a small gripe . -RRB- So she runs.And what a runner she is ! -LRB- One wonders how much training she did for this film as she seems barely to break a sweat . She simply shines . -RRB- The story takes the path that , depending on luck , time , and actions , each decision you make leads to a different result . We are shown three possible outcomes of Lola 's trip to her father 's bank and her subsequent run to meet Manni . All three hinge on small changes in how she gets down the stairs of her apartment building . Everything from that point on is different in small enough ways to greatly affect the end result . Changes are even evident in how the action affects the people whose paths she crosses -LRB- we know because we see successions of snapshots depicting their lives after this incident -RRB- . All the while , there is this terrific electronic music playing in the background , not so that it 's annoying , but enough to add to the feel of speed that the film has . -LRB- I also bought the soundtrack and keep it in my CD travel case . -RRB- All in all , a superb film and one that I think anyone interested in avant-garde cinema with a high energy level would enjoy .
 Run Lola Run would have to be one of my all time favourite movies . It is one of the most innovative , and original movies I have ever come across . I could never really tolerate euro-techno until I rented this DVD . The music was composed by talented director/writer Tom Tywker and performed by his leading lady -LRB- on - and off screen -RRB- Franka Potente , who is brilliant and charismatic as Lola . The story is simple
 I bought Run Lola Run on a whim , and instantly became a fan of Franka Potente -LRB- Lola -RRB- and Tom Tykwer -LRB- Director/Writer -RRB- . Lola is an amazing story of just how far we will go , and how hard we will try for those we love . The film is constantly in motion , as Lola has 20 minutes to get 100,000 DM$ or her boyfriend Manny 's life will be in jeopardy . The 81 minute film covers these twenty minutes , and does so in a very interesting way . I became so immersed in the film , that I began to forget the characters were speaking in German . There is also an English dub available , but the German sountrack is superior . The image on the DVD is excellent , and the commentary is also worth a listen . Definitely worth the price of admission .
 I did not expect a 50-year old like me would find this move awesome , but I did . The techo-beat during most of the film kept my body moving in rythym with the beat . The subtle songs in the background by the star -LRB- Franka Potente -RRB- fit perfectly in the scenes in which they were inserted . The best part after watching the DVD three times was the commentary by the director and by Franka Potente . Their insight into the challenges of filming on a tight budget and trying to get permission to film in varous parts of Berlin was entertaining . Best part number 2 was the music video by Franka .
 Run Lola Run is perhaps one of the best films to come out of Germany . The film shows the audiance an endless world of possibilities , coincidence , and irony that can occur as Lola has twenty minutes to find 100,000 Deutsch Marks to save her boyfriend 's life . Three different runs are shown , each with its own unique impact on the life of Lola and the characters who she encounters in the twenty minutes . Although very artisticly done , it can appeal to many audiences with its wonderful mix of humor , drama , and violence . I highly recommend the dvd over video since one has the option to watch the movie in German or English , with -LRB- or without -RRB- English and French subtitles .
 This is one of the freshest films to appear in years.It hit the UK about the same time as Sixth Sense and Blair Witch so that was a great month and now it 's out on DVD.Okay basic Story Lola has 20 minutes to get the money to save her slightly dim boyfriend Manni.Since 20 minutes does n't sound a lot to fill in 90 minutes you 'd be forgiven for thinking it might be a bit slow.Not a bit of it the pace it keeps up is breathless -LRB- not unlike Lola -RRB- and the film oozes class and style from every shot.Amongst the best touches are the snapshot life histories of people Lola bumps -LRB- sometimes literally -RRB- into . In 20 seconds you see the rest of that persons life elivating the extras into charactorsThe main problem I have with this is the English dubbing while fine for Lola and Manni it does n't really work too well on some of the minor charactors , for preference watch it in German with English subtitles if you need them -LRB- I do need them as my German is lousy -RRB- Do n't be fooled if you see the same adverts as I did by the way I saw a review claiming the film has three different endings this does not mean that you are getting anything new from the cinema release it mearly means some wideboy in marketing is chancing his arm.Also on the DVD is the video for the song I believe -LRB- not my favourite from the soundtrack but still worth a listen -RRB- , cast profiles and a directors commentry -LRB- the commentrys a bit weak but what the hell he made a great movie we 'll let him off -RRB-
 I just rented the subtitled version of this movie -LRB- after it was consistently unavailable at my local video store for the past three months -RRB- . Other renters must have been holding it hostage . Absolutely loved it ! Watched it three times back to back . Will definitely buy this gem at first opptortunity . Any die-hard Hollywood moviegoers squeamish of arty , foreign language films will need to get over it if they 're ichin ' to see a first-rate action/adventure movie . And I loved the music as well -LRB- the soundtrack is also a keeper ! -RRB- . The music played an essential role to the story-telling -LRB- especially in the beginning where it sets the frenetic pace -RRB- . I can go on and on about it , but just watch it and see for yourselves . And I strongly recommend the subtitled version . I have n't seen the English dubbed version , but I found that the German version added to the richness of the story 's setting -LRB- at least it did for me -RRB- . Enjoy !
 What difference do our choices make ? What is the role of fate ? Watch this movie and find out!After seeing this movie I had to say , Wow ! Steven Spielberg once said that you can judge a movie 's worthiness by turning the sound off and evaluating it after watching it -LRB- or part of it -RRB- that way . This film passes that test and then some . The plot is not complicated but the way it is presented is thought provoking and riveting . The soundtrack is impressive . The imagery and color are vibrant , crisp , and rich all at the same time . I do n't buy a lot of movies but I immediately purchased this one and the soundtrack on CD as soon as I finished watching the rental DVD.This is the kind of movie that will start popping up in film studies and philosopy classes !
 I saw this film in Amsterdam
 Faves - one of my all time favorite movies . Even subtitled , this is a must have movie . I love the switch off in time frame and added cartoon scenes .
 For not generally being a fan of foreign films with subtitles , this was fantastic . Great perspectives when shooting the film .
 A well done ground hog day type movie . A very well done movie , that keeps up the interest all the way through .
 Loved the acting . I even thought the plot was amazing . The musical score was perfect for this movie . I saw this movie in one of my classes and I was glade I did because it is a great movie . Would recommend this movie to everyone .
 Two lovers are caught in a bad situation to say the least , Manni -LRB- Moritz Blebibtreu -RRB- calls his girlfriend Lola -LRB- Franka Potente , `` Blow '' -RRB- and says he 's gon na be killed by a mob boss if he does n't come up with 100,000 marks very soon -LRB- 20 minutes in fact -RRB- . He begs Lola for help and says if she ca n't help him he 's going to rob a supermarket to get the money to save his life . Panicked and frantic Lola takes off running out of her apartment to help Manni , what follows is 3 different showings of Lola 's sprint to save Manni by getting this money.Each situation shows how little things can either delay or help someone get somewhere faster , like not tripping over someone on a sidewalk , catching a casino at just the right time to gamble and win said money , so okay its more like just a game of chance and with her boyfriends impending death Lola feels the compulsion to do whatever she can to help . Each showing of her run has little differences to it and the first two do n't end well for obvious reason -LRB- what need would there be to show the next one if the first or second one ends with everyone happy -RRB- . Between the pursuits are some drama scenes with Manni and Lola talking that are decent but the film really shines during the running scenes . There 's a pulse-pounding German techno soundtrack during most of the movie which does get the adrenaline pumping and I personally enjoyed looking at Franka as she 's quite stunning and gives a good performance here -LRB- though she would go on to do better movies after this -RRB- . This flick is a perfect example though of style over substance and the 81 minute running time is just right as any more would 've made the experience tiring in my opinion . If it was rated on plot it would n't score much above average , but as a fun and fast film its quite entertaining and thats all this movie could 've hoped to be . *** 1/2 out of 4 stars , simply as a fun experience .
 I rarely give a 5 because I believe there are a few really special movies out there that I should save my 5 's for . This is one such . Lola has 20 minutes to run across town and save her boy friend 's life , oh yea , she has to come up with $ 100,00.00 on the way . She fails , but wait , redo . She starts again , only this time things are a little different , and then again , wow , this was truly fun to watch . I 'm glad I bought the DVD because it 's a lot of fun re-watching each run and trying to spot the differences and their effects . Soundtrack was also great . Watch people watch .
 The pace -LRB- despite the cartoons -RRB- will keep you watching
 I first saw this film in a film class in college and from that point on I knew I had to have it . It probably is n't one of the best films out there , but it is worth the watch . I 'd go over more about the movie , but I 'd end up giving to much away .
 I love this movie I just wanted a copy of it so I could watch it . I 'm glad I own this .
 I saw this movie in my German class , and I thought it was a cool enough movie to buy and own . The DVD did not disappoint
 I must admit that I am the kind of person who NEVER watches foreign films . However , I was convinced by others to watch this movie ... thank goodness for them.This movie , although shorter then most , manages to pack pure excitemnet into almost every second . The basic premise is that Lola has 20 minutes to get some money to save her boyfriend from his mobster boss . What unfolds is pure genius . However , it would be impossible to explain the concept without giving away any of the fun , so I will keep quiet . But I can guarentee that it is nothing like yo have ever seen before and it will keep you on the edge of your seat . The concept and the direction in which the movie goes is fairly ingenious and the combination of the soundtrack and the visuals makes for a fast paced roller coaster ride . Lola is as brilliant as her bright red hair and the turn of events will leave you shocked . Watch this movie , because I liked it so much , I wound up owning it . And trust me , if you like to go clubbing , you will love the music .
 In his brilliantly paced film , Run , Lola , Run , Tom Twyker explores such age-old truisms of life as `` timing is everything , '' `` he got what he had coming to him '' , `` I wish I had it all to do over again , '' and `` she 'll do anything for love . '' Twyker is also fascinated with point of view , showing us -LRB- the audience -RRB- relationships between characters that do n't even know each other . Does this film sound too thought-provoking , too heavy for you ? Twyker uses montage , editing , and rapid-paced shot selection to create a technician 's paradise . This is the film for you if you like an action flick as well as something that will stimulate your gray cells . Truly a brilliant director-based film in an era of cotton candy fluff product movies .
 Visuallu brilliant , excellent story perfectly cast nuff said.we love this movie in manchester
 When I heard about this movie , I was skeptical because I 'm not into foreign flicks and am not too crazy about reading subtitles either . When I started watching it , I was so into it ! It took so many turns with the 3 different scenarios going on in this one situation . I recommend this to just about anyone who likes unpredictable movies !
 OK kids , if you have n't heard of this film , you must have been either living under a rock or deployed to some forsaken land . Run Lola Run aka Lola Rennt is in three parts , each following a similar trend , but with different culminations . The lead role , Lola , spends the film trying to get money owed to the German mob to her boyfriend , but she runs -LRB- literally -RRB- into problems the whole way . This is why the film is in three parts - each part is a `` do-over '' of the previous part . If only real life was like this ! As a neat bonus , whenever she passes folks up on the street , small glimpses into their future are shown through Polaroid snapshots . Run Lola Run is certainly one of the better films out of Germany lately . The included music video is pretty cool as well . Do n't pass it up .
 This was a weird movie . It kept me on my toes at every point of the movie . There was a lot of action ; the musical score went great with the theme of the movie . Never did any one of us who saw the movie know what was going to happen next . It maintained a great element of surprise . The ending , no I am not going to give it away , carries a lot of symbolical , philosophical , and anthropological meaning as well . What was also interesting about this movie is that it had an implicit sense of comedy . All of us who watched it could not stop laughing .
 Few foreign movies that I have seen even come close to a movie such as this masterpiece . Das Boot-Director 's Cut was my fave until now . I ca n't believe that I found the DVD in our video rental store . The DVD is perfect for my wife and me , as I can speak and understand German , while my wife , being an American , does not . I got to watch it in German and then again in English . I must say the German language version sounds much better , but it 's still quite interesting in English . I loved how they portrayed a woman -LRB- Lola -RRB- as a sort of `` Sorcerer '' type person who could change events until they worked out for her . Awesome film ... I would have given the Lola L&auml;uft a higher than 5 star Rating , but ...
 From all the other reviews , you 'll see this is an exiting slice of Euro Cinema . It 's clever , funny and moving , and it 's use of photographs to show the future of various minor characters is like nothing I 've seen before.What I would recommend though is you watch it with the subtitles activated rather than listen to the terrible english dubbing . The voice actors are particularly wooden and you lose something of the characters ' appeal in listening to them . I know subtitles can be a pain but it 's worth the effort to hear Lola 's real voice , when she is n't running that is !
 Great Movie and Great Techno Soundtrack . If you like movies like MATRIX you 'll will like this one .
 i bought this just based on other reviews here and i 'm really glad i did . this is definately one of the most original movies i 've seen . what really shines in this movie is not the plot , but the way the plot is told . truly amazing . this shows how things can be so much different with so little happening . last but not least , it 's visually stunning
 Definitely one of the most innovative movies I have seen recently , and this DVD edition really gives you the special features that you want . This movie will always have you asking `` What next ! ''
 A great movie , fast , moving , totally capturing . It makes you think , it makes you dance , it makes your heart beat faster , and most important of all it makes you realize how important `` a second '' of lifetime can be and how it can change everything .
 I loved this movie ! Not only was I fascinated with Lola 's hair , but this movie was captivating . A fresh , simple story line with a pulsing soundtrack -LRB- in which the director and Franka sing -RRB- make this movie one of the most exciting I 've seen in a long time .
 The focus of this brief window into the lives of Lola and Manni was not the situation that they found themselves in , but how the effect of each instant of our existance can impact the rest of our lives . Through miniscule changes in timing , we witnessed a domino effect that ended each vignette drastically different . Have you ever narrowly missed being in a car crash ? What if you had dropped your keys getting into the car , adding several seconds that would eventually cause your course to parallel anothers and converge in an auto accident . In the film , we see snap shots of others lives as Lola runs past , the kid on the bike crashes , meets a nurse , they marry , they live happily ever after . Another vignettte , he does n't crash , and winds up a junkie . In my humble opinion this is the best movie I have ever seen that was able to illustrate how each day our smallest deterances and decisions and those of others , can re-route the course of things and ultimately change the course of our lives .
 I thought this was a terriffic movie , the techno soundtrack really adds to the cutting edge , urban feel of the movie . I liked the way the movie used a pastiche of animation , abstract film and realism . This movie keeps you on the edge of your seat throughout , and buying this movie not having seen it first , I am very happy with the purchase I made , this is one of the best German movies in years and rates up with Das Boot . If you havent already , see it now .
 Will my future change because of this one second I stopped to look at this dress in the window ? Will I alter other peoples ' lifes by bumping into them ? - You have never asked yourself those questions ? Well , you certainly will after seeing this movie . ` Run Lola Run ' , a German movie , is fantastically made and keeps your heart beating rapidly down to the last second of it . Lola 's boyfriend got into trouble . And now Lola has 20 minutes to get 100,000 German Marks . The phone hits the floor and Lola starts running ... Americans , who are usually not very fond of foreign movies , should not let the ` dubbed ' stop them . Dare to watch it and a race is waiting for you . Tom Tykwer created a 90 minute video clip . Fast , unstopable , exciting . And the one minute you spent thinking about getting this movie will change your life .
 In the year of the Matrix . This movie was my best of the year . Fresh and very kinetic .
 I saw this movie in the theater three times . It is my absolute favorite movie . Every aspect , from the `` and then '' shots to the main character herself , make this movie outstanding . You will never forget this masterpiece .
 I mean , it 's bloody amazing -- there is absolutely NOTHING to this film , yet it somehow manages to be utterly compelling . Almost the entire film consists of Lola , um , running . Indeed , the few less-frenetic scenes really do little more than get in the way . But for the most part it 's pure action , and it works . And this from someone who , as a rule , finds action films insufferably tedious . The direction is indeed to be commended for so rarely letting up . The soundtrack 's perfectly done also -- and this from someone who , as a rule , violently dislikes industrial techno . I get the impression that if anything had been done even slightly wrong , the entire film would have fallen apart -- but nothing IS , really . As I said , it really does n't have a helluva lot of substance , but it sure is a rush to watch .
 Run Lola Run -LRB- Lola Rennt -RRB- is one of the best European Alternative films to come out of the past decade . Directed and written by the great Tom Tykwer and starring Franka Potente -LRB- born exactly 10 years after me -RRB- this film starts out with a clock . You sense you are about to go on a time trip , and soon you 're in the race against time . Incredible avant-garde cinematography mixed perfectly with cartoon animation focuses on Lola , a red-haired high energy time vortex . She has 20 minutes to come up with 100,000 marks all in the name of love . If things dont go quite right it 's okay , because here alternate reality comes into play ala the great Polish film Blind Chance -LRB- Przypadek by Kieslowski -RRB- . Profound questions are asked , and the film puts forth the idea that a butterfly -LRB- Lola -RRB- flapping its wings in Japan will effect American weather . The quantum pure spontaneity of conscious decisions effect events at every Lola turn.A great soundtrack drives it all and the whole film fits together perfectly . A rare avant-garde success which is similar to and every equal of Aronofsky 's Pi in significance . Also captures the Berlin -LRB- I think that 's where it is -RRB- atmosphere great ; city chaos and freedom . You must have a taste for the underground European avant-garde to really appreciate this .
 This is one of the most original movies I have seen in quite some time . The idea of showing 3 different versions of what could have happened is very creative . Somewhat like `` Sliding Doors '' in that respect , it explores the notion that if something had happened just a little bit differently , everything following could have turned out a completely different way . The performances are very good , the filming style is great , the plot and all its twists are completely original , and the rapid-fire pacing ensures that you 'll never get bored . Thoroughly entertaining and recommended !
 An amazing movie , not as fast and furious as people would have you believe , but breathtaking and suspenseful . Franka Potente is absolutely hypnotizing as Lola and the overall feel of the movie is romantic and fun . The dvd includes some fun extras , like Franka Potente 's music video ' I Believe ' and audio commentary by Franka and the director . Although translation is cumbersome sometimes , I would definately recommend the subtitled version over the dubbed -LRB- both are included on the dvd -RRB- . In a word , astounding !
 Not a single complaint . This movie was great . I do n't want to spoil it for anyone , but the idea for the format of the movie was just plain FUN . The camera work was great . I ca n't say enough . Usually , I 'm not fond of subtitled movies , but I really liked this one . Run out to get it NOW ! You ca n't miss this movie ! It just would n't be right .
 `` Run Lola Run '' is fast-paced , suspenseful , and exciting . I went to my local indie theater to see it because I wanted to see how much my German improved , not expecting I 'd be absolutely blown away by a fabulous film . Even the two friends I dragged along to the theater -LRB- who do n't speak German -RRB- loved it .
 I loved the movie , largely due to the incredible music . This is a movie to own because you can sit down and watch as a regular movie or you can play it on your DVD and watch casually , similar to watching MTV -LRB- when it actually plays videos -RRB- , and enjoy the great music accompanied by the interesting visuals .
 This was one of the best movies I have seen in years . It was fast pace and very entertaining . I really enjoy the `` ending . '' The lead character Lola is awesome she is tough and also very feminine at the same time . I would highly recommend this film .
 Run Lola Run was a wonderful movie . It has all the elements that make a summer blockbuster movie -LRB- adrenaline pumping tempo , awesome music - i bought the soundtrack too - and flat out kick butt camera angles -RRB- with elements of an intellectual film -LRB- philisophical interludes , underlying themes -RRB- . Whichever movie style you are looking for when you watch it , you will find it . If you 're looking for action , that 's what you 'll find . If you 're looking for the philosophy on destiny , however , you 'll find that . The movie flat out rocks !
 There are very few films that become instant cult classics such as Godard 's 1960 Breathless and the less-than-brilliant Pulp Fiction by Tarantino . Run Lola Run in many aspects tops both these movies in its ability to take an incredibly simple plot and turn it into an exgtravaganza of motion , sound and film-making showmanship that redefines filmography and becomes a genre of its own.Run Lola Run is a brilliant combination of a very talented cast , extremely creative writing and masterful video and sound editing , which results in one of the greatest masterpieces in modern moviemaking history . I am not getting carried away!Although the movie is sparse with words , it does an incredible job at providing a unique perspective into the characters lives , sometimes with a single sentence or even just a sequence of camera snapshots : Lola 's mother 's only sentence in the movie while holding a glass of wine , talking on the phone from home
 To the beat of an incessant techno/deephouse soundtrack , Lola runs , and then runs some more . I could n't possibly think of another movie with such sheer cinematic buzz , it 's cut like an MTV video
 I watched the version that is not dubbed . I know many people who refuse to watch foreign films if they 're not dubbed in English but this is such a huge mistake . One reviewer for this movie said `` he did n't speak Kraut '' and that he fell asleep . I find it hard to believe anyone could fall asleep with this film . Not only is the action non-stop , but the main character is such a good actress , as well as extremely attractive that only someone with an extrememly limited attention span could fall asleep on this one . Great story , original idea , cinematography , etc. . If you 've shied away from foreign films thinking that it 's too hard to read subtitles , try this one . You 'll find after awhile that you do n't realize you 're reading them at all .
 What a great movie ? I 've loved it since the first time I saw it ... eight years ago or so . The sound track gets repepetitive at times . . but it 's still a wonderful film .
 just incredible ... The acting , directing , and pacing are all perfect ! Watching this with the volume up is a surreal experience.Buy it ! ; -RRB-
 This is an amazing movie . Originally called Lola Rennt in German , it is a neat view as to what can happen in a day if different scenarios were to take place . I highly recommend it and enjoy watching it again and again .
 This is a great movie . It is best viewed in German with -LRB- or if you can without -RRB- the English subtitles ; if you watch to listen to the English audio the movie is less intense and less enjoyable .
 This DVD has been reviewed nearly 500 times so there 's not too much that you can say that has n't been said . One repeating theme is the movie 's comparison to the `` investment projects '' of Hollywood . That Hollywood has the best technique , stars , cinematography , $ s , and gimmicks is all true . What it often does n't have is that sense of taking a chance . Lola does.The presence of a basic problem , lovers on a downward spiral , need not be examined . The consequences of THE ACT is ignored and in its place is the examination of the details of the turns and twists we make each day which brings us to THE ACT.We probably can not alter what has happened , Tykwer theorizes . But what occurs to Lola and Manni is perhaps a lesson for the future . How small changes , doing small things differently can impact the result drastically . The ` inadvertant ripple in the pond theory . ' I found it to be a smart movie , smarter than most created on the West Coast , provocative , out of the box , with an eye towards embracing ` the what if we make just one change ' question . It 's no wonder it has become an international cult film with an enormous truly diverse following . 5 stars . Larry Scantlebury
 I saw this German movie almost two years ago . However , I can remember this movie clearly , because it really impressed me . It is very philosophical and also exciting movie . Moreover , it is only 80 minutes movie , but I assure you will be fluttered through the entire movie.To sum up this movie simply , heroine Lola have to arrange a hundred thousand dollars in order to save her boy-friend Monni and she manage to arrange it . Monni had to deliver a bag with 100 thousand dollars to the boss of the gangster , but he left it to a train and a homeless man took it away . If they fail to deliver the money , he is likely to be killed by the gangster ... From the beginning , as title goes , she is running and running.The movie is made of three short scenarios . They are slightly different with each other at the beginning , but the difference become larger and larger as the scenario proceeds . So the scenarios end up very differently at the end . The style of the movie is fresh and its basic concept is nice . Smaller changes become bigger changes . It is not so special when we see it as words , but I think you will be surprised by this concept in the movie . To people who dissatisfy with the movie of just acrobatic action and seek for philosophical implication , I recommend this movie !
 ` Run Lola Run ' is not only entertaining , but also brings up questions about our current assumption that time is linear , that what we do stays in the past.After the three scenes depicting the butterfly effect , I was left to wonder , what if time really is circular ? What if the things that we do today have a dramatic impact on someone else 's tomorrow ? Can there be multiple realities ocurring at one time , and when coinciding resulting in a form of de ja vu ? ` Run Lola Run ' was very interesting , and is a great movie if you 're in a philosophical mood !
 The beginning of Run Lola Run has a narrator stating how countless questions result in answers which in turn gives rise to other questions , and so on , in a chain of answers followed by questions . `` But in the end , is n't it always the same question , and always the same answer ? '' The main question might be , will anything I do differently have any consequences ? Or why did this happen?Lola 's boyfriend Manni has just botched a drug deal , losing 100,000 marks . He has to turn over the money to his connection , a nasty and forbidding bald guy , who will kill him in twenty minutes if he does n't deliver the goods . Lola , calm , usually on time , and loyal as ever , does what she can to help out her man , who increasingly desperate as time runs out , considers holding up the local supermarket to get the money . She 's running a race against time , encountering all sorts of people , including a bicycle courier , a Mr. Meyer who 's a colleague of her father , and her father , a humorless , ice-in-his-veins banker who 's carrying on with one of his female colleagues , who is pregnant.This portrays three different scenarios of Lola running to save Manni , and demonstrates how one small action or variation can have enormous consequences on other people . An example is the blonde woman walking with the baby carriage . Each time she responds differently to Lola dashing by her . We then see in a series of quick still photo montages what would later happen to her . In one version , she ends up injured from an attack ; in another , she ends up winning the lottery . Another is how long the conversation between Lola 's father and his lover has progressed before Lola bursts in on them , asking her father for money . Each time , the outcome is different , affecting her father 's attitude to her and what Lola does.Another interesting aspect is Lola 's piercing glass-shattering scream , which becomes the emanation of her desperation , whether it to be telling her boyfriend to shut up so he can calm down , or her anger at her father refusing to help her.Franka Potente 's Lola really lifts the film up , her bright vermilion hair , cyan tank top , and blue jeans nearly mirroring the primary colours of light . She gives credibility in a character who is so much more with it than her boyfriend , whose over-reliance on her makes him incompetent , pathetic , and lacking direction.Director Tom Tykwer must have been influenced by music videos as the swift jump cuts in scenes , nothing that requires a bottle of Dramamine by the TV set , mind you , as the pulsing techno score , matching Lola 's frantic running , attest to . An interesting piece of cinema from Germany , great in style and structure .
 From the opening credits where a swinging pendulum sets the pace , we hear a clock ticking , the beat of the music starts , and this movie never stops with its frenetic and frantic pace . It 's a visual cacophony of different and exciting images that run at you around every corner to build in your brain faster and faster until the end of the movie . Phew . Then your heart is still racing from the experience and you want to see it again.Run Lola Run is three films in one , yet , it 's the same film time and time again , but it 's vastly different that only the characters are the same . The story hit 's you repeatedly and builds without repetition . Like each time Lola runs past a person in the street , you learn something new , sometimes funny and perhaps quirky about that person , and all within a few seconds , so by the end of the film it has been a complete encounter.She is running to stop her boy friend from committing a crime . I 'm sure I lost pounds just watching this girl run . She 's beautiful and compelling . She 's also hip and fit with red hair flying in the wind , a tight blue top revels a white bra underneath and her tight green pants flair at the bottom over black boots , definitely not running shoes.This is a film like no other . It 's so original that I would recommend it to literally anybody who is willing to suspend his or her belief in a liner world.Run Lola Run is in German with subtitles but you hardly need to read much dialogue before the images tell the story for you .
 Run Lola run is a movie full of startling movements of camera , bright cinematogrophy and a wonderful soundtrack to follow it all up . This director has surely made his mark on the American movie scene with a new and highly different movie . There are three episodes , all different scenarios of fate . Very worth watching , very worthy of all the great reviews it has gotten . This director has done a new movie , `` Winter Sleepers '' which is also wonderful .
 Get the German Version with the English Subtitles . Yes , the techo music gets annoying but it 's a really good movie . You 'll see lots of recurring themes of this in the near future . How everything you do , regardless of how small , has some impact on the rest of the world . There 's a show on the Discovery channel called Connections with James Burke that details how everything is related to everything else . Yet it all appears to be a big mess of chaos . It 's beautiful in it 's insanity .
 Its a great movie but get the US DVD . I just bougth the Canadian Version do n't make the same mistakeThe Canadian Version only has the Full Screen Version , No Dolby5 .1 only 2 channel , No english dubbing - not an issue for me , No Commentary.It does have one more music video `` Wish '' and French Dubbing but not even french subtitles . Identify it by its different Cover
 The most frenetic and energized movie since `` Pulp Fiction . '' Tom Tykwer 's German import features a potent Franka Potente as Lola , a young woman with 20 minutes to come up with big money to save her boyfriend 's life . The film , a technical marvel , spins this tale in real-time three times over , with slight plot alterations resulting in drastically different conclusions each time . `` Run Lola Run '' may signal the future of renegade action cinema , as shocking and unmissable as Lola 's fire-red hair .
 The theme of this movie is primarily philosophical . Do n't be put off , it is n't at all hard to understand and its far from boring . The idea is like the butterfly effect . One miniscule change will gernerally lead to huge differences . This may remind you of `` Sliding Doors '' , a movie which took the same theme and portrayed it in a very different way which I found rather disapointing.The other theme is the techno music and action -LRB- running -RRB- which makes this come off a bit like a music video . I found the music very good and the vocals complemented it nicely . The important thing is how well it works with the visual imagery and I found it did that very well . In fact , if I had a treadmill I 'd buy the soundtrack to this movie and run to it . Someone told me the actress who played Lola and the director wrote and sang all the music together . I ca n't confirm this , its just something I heard . If so , wow . Muchos kudos and afterlife points to them.The final theme is the plot , which keeps you interested . Its a simple plot . Lola must come up with 100 thousand marks and get it to her boyfriend in 20 minutes.While it would seem action techno and philosophy are quite different , they are put together with amazing success in this film from Germany . I recommend this movie to people who like unique , thought provoking , fun filled movies.Oh one final warning
 Tom Tykwer 's `` Run Lola Run '' is an extremely exciting , entertaining film to watch . I first saw the film 7 years ago , and it 's now a lot of fun to re-watch it and see how much of the German I can understand . This film stands out not only as a great foreign film , but as an excellent action/adventure film as well . If you have any friends that you want to introduce to foreign films , this would be a great one for them to start with , even if they are a little resistant to the idea of reading a film . Besides the brilliant and highly athletic performance from Franka Potente , who has since gone one to make many well-known films in the U.S. , `` Run Lola Run '' also boasts excellent editing , a great visual style and of course , a really catchy German techno soundtrack . I just read a review on here that suggested there should be an American version made , and I 'm all for that , if it 's done well . I would agree with having Scarlett Johansen play Lola , too . I 've made `` Run Lola Run '' part of my personal DVD collection , and you would be wise to make it part of yours as well .
 ... Run Lola Run is an AMAZING movie - amazing ! It virtually embodies the metaphysical concept of `` eternal recurrence '' within the SAME ONE LIFETIME , and within the same 20 minutes of time OF that SAME ONE LIFETIME ! ... Whew ! ... INTENSE is an understatement ! ... I wonder if the creators of this film ever studied the writings of Gurdjieff , Ouspensky , Orage , or John Godolphin Bennett - because it is right out of the `` eternal return '' concept that is talked about by people involved in `` 4TH Way Work '' . The mythic and archetypal meanings hit you right in the face
 I have seen this movie at 3 times now and I am not tired of it yet . I enjoy foreign films and alternative camera work . I especially liked the snapshots depicting the `` and then '' lives of the passerbys that Lola encounters . The fact that this film is in German should not be a deterrent in any way from viewing it . Most of the action is universal in any language and dubbing is frankly very annoying . You do n't want anything to distract you from the great soundtrack either which is also worth a buy .
 ... is awsome ! If you liked the `` Matrix '' you love this movie . The soundtrack is just as good too !
 The most exciting , pulse pounding , loud and thrilling movie I have ever seen ... i rented it , luved it and bought it on dvd ... perfect film ...
 Run Lola Run A Review by Ashley McBrideIn this film , Lola is a very un-stereotypical heroine who undergoes three nearly identical episodes in which to save her lover Manny from his mob boss.The character of Lola critiques the Hollywood mainstream heroine in many ways . She is not a contrived Hollywood beauty . She has bright orange/red hair and punk clothing which offer a disassociative affect for the viewer , allowing them to critique the mainstream heroine and the priorities of Hollywood to alter her into a commodity rather than a true hero . She also has superhuman ability , first to alter outcomes -LRB- chaos theory -RRB- and second , to see into the future -LRB- snapshots -RRB- . This also offers the viewer a chance to disassociate with her because she is unlike the viewer ; though she seems real , is she ? She is saving he . This is a main point because this allows the viewer to critique the `` damsel in distress '' role that females normally play . Lola takes control . This is prevalent especially when the exact translation of the German title is given `` Lola Runs . '' This title more accurately portrays Lola in control-a genuine hero who is motivated to succeed so much so that she risks her life in three episodes / tries . Lola remains a hero the whole way through the film , unlike most mainstream Hollywood heroines . Though she is unable to help Manny -LRB- because he ends up helping himself -RRB- she still gets there on time with the money retrieved -LRB- in a legitimate manner -RRB- in the last episode . She tried , tried again , and then succeeded-which makes her the hero of the story.The cinematic effects of camera angle , cartooning , and electronic weaving all serve to disassociate the viewer from the film , in order to step back and critique it . This film is fun because it challenges society to co-produce instead of just take in a film.Lola is objectified throughout the film , but not in a Hollywood manner . She is usually shown as an entire woman-not as fragments of one -LRB- Lola is not a breast , a leg , etc. -RRB- . Lola is the object of the panoptical gaze , but is unaffected in her cause . She runs not because she is told to and is being watched to ensure that she does , but runs because she wills herself to do so , and takes no care in anyone watching . This is proven when she robs a bank -LRB- laws do not matter -RRB- and goes into the casino with casual clothes -LRB- appearances do not matter -RRB- . Thus Lola breaks the objectification by the panopticon set by institutions because she could care less that they exist . Even when her father tells her she does not look good she is unaffected in her cause and ignores the comment . This is just another way Lola as a hero breaks Hollywood mainstream heroines who care very much in rules and appearances and therefore are affected by the way in which they are being watched.Lola Runs !
 The main formula for Run Lola Run is `` Time is Money . '' Time is arbitrary in the same way that space is - it means nothing if you do n't put anything in it . In this film , the viewers are confronted with a `` heroine '' that when not satisfied with the outcome , chooses to `` do-over '' her life , or only 20 minutes of her life . Lola is not the typical Hollywood heroin , always looking prim and proper ; she gives off the more realistic side when confronted with an intense situation . Lola shows that the smallest decision can change everything from then on . Throughout the film , she takes on the so-called masculine role and takes action rather than crying and waiting for someone else to take charge . But when those 20 minutes are up , it seems as though her female lead crumbles and she once again takes the feminine role in the relationship . It seems questionable that her heroic attributes are only due to the framing and digital weaving of the film rather than the actual character . Overall , it was interesting to see a different side of femininity and the effects in which it had on the viewers .
 In Tom Tykwer 's film , Run Lola Run , we are confronted with a main character that struggles to find her place between the two distinctions of feminist and feminine . The film , which is segmented into three different scenarios , starts off by portraying Lola as a female hero . She breaks the stereotypes , and does not reflect the Hollywood ideal of a female heroine . Her clothes are ragged , her hair is a mess , and worst of all , she does not glisten but actually sweats . The Hollywood heroine , on the other hand , would be wearing high heels in all of the fight scenes , never break a sweat , and always be sexy and perfectly put together . The cinematic gaze , as refered to by film theorist , John Berger , depicts her as a super human action hero . She can see the future , run far distances in almost no time , and she has the power to change certain events in time . The cinematic gaze is usually used to objectify women . In Run Lola Run , however , it is used to set Lola apart , and show what a woman can be capable of . Tykwer 's progressive feminist representation of Lola falls prey to stereotypical femininity in the last scenario . Mani , her small time crook of a boyfriend , whose life she is trying to save , comes through in the clutch . He does not even think of what Lola has gone through in an attempt to help him . Tywker ends the film with the man saving the day . This strays from his critique of `` the Hollywood heroine '' that had been a blaring message in the first two scenarios . All of Lola 's efforts have been trivialized and she is shown as powerless and speechless . Mani acts as if he had the entire situation under control the entire time , and reduces Lola 's role to that of merely a supportive and concerned girlfriend . The film ends with a segmented shot of Mani and Lola 's interlocked hands . This is a perfect example of Foucault 's idea of the micro physics of power . Ingeborg Majer O'Sickey includes this idea in her discussion of Barbie Magazine . It refers to the manner in which a body can be fragmented into discrete parts in order to display power . In this last scene in Run Lola Run , the fragmented shot of their clasped hands , turns Lola into a powerless and submissive girlfriend . She no longer is able to be defined independently . Mani does not need her , he simply has her a a trophy to be displayed . This movie shows us that as far as we think we are progressing as an equal society whith women who are respected , we have a lot of work to do .
 Run Lola Run is an interesting film about a girl and her boyfriend and their struggles to survive the most grueling twenty minutes of their lives . Manni , the boyfriend , somehow forgot 100,000 marks on a subway train and is in a lot of trouble unless Lola shows up with 100,000 marks to pay off the men Manni was supposed to meet . The movie plot is based around the chaos effect , which is the idea that every action one makes effects the lives of everyone else . The twenty minutes is shown in 3 different ways because each time it is restarted , Lola takes different paths in order to get Manni the money that he needs to stay alive.In a way , Lola is a panopticon during her struggle to find Manni 's money . Manni is always watching over Lola , making sure that she gets to him on time . Lola knows this and will take any measure possible in order to get the 100,000 marks to Manni on time . Whether she has to lie , cheat , or steal , she will get the money . She acts under pressure and runs everywhere she goes just to keep Manni safe . Manni is depending on Lola to be the hero of the day and show up with what he needs.Lola plays the role of the strong independent woman during the movie . Manni is helplessly waiting for Lola to show up with the money . Lola shows her strengths by not being afraid to do anything in order to save the day . She 'll rob her father 's bank , she 'll help rob a grocery store , and she 'll take big risks in a casino just to save Manni . The story is played out three times in three different ways because of the chaos factor . Sadly , the movie ends with Manni saving himself because he finds the money himself . Lola is once again the stereotypical dependent woman . She struggles so much to get Manni the money he needs , but it turns out that he never needed her help at all . She accepts this fact and walks off with him as if nothing happened to her during the 20 minute struggle .
 Phone call from her boyfriend - he needs 100,000 marks in 20 minutes -LRB- because he lost it -RRB- . They argue , but bottom line , she 's going to help him . From the second Lola throws down the phone the clock is ticking.The theory of this movie seems to be based on that everything we do -LRB- or do n't do -RRB- , every action effects someone . For good or bad . If she 's a minute later - 30 seconds earlier - whatever - there is a different outcome . People that she runs into on the street - a pause in their actions ... it changes their fate.She goes thru the day 3x . Different days for everyone.The way it 's shot is somewhat different and reminds me vaguely of QTarantino 's Kill Bill flicks . Just the openness of it - structually - not so much the dialogue.All in all a good movie .
 Another of my favorite movies , Run Lola Run -LRB- or , `` Lola Rennt '' in German -RRB- has all the right stuff
 Run Lola Run is one of my all time favorite movies ever ! The imagery , music and story all fit together so well . I would deffinately recomend this movie to anyone thinking of buying or even renting it .
 Excellent ! A must buy for all you movie gors out there . Why is it so great ? The story is pretty plainly written , but the innovation truly makes it a must see movie . If i could rate higher than five , i would .
 Yeah , its a foreign movie , but dont let that fool you . It was a good movie . Very different too .
 An exhilarating fast-paced action movie from start to finish . This movie has excellent cinematography with a story that is as strong as the filming and the acting.Lola receives a phone call from her wanna-be crook boyfriend , Manni . He complains to her that because she was late from picking him up , he mistakenly lost 100,000 deutsche marks meant to be given to Ronni , a big-time crook . If Ronni does not receive his 100,000 deutche marks within 20 minutes , he will kill Manni . This phone call starts this movie on an action-packed , fast-paced movie where Lola tries to get his money and catch up with Manni before it is too late.Tom Tykwer does an excellent job at showing us what cause and effect really means . He shows Lola bumping into people on her way to Manni , and how life for that individual turns out with a show of photographs.There is even an animation part where Lola 's mother is talking on the phone while her television is on , and on the TV is an animated Lola running down the stairs of their apartment to get outside , as she is actually doing it.Tom Tykwer keeps you visually stimulated , as well as audibly intrigued with the background tech music.The acting by Franka Potente is great . She actively portrays a girlfriend distressed that her boyfriend may be killed , yet determined to do what she can to prevent this . Franka Potente has recently been seen in an American blockbuster , The Bourne Identity with Matt Damon.Moritz Bleibtreu also does a great job being a not-too-smart crook . He does a great job portraying how desperate his character is when he calls Lola.This movie is pretty interesting , as the movie is the whole 20 minutes it takes for Lola to try to figure out how to come up with that kind of money , as well as the obstacles she encounters along the way . So , as you may wonder , as I did , how can a feature-length movie drag 20 minutes out to be so long ? Well , the first time through ... yes , you read that right , the ending is not what Lola wanted , so the movie starts over again , and this time when she encounters her obstacles , she handles them differently , until the next outcome happens . In the end , we see her try three times to get to Manni in time.This IS a must-see movie . It is one of the best movies out at this time , and you will want to see this , as you know Hollywood will be doing a re-make on this in the future !
 Luckily I caught this one on IFC today . I think I 'll buy the DVD . One fun ride from beginning to end , end , end . Run Lola reminds me of Magnolia but without the religious baggage . Lola offers what the disappointing Magnolia failed to provide . Magnolia 's problems were many among which were length , superfluous dialogue , and characters for whom I felt no sympathy . Lola , however , minimizes dialogue yet you are compelled to sympathize , and even root for , the otherwise despicable protagonists and the average bystanders whose time critical paths cross randomly . What if you hit the snooze button on your alarm just one more or one less time tomorrow morning ? What will happen ... or not ? Will it be a joyous or fatal decision ? Every moment is fleeting and life really is a roll on the roulette table , so enjoy it to the fullest . Take note Hollywood . Great filmmaking has nothing to do with big budgets . It starts with the script .
 I saw this film twice at the theater , a real rarity for me . I bought two copies of the DVD , -LRB- one for me and one for some family -RRB- . I have seen all the tracks , specials , trailers , and commentary . I love this film . I even prefer the German version with English sub-titles . This is great film-making that does n't take itself too seriously . The only gripe is the English dubbed soundtrack lacks emotion and intensity . The music is excellent ! The actors are great ! I feel like I took a trip to Germany for the small cost of the DVD . The two lead actors make this film . The director 's techniques pack alot of information into a few frames . On a scale of 1-10 it is definitely a 10 !
 I never seen this Film until Last NightThere are a Number of Things that Blow my mind about thisVery Unique Must See FilmFor one it was made in 1998 You can not tell everything about this film is So Bright , Slick and Screams Now.This Film is Solid Proof A Movie can go Beyond a Movie and Be True Art -LRB- You 'd think it was made maybe a year ago -RRB- Director/Writer Tom Tykwer is awesomeIt was made with a small 2million dollar Budget u ca n't tell!This Film does so much with so little it 's nothing sort than amazing ! Everyone involved put so much of there heart and soul into getting this Film made and put outIt 's so worthy to be a Cult Film!The Actors are Perfectly CastFranka Potente as Lola steels the Film -LRB- I wish her major Success and happiness -RRB- She really has that `` IT '' Factor that so many young American Actress do n't have these days!The soundtrack is also stunning it serves a major part of the Moving/Pacing of the film!The Best way to try 2 explain the Plot is SimpleTake The grittiness `` Real '' Feel of A Film like Reservoir Dogs mix it with Groundhog Day/Sliding Doors & Romeo and Julietand you 'll have Run Lola RunIt 's one of those Films That can evoke so many emotionsAnd you 'll watch it again and againI never saw this film on any other Format -LRB- LD , Vhs , DVD -RRB- But , as far as a HD Transfer it 's Great . Good Bright Colors , Plenty of Detail ... . In the Still Running 10Year Feature u do see SD Clips from the film those snippets will give u a Idea how good the HD transfer is!Without a Doubt a True Buried Treasure and a Must Own for any Film Collector who want the Best Print Version to DateI Highly recommend this BR 9.8 / 10
 The proof of a good movie is how long it remains in your thoughts . I 've thought of Lola Run ever since seeing it for the first time , in 1998 . It 's my favorite movie in the world . I 've watched it at least ten times . It convincingly proves that every action you take creates a ripple effect which affects the whole world . For the past ten years , every time something important happens to me I tell myself , That was a Lola moment . Lola runs past people on the street , and the director shows how her passing affects their lives differently -LRB- according to whether it 's at 12:00 , 12:01 , or 12:02 -RRB- by a quick-pace series of photographs of their lives , after this brief encounter . So owning this movie is a must because you 'll want to keep replaying the quick series of photographs which show their possible futures , depending on the time of day she brushes past them . Simply amazing . Brilliant acting and incredible filming . Great music and cartoony special effects . People rave about the Butterfly Effect and Sliding Doors but these two do n't come close .
 I first saw this movie when I lived in Germany with the US Army . The US release on DVd includes an english version , but really , I think its best with the subtitles . You may recognize the girl as `` Jason Bourne -LRB- Markie Mark -RRB- 's '' girlfriend from The Bourne movies.What makes this movie great , in my opinion , is how they use their obviously small budget to its greatest end , and it manages to successfully ask the question `` how do the choices I make influence or impact those around me `` If you like unconventional movies , you will really enjoy this one .
 ` Run Lola Run ' is like ` Groundhog Day ' on speed , with maybe a hit of ` Kill Bill , Vol . 1 ' in there for good measure . It follows Lola -LRB- Potente -RRB- as she races to get 100,000 deutschemarks for her boyfriend Manni -LRB- Bleibtreu -RRB- who is in debt to a seedy gangster with no patience or mercy . She has twenty minutes to do so and what makes this film unique is that it is very time conscious . Tom Tykwer accurately takes twenty minutes -LRB- or VERY close to -RRB- with each of Lola 's attempts to save her boyfriend.Lola 's first attempt is to ask her father , a bank manager , for the money . This goes horribly wrong and Lola is forced to take another route . She makes a few attempts , and each one explores cause and affect in a strange way , showing the outcomes of everyone involved and all whom Lola interacts with until the film ends unexpectedly.The camera style here is great , fast paced and edgy , and it keeps you glued to the screen until the credits begin to roll . I was also very impressed with the acting on the parts of the two leads , Franka Potente in particular who embraced her character with pure panic and conveyed a very convincing and realistic portrayal of a woman fighting for the life of her lover . I have n't seen too many foreign films but after this one I 'm surely going to give them a try .
 RUN LOLA RUN is one of those films that actually delivers what it promises . In this case , a heart-pumping , action-filled flick with an excellent soundtrack , and plenty of artistic weirdness to boot.Clocking in at a mere 80 minutes , this German-made film is infused with a quality normally seen in the cars this country produces . Tom Tykwer wrote the script and directs -LRB- as well as contributing his voice and music to several songs/remixes -RRB- , and gives us a movie that contains more than just artsy material . He takes the viewer on a journey of existentialism thanks to the unusual abilities of its main character , Lola . She 's a dye-dipped redhead with a high-pitched , soprano voice that can shatter glass . And she has the ability to change her future . Problem is , though , every time she changes something , everything changes , not just the one thing she wants . So when her boyfriend , Manni , loses 100,000 Deutsche marks that are owed to a local mob boss , Lola has to save him . But she 's only got 20 minutes , and everything does n't go as planned ... the first time . Or the second . Or maybe even the third.Not being very familiar with German cinema , I 'd rarely watched anything from this country . But I 'd often heard people comment on Run Lola Run and how great it was , so I decided to check it out . And I 'm glad I did ! The film opens up with a bang and does n't stop until the final scene . Franka Potente stars as the hair-color-enhanced Lola , and her portrayal is believable , beautiful , and bizarre . In short , a great combination . Her boyfriend , Manni , is played by Moritz Bleibtreu , and his ridiculous behavior is pulled off well , especially when he loses the money and calls Lola in a blubbering panic.I loved , too , the incorporation of overlapping animation , something I enjoyed in the movie THE DANGEROUS LIVES OF ALTAR BOYS.Connections within connections is the main theme here , but one that is brought to life by a vivid script and excellent camera work -LRB- the dizzying slow-downs and speed-ups may drive some to distraction but are vital to the story -RRB- . I mentioned earlier the great soundtrack and that the director contributed his own voice and songs to it . And so did Franka Potente . The European beats mixed with old American titles were laid down in topnotch fashion.This is another foreign film gem , and one that wo n't take up much of your time . But it 's one you 'll be glad you visited .
 Rennt , Lola , Rennt is more than a passing fad and what once might have looked like a fast-paced gimmick , has turned to be a signature work of the unique new voice in the thriller genre . Tom Twyker continues to make great suspense flicks . I dare say he 's developed into a great stylist in fullest command of his craft . A Hitchcock in the making for our generation . -LRB- That would be the generation X in case someone asked . -RRB-
 Ever since MTV arrived on the scene back in the early 1980s , the attention span of Americans has dropped like a stone . The mindless superficiality of the programming has n't helped boost IQ scores , either , but I wo n't get into that here . MTV 's propensity for rapid-fire programming , replete with jump cuts and other fast editing techniques , eventually found a home in the moviemaking business . Unfortunately , the use of these methods became commonplace , often relegating if not downright replacing such tried and true formulas like plot , character development , and dialogue . Throw in a cut every few seconds , the reasoning must have went , and it gives the audience the impression that the action is more immediate and exciting . In more than a few cases these new techniques worked effectively , usually in films that still adhered to the old ideas of centering the film on the characters and the script . The first `` Matrix '' film comes to mind as an example of a movie that successfully fused the new editing with traditional film practices . Another film that works just as well is `` Run Lola Run , '' a low budget German film written and directed by Tom Tykwer and starring the amazing actress Franka Potente.The plot of `` Run Lola Run '' is surprisingly simple . Lola -LRB- Potente -RRB- must find a way to come up with 100,000 deutsche marks in twenty minutes or her boyfriend Manni -LRB- Moritz Bleibtreu -RRB- will have some serious explaining to do . He took a job for a big time crime boss involving the sale of a bunch of stolen cars but accidentally left the money on the train . A bum stumbled over the bag of cash and walked off with it before Manni could stop him . If Lola ca n't find a way to replace the bag of money , Manni tells her on the telephone , he will go across the street and rob a supermarket . Losing the money is that serious of a matter , apparently . Twenty minutes . With no time to lose , Lola dashes out of her apartment and runs across town to see her banker father , hoping against hope that he will somehow loan her the money . Yeah right . This guy has his own worries involving a female employee and he is n't about to drop everything to help his troublesome daughter . Lola dashes on , but through circumstances beyond her control arrives too late to stop Manni from committing a robbery . Will tragedy ensue because of her tardiness ? Will the crime lord arrive on the scene and bust her boyfriend up for his lackluster handling of the assignment ? `` Run Lola Run '' answers these questions in different ways because once Lola arrives at the supermarket , the movie starts over at the point when she hangs up the phone after finding out about Manni 's quandary . That 's right , we see the same event begin again with a slightly different variation and outcome . Once again , Lola dashes across town to visit her recalcitrant father in order to beg him for a loan . Once again , her father is dealing with his own problems concerning a female employee . But the encounter between father and daughter is slightly changed . So is the ultimate outcome of the eventual Lola/Manni reconciliation . Then the film STARTS AGAIN at the point where Lola hangs up the phone after learning about Manni 's predicament . Again , she dashes across town to visit her father in order to seek his assistance with the couple 's fiscal problems . And again , her father is dealing with his own issues . And again , many events change from the previous versions . Three separate times Lola dashes across town to save her boyfriend , with the ending of each variation differing significantly from the previous version of events . `` Run Lola Run '' uses everything from animation to fast editing to a thundering soundtrack in order to create a sense of dire urgency , and it works spectacularly . You 'll be sitting on the edge of your seat wondering how Lola will overcome the obstacles in her way , or even if she can overcome them . Tykwer gives the film additional depth by occasionally showing us , through a quick series of still photographs , what happens in the future to various people Lola runs into or passes by on her journey through town . A woman pushing a baby stroller and a lady walking down the hallway in the bank are just two examples of this interesting technique . Obviously , their fate changes in each version . The inclusion of intriguing concepts like this and others highlights the fickle connections between each living person on the planet . We 've all thought along these lines before , usually when something disastrous happens and we say something like `` If I had only turned left instead of right , I would n't have wrecked my car . '' `` Run Lola Run '' simply poses this question on a larger scale by showing how an event could change based on one or two minor variations in the actions of a character . If the movie 's existential ponderings prove too much for you , you can sit back and enjoy Franka Potente 's performance as the grungy , red headed Lola . She 's a real hoot , with a voice capable of shattering glass when she screams.Extras on the disc include an informative , fun commentary with Tykwer and Potente , a music video with a brunette Potente singing a song , cast biographies , and trailers for `` Run Lola Run , '' `` The Dreamlife of Angels , '' and `` Orlando . '' There are a few problems with the story , such as the nonsensical scene when the cops refuse to let Manni reenter the train to get his money . Why would they do that ? Because the script needs that bag of money out of Manni 's hands , that 's why . Yet despite a few logical problems , `` Run Lola Run '' is a heck of a film everyone can enjoy .
 I truly can not believe what I just saw . I promise that no American filmaker could do this film , and even if they could , they would not have the guts to try . I also found out how stalkers get there start
 It 's like an episode from the Twilight Zone . Three days , lived over sequentially -LRB- same day -RRB- and this lady has to RUN across the city looking for a way to keep her boyfriend from being killed by the mob . Each time it ends in his death , then the last time she dies and he 's the one who ` saves ' her . Their next day completely shifts their life for the better & they 're out of the perpetual loop.This actress literally RUNS for about half the movie , she 's in great shape ! Interesting premise . Fun watching the same people in the background in certain scenes where THEIR lives evidentally are very different each time around.I 'd recommend it .
 I loved this movie - went as Lola for Halloween that year !
 I recently saw Frank Potente in `` The Bourne Identity '' and I just had to learn more about her . Franka is amazing . I looked through the Internet to find out more about her and I came across `` Run Lola Run . '' Franka is amazing . In `` Run Lola Run '' she gives a great performance as a sexy young woman trying to save her boyfriend 's life by searching for 100,000 Marks in a twenty minute span . Franka is amazing . In an ever-so European manner , the film is a combination of techno and artistic brilliance , leaving the viewer entranced . Franka is amazing . The film is also a love story similar to `` Bonnie & Clyde . '' Franka is amazing . Though the animation part still leaves me puzzled , I highly recommend this film to anyone interested in European/techno films and/or anyone fascinated by Franka Potente . Franka is amazing .
 With shocking red hair , An industrial soundtrackLola goes running
 It 's creative and fun , but a bit overrated by people . I ca n't see too deep a meaning from this `` music video with a plot '' . Admittedly it 's a must buy for it 's originality .
 Very fast movie , too many things happen in just seconds , few moments to breathe . It 's absolutely non-boring and takes your heartbeats to the top . The music is also very fast , it makes an excellent complement . Lola 's anxiety to get the money and meet her boyfriend before 20 minutes is transmitted to the viewer . Many elements are found in the movie , for example
 Great film ! In fact , it 's pretty scary how many times in the past couple of years it 's been -LSB- copied -RSB- . When I watched the first episode of `` Alias '' , I could n't believe how blatantly they were stealing from `` Run Lola Run '' . It 's fun , it 's fast-paced , it has a great soundtrack and it 's worthy of some respect . Plus , I think Franka Potente is remarkably sexy in this movie.The DVD has some okay extras . If you 're not into reading your films , then you can access the english overdub . And for fans of the soundtrack there 's a music video for the single . But the real reason to but this DVD is re-watch-ability .
 In this German movie , a young girl named Lola -LRB- Potente -RRB- must get 20,000 marks to her boyfriend Manni -LRB- Bleibtreu -RRB- in 20 minutes or he will die . The premise sounds kind of dumb , but the execution is phenomenal . In the great tradition of Bill Murray in Groundhog Day , Lola is given multiple chances to get things right . Lola 's first attempts , which end in tragedy , place her right back where she started . All along the way , the audience gets to see how the smallest and seemingly insignificant actions can have the largest consequences . This film speaks volumes about the potential that each human being has to change their life and the lives of others . When I first saw this movie , I could n't help but become completely engrossed in the film . In some movies , the simplest plots produce the most complex and interesting story lines . This is definitely one of those . Through the simple and seemingly silly premise , the characters bring up very interesting questions about love , family , society , and human needs . Like the other movies I have listed , I recommend this one full heartedly to anyone who is looking for a unique film . I recommend you watch this movie in German dubbing and English subtitles for the full effect however , rather than simply English dubbing .
 This has to be one of the finest foreign action films I have ever seen . Kudos to the Germans on making this a fast paced , edge of your seat fantasy-action , soon to be cult - classic masterpiece . It puts forth intruiging circumstances . What if you did n't miss the bus or what if you bought that lottery ticket ? In this film Lola and her boyfriend get to play out three different outcomes to almost identical situations . The dubbing to English is annoying at first but you get used to it . It is slightly off emotion . This is a great addition to your DVD collection .
 Run Lola Run is a visually stunning film . It is a fast paced heart pounder which leaves you lterally breathless afterwards . The film is set to the backdrop of Berlin which the director shoots beautifully . The idea is fresh and unique and the effect is achieved quite well . The soundtrack is apporpriate , and the scenes well coreographed . this is definetely one of the best movies of 1999 . Run Lola Run is a superb movie putting Germany back on the map of exquisite filmmaking countries . i hope to see more great exports soon !
 I would give this film ten stars if I could . I loved this movie . It was a fast-paced , non-stop , emotional romp that captured the gamut of emotions from A to Z ! I can tell whether a movie is truly excellent if it can make me cheer for the characters -- I was jumping up and down in excitement for these characters ! Lola has one hefty set of lungs which she regularly uses to her advantage , and I would have screamed along with her . One important aspect of this movie was definitely the soundtrack . The driving rhythms of the techno beat really added a certain nuance to the movie . There definitely would have been a lot missing from the movie had the techno music not been a major part . Another very important part of the movie was the inclusion of excerpts from Charles Ives ' `` The Unanswered Question , '' a monumental piece of classical music . It added a very nice existential touch to the movie , referring to the unanswered question of life . In a way , `` The Unanswered Question '' was the heart of the film , acting as an interlude between life and death for Lola and Manni and making them re-evaluate themselves and each other , finding out what is most important to both of them . The other characters in the film serve as ordinary people that either play major or minor parts to the cacophony that surrounds Lola and Manni . Lola 's father plays the indifferent , two-timing parent perfectly , and everyone else is cast very strong as well . Franka Potente is superb , enough said , and Moritz Bleibtreu is effective as well , portraying a confused and desperate man caught in a bad situation . Wonderful acting , wonderful dialogue , wonderful action , and wonderful music combine for a wonderful movie !
 When her boyfriend Manni , in a panic , absent-mindedly leaves a bag of crime money on a subway in an effort to evade the police , Lola -LRB- Franka Potente -RRB- comes to the rescue , knowing that Manni 's crime boss will suspect a double-cross if the 100,000 marks is not found or replaced . She does so in three separate sequences a la Rashomon or Jackie Brown -LRB- two imaginary , one apparently real -RRB- with varying degrees of success.Tight , exhilarating film which starts with way too many MTV-like gimmicks -LRB- animation , under-cranking , over-cranking , video , film , black and white , color -RRB- but eventually settles into its own beautiful pace and never lets up . Potente delivers an excellent performance as the frantic redhead , running running running -LRB- for what seems to be a quarter of the film -RRB- , her bright mane of flames crackling behind her as she sets the streets afire in her single-minded quest.With all this rushing , it 's a small miracle that director/writer Tom Tykwer is able to build these characters as well as he does . Even more amazing , though , is that in under 80 minutes they become one of the most believable on-screen romantic couples of the year , enough to make this one of the year 's best films .
 Tom Tykwer must 've been hopped up on seven pots of Cuban coffee when he wrote the screenplay to RUN LOLA RUN . It 's a nervy , jolting 1998 German thriller that hurtles like a runaway train . It 's packed with urgent , kinetic moments . It 's goaded by a pulsing techno score . It ambushes you with an unusual plot twist a third into it . It won the 1999 Sundance Film Festival Audience Award and plenty of other awards , so it can shout that from the rooftops.What ever happened to Franka Potente ? She 'd amassed so much cachet after her electrifying performance here , I 'm surprised I have n't seen her more on-screen since . RUN LOLA RUN does n't ef around . It right away establishes the two leads and the story 's central conflict . Potente plays `` Lola , '' a redheaded whirling dervish of a girl who dashes off to rescue her frantic boyfriend Manni -LRB- Moritz Bleibtreu -RRB- who only has 20 minutes left to recover the 100,000 German marks that he 'd lost , and then hand that over to his boss ... his very testy mob boss . You wonder what an ordinary girl like Lola can do . I mean , besides run really fast and with arm-pumping abandon . One third thru the film , when things seem at its bleakest , maybe she 'll surprise you . Because the thing that happens , I think she wills it into happening . *** Hey now , SPOILERS alert for this paragraph !! *** Some say that this film is comprised of three parallel realities that showcase the same characters . Me , I prefer to regard RUN LOLA RUN as a time travel story , because it 's cooler that way and it presents a stronger connective tissue . Sort of more12 :01 than , say , Sliding Doors . RUN LOLA RUN tweaks your senses with some metaphysical themes
 I saw this movie for the first time whilst visiting Germany - it was playing on TV and in original German -LRB- with no subtitles , of course . -RRB- Have I mentioned I do n't speak German , apart from `` bitte '' and `` danke '' ? I actually understood most of the movie ! The basic plot of the movie does n't revolve around the dialogue , but having seen it later with English subtitles was a much richer experience . I was so blown away by `` Lola Rennt '' in Germany , I went on a mission to buy the soundtrack before I left the country ! -LRB- As an aside , it 's AWESOME workout music ! -RRB- I 'm re-purchasing today in DVD format to replace the VHS I bought when I returned to the states in 2000 . Watch this movie - you wo n't be disappointed .
 The movie is about the story of Lola -LRB- Franka Potente -RRB- who promised her boyfriend Manni -LRB- Maritz Bleibtreu -RRB- that she would find him 10000 DMs in 20 minutes , and if she failed to appear he would go rob the supermarket . Its not the greatest storyline in the world and the characters in the movie have the amazing capacity to do the most stupid , impulsive things without thinking first , but I must say that I enjoyed the whole movie from start to end and watched it twice , first by myself then with my husband . The comic quality of this movie is dry but good , and its pace is fast which means that you hardly have time to think or predict what the character is going to do next before they do it . The soundtrack is the style of authentic German trance-techno music ... which pleased my husband a great deal because he 's a German trance-techno fan . This is definitely no quiet , emotional drama ... the characters are brash and act and say whatever they want . If you watch the DVD version you can choose to watch the movie in its original German version with English subtitles , or you can choose to watch it in an English-dubbed version . My personal preference is the original German version with English subtitles . The other English-dubbed version I find really irritating because they do n't even dub it word for word ... original swear-words in German are substituted by tame and ridiculously stupid English words which many of us do n't even use in our daily life for swearing or expressing anger . Not only that , the dubbing is unemotional -LRB- sounds like the English-dubbers they use to dub Japanese cartoons into English -RRB- and it sounds plastic and lacks the real depth of feeling that the original German version contains .
 I fell completely in love with this brilliant artistic film from the first moment that I laid eyes on it . I got to say I 'm pretty surprised I have not heard of it until now , in my English class . There is more action and emotion in the first 30 minutes of this movie than in BraveHeart , Matrix , and any Schwartzenegger film put together . It is a film rich with color , sound , creativity , and non-stop exhilaration!The plot is this girl named Lola has 20 minutes to get to her boyfriend and get him $ 100,000 before he is killed for screwing up a job . There is no time wasted on subplot , the subplot develops as the story moves on . The cool thing about this movie is that we not only see what happens as Lola scrambles to get the money , but we see it happen three times . Each time Lola 's 20 minutes are up , we start fresh with a few things learned and try all over again . What is admirable about Lola is her strong determination to succeed and conquer the obstacles . She fights for what she believes , for what she trusts , and for what she loves.To me , the movie Run Lola Run is also a story of the little intricacies that you , me , and every other person in the world take for granted as we pass each other on the street and pass each other by and how those little meaningless nuances can change our entire lives . The difference between a person running into you and running by you is the difference between you being a baby-stealer and being a lottery winner . The plot may have been simple but the acting was solid , charismatic and charming . The film is so captivating in every aspect ; it almost made me forget that this is a German film with English subtitles .
 Have you ever had a dream where , perhaps you did not like the way the dream was evolving , so you manipulated the events in some sort of re-do/start-over variation , and tried again ? Well , this is ` Run Lola Run ' ... a heart-thumping , high adrenaline romp of a wild ride.Lola is a young woman who is supposed to pick up her boyfriend , Manni , from the train station . Manni - - who is kind of incompetent and obviously dependant on Lola for guidance - - works for criminal-types , and he was to make a delivery of 100,000 deutsche marks to his boss . Due to circumstances beyond Lola 's control , she is unable to pick up Manni at the designated time , and he , in his confusion , misplaces the bag which contains the money . Manni is convinced that his boss will kill him if he does n't have the money ; Lola insists she can come up with the money , and Manni agrees to wait just twenty minutes for her , or else he will rob a large retail store nearby to get it . The key here is the twenty minutes . This frantic phone conversation sets everything in motion , and Lola 's mad dash commences . As the first twenty minutes winds down unsuccessfully , in that almost dream-like method , Lola is able to re-do the twenty minutes with similar but variant results , and then again a third time . It is the variant results that make the scenes so fascinating . Not only is this girl running with everything she 's got , the director strafes you with fast-paced shots , and the pulsing techno-music feels like an aerobic workout in your brain . Each person she comes across causes us to catch a small but interesting glimpse into the effects we all unknowingly have upon each other . And , remarkably , for as little time you get with the lesser characters -LRB- her mother , father , people in the street -RRB- , you are able to develop a much broader characterization and even a better understanding of who Lola is - - independent and confident.The only flaw in this story involves logic . I could n't help wondering why Lola just did n't go back and change the one thing that would 've solved the whole situation - - get to the train station to pick up Manni on time ! But , all in all , I think ` Run Lola Run ' is a very enjoyable film , and is visually pleasing as well as refreshingly original , story-wise . I am just hoping it does not garner so much attention as to warrant an American copy , starring J-Lo !
 I just sit and watch it without question , i never heard of it before but i love this movie . Im ready to rent it too . Excelent techno-trance music .
 This movie is unlike anything you 've ever seen or will ever see again . Lola has 20 minutes to find 100,000 marks to save her boyfriend from the mob . The movie shows three different scenarios and how the smallest thing , such as tripping on the way down the stairs , can effect your entire life . Very cool . Its the only movie I 've seen that I can say I notice something new each and every time I watch it . You will not be bored by this movie . Its one of the few movies I 've ever seen that can combine action and suspense with an intelligent plot . A must see !!
 I watched `` Run Lola Run '' for the first time in a film class my Senior year in college . I was completely surprised and impressed by this film . I had heard about it when it was first released , but I never knew what all the excitement was about . Well , I soon discovered it!This film follows a young woman and her boyfriend as they try to come up with a large sum of money in 20 minutes that is owed to a gangster . What is really cool about this film is that it goes through numerous paths that each person could have taken . Once one storyline is finished , the story starts all over again in a different way . It 's very exciting and that excitement is complimented by a pounding techno beat.I would highly suggest this film to everyone and not just those who study film or are into indie films . I think anyone can enjoy this film because it 's filled with so many things that make movies great
 As soon as I heard about this movie I had to go out and rent it ... this turned out to be a great decision . I watched it 3 times in one weekend and it is now one of the crowning jewels in my DVD collection.Lola is an amazing chacter , who is very easy to empathize with . with one phone call at the beginning of the movie she is thrown into a dizzying situation which requires her to act entirely based on wit and instinct ; she has 20 minutes to get 100,000 marks or her boyfriend , Manie , is a dead man.the short time frame evicts raw emotion from Lola , and she goes thru every obsticle presented to her quickly with no time or patience for anything that gets in her way . the things we get to see are Lola 's split second reactions , along with how small differences in her encounters -LRB- down to what words a woman uses to curse at Lola -RRB- affect not only her outcome , but the future of the other people in the encounter . the use of flash forward still frames gives you a glimpse into these character 's changed lives , and does so effectively while not slowing down the movie . There are some scenes , not in the 20 minute timeline , that give an in depth look at the characters . My favorite of these is a scene with Lola and Manie where they have a `` how do you know you love me '' conversation that establishes the depth of their relationship without being over the top or weakening the characters . the movie is WONDERFUL.Personal recomendation
 To me the most interesting philisophical aspect of this film is n't the obvious one presented . That of `` small seemingly insignifigant events can alter our destinies '' -LRB- or the flapping of a butterflies wings can cause a hurricane -RRB- . Rather than focus on that I found myself enthralled by Lola 's physical plight through the streets of Berlin . It seemed as a microcosm for life itself . It was a road movie with an overexerted heartbeat . If you do n't think this movie was deep I think you may have to take a closer look.The part that set my head spinning was during the third story when Lola has absolutely zero solutions for her situation and asks herself `` what should I do now ? ... Keep Running . '' Do n't we tell ourselves that in some form everyday of our lives . Motion making us cancel out the fact that we may be on infinite auto pilot . Motion cancelling out the fact that at the end of the day we are all going to die anyway.Some people have said that the running became dull or redundant but honestly those are the parts of the film that challanged me to go inside of myself most of all . On top of that this film is truly cinematic -LRB- unlike most made these days -RRB- and has a driving techno soundtrack.Sometimes actions speak louder than words . . and in this case that is proved to the 110th degree .
 A photographer 's film . Absolute art . Color , composition , story & soundtrack combine to make this an A + film .
 A great , fast-paced movie with intelligent social commentary . Not only is this movie an adrenaline rush , but it 's also a visual delight . There are little visual cues to pick up here and there , for example the roadway that forms infin -- the Greek symbol for infinity -- in the opening sequence.The actors are clearly talented , particularly the two leads . Even though Manni and Lola have very litte screen time together , their chemistry is evident throughout . Somehow , Potente and Bleibtreu make is incredibly easy to see why Lola would risk so much for her boyfriend.But , having watched the movie I was left thinking
 I 'm usually a big fan of Moritz Bleibtreu , anyway , but he was totally overshadowed by the dazzling perfomance of Franka Potente in this film . As a friend said , `` I could watch that red hair in the wind for days '' . This is a beautiful film .
 This movie had everything you could hope for in a suspense film . Action , romance , music , crazed psycho mob boss . Before seeing the film I wondered how 20 minutes of time could be played out in an 80 minute film . You have to see it to understand it . My only complaint about the movie is some of the translations . At one point Lola screams , `` Papa , '' and it 's translated as `` Wait ! '' All in all a great movie . I recommend everyone see it . It 's even better if you know a little German , but that does n't matter too much . See it .
 About once or twice a year a movie comes along that renews movie lover 's faith in the genre and keeps them going to the theatre hoping to relive the experience . Run Lola Run is one such movie . Just when you think you 've seen everything , German director Tom Tykwer takes you on a frenetic `` Run '' quite unlike anything seen before . The only thing that comes close to it visually are the post Wall Street Oliver Stone movies and none of them are as entertaining as this . The music is great in the way it matches both the fast paced moments and the slower ones in which the characters are sharing their thoughts . Part of the originality lies in the unlikeliest of heroines Lola . Her red hair could very well be fire the way she runs in three separate episodes which all focus on her getting to her boyfriend Manni in twenty minutes to help save him from an unforgiving drug dealer whom he owes money to but which he 's lost . One would think early on that there would not be much time in this kind of framework to really come to care about Lola and her dilemma . The director Tykwer however , seems gifted in his ability to show only that which is essential and present it in a way that makes you not only care about Lola but makes you root her on as well . Finally , there is an element of magic in the story that rather than make the film seem unlikely has the effect of making one more resolute that the future is indeed in our hands . It 's this magic engineered by Tykwer that makes this film not only one of the best foreign pictures of the year but one of the best pictures of the year period .
 this movie is the best movie i 've seen in a long time -LRB- keep in mind i have n't seen `` american beauty '' -RRB- it was just great.I did n't even mind reading subtitles -LRB- on the dvd they can put it in english , but NEVER be dumb enough to watch the movie with that ! , it is AWFUL!The voices did n't even sound anything like them ! -RRB- I loved how smart it was , especially every time in each story when every time she passed a person it has quick snapshots of the person 's future.If you are debating whether to see this movie or not , i STRONGLY recommend you watch it as soon as possible , and trust me you will not regret it . P.S. if music is an issue for you , you do n't have to worry , the music is unbeleivable ! -LRB- and i was pleasantly surprised to see that on the dvd there is a music video and whats even more mazing is that Franka Potente sings most of the songs , if you do n't know who she is , she 's lola . -RRB-
 `` Lola rennt '' is definately one of my favourite films ever made . I especially love it because it is none of the typical German Hollywood imitations which have flood the video market for years . Indeed I have never watched a similar film . It spreads hope and makes us realise that we ourselves are responsible for our own destiny and that we always should think before we act .
 This is one of the most creative and exciting films I have seen . The English track is a little cheesy , Manni sounds odd and the words are different than the subtitles . No complaints about the film , any fan of cinema will appreciate the camera shots , soundtrack , action , and humor . Highly recommended .
 I have seen this movie more than ten times . It still sets my heart to pounding and makes my breath catch . Genius .
 This fast-paced , innovative and extremely entertaining German film features an inspired techno soundtrack and great use of editing , camera and sound to tell the story of Lola -LRB- Franka Potente -RRB- who must figure a way to get 100,000 marks in 20 minutes . This is the excellent premise that shoots off an extremely clever and modern piece of foreign cinema . Great performance , great story , kinetic pace , excellent techno soundtrack and attentive direction make this film and it 's filmmaker one of the most promising things to come out of Germany in the 90 's . Highly Recommended . From a scale of 1-10 I give this film an 8 !
 I am a Dutch Girl who used to live in Germany , I am married to a US Soldier and lived in the States for a while before being stationed again in Germany now . While in the US I am sorry I missed this movie which was a great hit over here in Germany . I caught this one on TV here and had to order the DVD . Germany rarely makes great flicks , but this is definetely one of their successes . Fast , intelligent , visually exciting with a great pounding soundtrack is what this movie is all about . You get the plot from reading all the other reviews . Being a European I usually am on top of exciting new european avantgarde movies . It took me 2 years to discover this gem , and I am glad I did . If you are young at heart and like to be visually stimulated and have a cosmopolitan mind you will like this one . This is not the movie for your average american joe -LRB- sorry I do not want to insult anybody , but there are people in the States that do n't even know where the hell Germany is and think there are still tanks rolling around Berlin -RRB- . Europe has come a long way in filmmaking and they do not compare to the Hollywood dreamfactory , however this is a rare exception . Enjoy , kick back and watch LOLA RUN !!
 I just watched this film on IFC and I ca n't believe it ! The whole thing is just brilliant . I rarely review films because I love them so much I usually have too much to say about this or that , but I will try to keep it to a minimum : The concept is is one people have seen before
 This is the second film by the director . His first film although interesting was rather static . This film is full of energy and never stops for a minute.The basis of the plot is fairly simple . The heroine 's boyfriend has lost a large amount of money belonging to gangsters . Lola has a very short time to get the money or her boyfriend will be killed in an unpleasant way . She has to run from her flat and work out some scheme to raise the cash.The film intertwines a series of different plots and endings which could have arisen from that one scenario . Each is in its own way amusing although some are grim.As Lola desperately searches for ways to raise the cash there is a grinding techno beat soundtrack which pulsates with energy . Lola herself is played by an actress with total charisma and screen prescence . The only slight negative to the film is that one wonders how she could end up with such a jerk . The film also uses animated sequences and still photography and is quite inovative in style.Not only do Lola and her boyfriend face different fates in each scenario but so do the bit players that they meet . One of the more interesting and dynamic films in years .
 This film is unique , energetic , exciting , and enthralling . It presents a deep viewpoint in an outrageous way . The film is about a woman who , in an attempt to save her boyfriend 's life , runs around trying to find alot of money . When I heard this description , I was a little hesitant about the quality of the film ; when I say it though , I was amazed . The themes and situations that occur are truly unique . I would definitely recommend this film
 Every now and then , a great foreign film makes its way across the pond . And films like `` Run Lola Run '' makes me wonder how many other great foreign films we 're missing out on because Hollywood is unwilling to distribute them to American audiences . Of course , there 's also the minor fact that , until recently , few Americans were willing to give subtitled films a chance . `` Run Lola Run '' is a masterpiece . Combine the look of Madonna 's `` Ray of Light '' music video , and the inter-twined subplots of `` Pulp Fiction '' and you get a basic feel of what to expect from Lola . The soundtrack fits the film like a glove , doing for Lola what say , a John Williams soundtrack does for a Spielberg film . You owe it to yourself to run , not walk , and check this film out in its original German -LRB- down with dubbing ! -RRB- ... wide screen if possible .
 Run Lola Run is absolutly one of the best movies i have seen . The art concepts and character is amazing . Just the way the video is created using narative , live action , simple animation , series photography , and various video techniques -LRB- including
 This movie is about interactions . What you say and do , what others say and do , influence what we do . Action and reaction with a smidgen of chance mixed in . That 's it folks , in a nut shell .
 This is one of my favorite movies , and if you have n't seen it yet , do so . It 's a highly energized , inventive movie about fate , love , and coincidence -LRB- a theme so many directors have embraced recently -RRB- . Everything in his movie is expertly and effectively done
 When I first started watching the movie , I thought it was gon na bore me . But was I wrong ! The movie is awesome and gets really interesting . And , I loved Lola 's hair .
 I LOVED IT ! My mom loved it . My high school classmates loved it -LRB- which surprised me -RRB- . Come on people , it 's just a fun film . Why the heck does every film have to have some artsy - fartsy deep meaning ? -LRB- I 'm talking to you 1 and 2 star reviewers ! -RRB- Why does it have to be a smashing hit with an epiphany that makes you spill your latte on the floor of your overpriced arthouse in order for you to enjoy it ? Why does it have to rival other German directors simply because it 's German?Well , I suppose the same people who said such nasty things about such a cool movie think that techno/drum n ' bass is mindless simply because it is n't written and performed by a self - centered , barefoot wannabe gen - X hippie with a pretentious hypocritical attitude.Well guess what -- SOME PEOPLE LOVED THE SOUNDTRACK ! Maybe it 's just a generation gap here , maybe not ... my aging hippie -LRB- genuine 1960s/1970s -RRB- mom is n't a techno/dnb fanatic , and she even liked the soundtrack . -LRB- I love you mommy ! -RRB- I guess everyone to their own ... * sob *
 This movie is great entertainment that has not much to do with the high budget Hollywood flicks ; it is very interesting and well done . The language is not the most important part of the movie so I would suggest to watch it in its original , German ; but for those who want the english version , you can change the language preferences on the DVD . The mix of `` the real '' with the surreal is not only achieved through the action of the actors and through the repetition of the possible variations of the same 15 minutes , but also through smooth passages in and out of a cartoon world where the action continues . At the end I was left with thoughts of randomness of life .
 Just what I expected from the DVD cover alone . Lola , with her flaming , bright red hair and tender , spunky , and clever wit , makes this film one of the most unforgettable and exciting foreign films that I 've ever seen . For such a simple plot , the film is pure creativity and originality to its fullest . It 's a rollercoaster that has many twists and turns as the journey of Lola , who 's trying to retrieve money for her boyfriend in distress , Manni , is retold THREE times . Each one is re-enacted in a clever , spontaneous , and yes , even believable way . One thing that Lola , or Manni , could have done changes the whole courses of events completely . Yes , the film is confusing . It makes you wonder if any of those events really happened , or if it 's in the imagination of one of the characters . Hell , near the end it feels as if the whole movie was just a dream . That 's what makes this film so fun and entertaining . Not only that , but all the suspense and action does n't take away the affective and well-written dialogue that 's absent from 95 % of action films . Lola is not just a character with flaming red hair who runs , runs , and runs , and screams so loud that she breaks glass . She has a heart and plenty of spunk that makes her a character worth watching , not just a pretty face to look at . I highly recommend this film to anyone who wants to watch a fun and entertaining movie that has a bit of a twist , a sense of a humor , and some touchy moments .
 Thinking outside the box is challenging . Creating life and movement outside the box in a way that someone else can easily interpret and appreciate is masterful . Visually , the film could not be better , capturing both action and intense emotional moments with unmatched creativity . Along with expert camera work , editing and superb acting , this film becomes a roller coaster ride for the senses . A work of art , it deserves more than 5 stars .
 This has to be one of my favorites ! Rarely do we see the portrayal of a complex concept done so beautifully , in a movie ! This is all about using intense focus and trance to change a timeline . Lola runs and runs -LRB- the art direction is stunning -RRB- , putting herself into a trance state which allows her to accomplish her mission . It is a brilliant example of how the mind can be used to change a timeline in a moment . I like how the different timelines or parallel realities are portrayed , and it is a great depiction of the quantum field in action . This film is beautifully art directed in the finest flavor of European filmmaking . Whether one has an understanding of quantum physics or not , it is entertaining and thought provoking . Definitely one for the library !
 This film was brought to my attention during English class . Since , I have added it to my own collection . `` Run Lola Run '' is an exciting , upbeat movie that keeps you on the edge of your seat.Mannie and Lola are the main characters . They are the German Bonnie and Clyde . Lola is driven by loyalty-Mannie by money . Each plays a vital role in the film . However , the story centers on Lola 's ordeal , hence the title , with brief interjections into Mannie 's experience.The director carefully sequences three , very possible , scenarios that lead you to yearn for the criminals to succeed . Each scenario contains events that are particular to that version of the story . So , do not blink because some changes are subtle yet intricate to the story line.Music sets the pace . Techno sounds blare in the background , forcing you to keep up with the scenes smearing by . The music controls you-you are but putty in the director 's hands-as you hang on every note . `` Run Lola Run '' was better that I ever anticipated . It was very enjoyable and addictive . Each time I watch the film I see something new ; I am now going on my fourth viewing .
 While watching Run Lola Run , I was thinking , this movie is either going to be terrible or outstanding , and nowhere in between . As it turns out , this is an outstanding film ! It all came together for me in the end , where the real driving point of the film came through
 I loved this movie . It is quirky , but that appealed to me . I found the diversions interesting . The format of running the story over three times did n't seem odd to me . I found it a new way to look at a film without feeling like it was an `` ART '' film . I ca n't say that making another movie like this would work , but it worked for this movie.This is also the first and only commentary I have watched immediately after seening the movie for the first time . After the movie ended , I turned on the commentary and watched again . I thought Franka Potente and Tom Tykwer give great added information to the movie . They do n't take it too seriously but rather take you along as they reminense about how the movie was made.I realize people have different tastes in movies , but I recommend this movie for EVERYONE over 18 . A friend of mine watched this and HATED the fact that it went over the same story three times . I do n't know how to counter that other than to say , open your mind and give this movie a try .
 The only thing upon which I can agree with the previous viewer is that the character of Manni is indeed a bit annoying -- not too bright , and all too willing to blame Lola for his own predicament . This film is so taught , however , that it hardly matters.Run Lola Run is imaginative , mesmerizing , and take-your-breath-away exciting . The amazing visuals work perfectly with an outstanding soundtrack and a highly engaging storyline to create a truly exquisite film experience . Highly , highly recommended !
 I 've watched `` Run Lola Run '' three times now -- once at an arthouse theatre when it first opened , again after purchasing the DVD about a year ago , and again this past week.The first time I watched the DVD , I had n't realized that there were two different versions -- dubbed and subtitled -- on the disk . My wife and I watched the dubbed version and we were both VERY disappointed . Even if you do n't understand a lick of German -LRB- and we do n't -RRB- , the subtitled one allows you to better gauge the emotions of the original performance . Actors dubbing in the dialogue after-the-fact , rarely , if ever , can match the impact of the original.Last week , I watched it again with a friend -- but only after having turned the disk over to the subtitled side.Lola has received a frantic phone call from her boyfriend , Manni . He had left a sack containing 100,000 German Marks on a train ... money that he was going to be turning over to his mobster boss in 20 minutes . If he does n't have the money when he meets his boss , he 's dead.Lola dashes out of her apartment with no general idea of how she 's going to come up with 100,000 Marks , and interacts with a number of people along the way.As for the lesson in -LRB- anti -RRB- theology ... -LRB- from my perspective , anyway -RRB- The anti-theological point of RLR is that the most minute change in any event has a cascading effect where the resulting outcome may bear no resemblance to the events that would occur had the minor changes not taken place . In other words , this film is going to disturb the `` events are pre-ordained by God '' crowd.Early in each of her three runs , Lola encounters a nasty old woman , but with the * slightest * variation between the encounters . The first time , they clip shoulders as she runs past ... the woman sneers and calls Lola a name , and then the film offers about a dozen `` snapshots '' of the events that follow in the woman 's life . -LRB- Something involving the government taking her children ... or perhaps she had kidnapped them in the first place . I ca n't say for certain . -RRB- The second encounter with the woman results in a much bigger bump ... almost knocking the woman over . The woman turns and calls Lola a VERY bad name , but this time the forward-flash snapshots show the woman winning the lottery.In their final encounter , Lola has left the apartment without tripping , and therefore breezes past the old woman because she gets to the same spot about a second earlier . The woman STILL sneers at her , -LRB- but does not call her a name ! -RRB- , and this time we witness the next events in her life
 Tykwer 's `` Lola Rennt '' artfully demonstrates the temporal placement of an ontological progression . Lola moves through time -LRB- twenty minutes -RRB- and in doing so calls attention to the arbitrary nature of the lives she passes . We are distanced from the characterizations -LRB- which are shallow and undeveloped at best -RRB- instead focusing on the nature of her running , and the points in which she comes to friction with the society she is running through.Lola is unkempt . She is garishly attired , with the stop sign red hair that marks the film , defying Hollywood as she trundles along the streets in each of the three segments . She is an atypical female character , tentatively called heroine because there is no way to articulate how she acts for the benefit of herself and her man , and callously moves the world through which she runs . Lola is at odds with the world that regards her through the eyes of complacent security guards and non-believing SWAT-ish teams.The film critiques the stereotypes of relationships and women through its interludes . The relationship between Lola and Manni thematizes the their gender roles , and it is of note in which run the movie is ended , and how it seemingly reaffirms the status quo.In summary , the film is immensely entertaining and services an articulation of a deeper understanding of time and space and the ways in which humans react within said partitioning of being .
 The commentary by the director and Franka Potente -LRB- Lola -RRB- is entertaining but not so informative about the movie itself . They recalled many shooting details , but neglect to really talk about the movie in depth . Oh , they speak in perfect English , so do n't worry about reading subtitles !
 The best film of 1999 in my opinion . It made me think , it held me spellbound , it leaped off the screen , and it was totally fresh . I was very disapointed when it was not nominated for best foreign film by the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences .
 Run to your neighborhood rental house and rent it ! What a wonderful contemporary film .
 I can not wait to get this on Blu-ray . I originally saw this flick in a little art-house theater -LRB- seated on a folding chair -RRB- during grad school and was amazed . I had it on DVD until I mistakenly loaned it out and never got it back . I 've been holding out hope to see in in HD and ca n't wait until I do . I 'll be counting the days . My Denon 2808 is going to make it all the much better .
 Lola needs to get hold of 100,000 Deutschmarks because her boyfriend Manni left a bag of money on the subway -LRB- or light rail -RRB- . If she does n't get it in 20 minutes , he will rob the store near the phone booth where he called her . The money belongs to a gangster who will kill Manni if he does n't get the cash.There are three different scenarios on Lola 's mad dash to rescue her boyfriend . It shows how each encounter with people changed their lives.I liked it because it was different from any movie I 've seen . It got a little too far out with the very brief moments she brushed by people . But the main parts of the story was good.Well , great idea for a script . Just needed a little tweaking .
 Franka Potente is wonderful in this film . The direction is superb and the driving score is very cool . Sliding Doors this is not .
 For me , this movie got off on the wrong foot when it posed a question and left us hanging for the answer . It basically asked us what the one question in life is , and what that answer is , then suggested that both the question and answer were obvious , and left it there without providing its answers . I could have done without that bit of annoying stupidity.The annoyance factor from that nonsense was strong enough to detract from my enjoyment of the next few minutes of colorful cartoons.To my surprise , the movie got better . After a dismal beginning it became absorbing.The main characters are Lola -LRB- young German girl with vivid red hair -RRB- , her worthless , immature and moronic boyfriend Manni -LRB- who you hope will die -RRB- , and her rich and philandering father . You kind of root for Lola to achieve her goal of saving her boyfriend from execution , but then again , you 'd kind of like to kill her boyfriend yourself.Manni was entrusted with a wonderful opportunity in life , the opportunity to complete a drug deal and give the proceeds to the boss . This will help him climb the ladder of success in crime . What an enterprising young man . He does complete the deal , but then he stupidly leaves the fortune on a train because he sees some cops entering the train and he stupidly just gets up from his seat , without the money bag , and leaves . Dumb bunny.He then telephones Lola and whines and panics to her . She swears she will help him . His solution is to rob a supermarket and get the money that way , to avoid being executed for not producing the drug money . He gives her a narrow time frame to show up and help him , because he is on a narrow time schedule himself , due to meet up with the drug boss.That is the background of the film . Lola wants to get the money from her father , but that does n't work . Her attempts to help the witless and extremely annoying Manni do not succeed , and we have a sad ending for our two heroes.Next thing you know , the happy couple is in bed together , and alive . None of this happened . Was it all a dream ? Lola is asking questions about Manni 's love for her . They are idiotic questions , but he is patient with them.Presto . The scene starts to play out again . Lola has another chance to help her idiot boyfriend out of the same jam . This time she does it a little differently and the outcome is also different , but still not very satisfying if you are actually rooting for Manni , which I was not.Once again , the happy couple are alive and well , despite the ending to episode two , and they are in bed having another philosophical discussion . This time it is Manni with the questions . Guess what . The scene is redone for us . Take three . Can Lola make things work this time?Other reviews on this site say that we are shown `` cause and effect '' based on different strategies and decisions that Lola makes . No we 're not . We 're just shown different stories . It 's a little like the tv series Quantum Leap , if you remember that one . There was more cause and effect in Quantum Leap than there is here . In Run Lola Run , freak accident or dumb luck determine the outcome as much as any cause and effect.The fact that the third outcome is happier for the dubious couple than the first two outcomes seems to be telling us that Lola finally got it right , but if you use even half your brain you will realize that some very improbable things were happening all along and this is just a fantasy with no moral , no cause and effect , just an interesting story.So , what is that one question that everything boils down to , and what is its answer ? The question seems to be , umm , that life gives you the opportunity to interact with your environment , and it 's up to you how it all comes out . Maybe not . I do n't know what the hell the question and answer are , that are supposed to be so obvious that they do n't even have to be told to us.In the end , the script writer needs to get hit over the head with a frying pan for that idiocy at the beginning , and Manni needs to be whipped with a wet noodle to knock some sense into him . I 'm sure that torturing him appropriately would help his maturity and character development.This is the only movie I can think of where the idealized happy ending would include the successful completion of an illegal drug deal , followed by a warm pat on the back given by the drug dealer to his brain dead protege.Lola is actually playing Manni 's mommy . Manni is a crying , whining , stupid baby getting himself into a jam and then putting it all on mommy to fix , and demanding that she fix it within a specified very limited time frame , and she has to run to do so , to save her idiot baby , and he petulantly blames her if she does n't perform the miracle , or at least show up , in the allotted time . Being stupid and amoral , Manni is a waste of skin and bone . But mommy helps him and loves him anyway . That 's what mommies are for.Oh , and if there is a cause and effect to this movie , the moral would be that you need to ask a higher power for help , and you need to not rob supermarkets . Gamble instead . Get lucky instead , one way or another . The moral is - get lucky ! Do n't you know that if you just ask the heavens for help you will win the lottery ? But if you try to rob a supermarket you will not be happy . Thank you for that wonderful bit of philosophy . Very deep . At least an inch and a quarter deep .
 You know when you see some special effect or style choice in a movie or tv show or commercial that you like ? Well , take all of those and put them in one movie and this is what Run Lola Run is - and they made it almost 10 years ago ! If you have n't seen this , treat yourself and get it .
 If you do n't like this movie there is something wrong with you . It was easy to follow , and it had the perfect mix of action , drama , and suspence . For an added bonus they threw in some sweet techno music that you have to love .
 This movie could have ended after 30min . Instead it repeats the first 30 min 2 more times , but with different outcomes . It shows how the little things in life may affect the bigger picture and course of one 's life . A bit philosophical of a movie , but it is fast paced . Lola does run a lot !
 Good movie . Well-paced . Great music . But try watching it as a cross between Groundhog 's Day and X-Men . Seriously . Consider Lola as a super hero - time manipulation , sonic powers -LRB- a la Banshee -RRB- , healing powers.Lola is a super hero .
 Lola receives a frantic phone call form her boyfriend . He will be killed by his gangster bosses in twenty minutes if he does n't come up with one hundred thousand deutsche marks , the amount he lost in a botched money transfer . So Lola runs , literally , into the streets of Germany , hoping to find means to the money in twenty minute 's time.Lola is sweet , worldly and young and so is her boyfriend . They need be , to gain our sympathy against the common but evil financier status quo of Europe . Their attempt to beat the clock against an impossible task , is the one and only subject matter of the film . The story , or idea , is told in a fast paced , rock video style narrative , part light humor , part sharp suspense , with lightning strike synonymous time frames of the same characters and situations , projecting Lola 's stressed mental state of adrenaline rushed physical endurance and high powered decision making.By the time Lola starts out on her third attempt to save the day , -LRB- it 's the charmer -RRB- , you might begin to wonder how the film will pull itself out of it 's self-imposed infinity , as it flails deep into a hole of pretense tempting filmmaking and already dated Euro-trash musical score . But it does , as happily as an adult , lust rewarding fairy tale . While we view a detailed visual feast of a gothic German metropolis as backdrop , it is the sight of the shapely , but not particularly athletic Lola running that captures our attention . Indeed , there is a lady or a tiger at the end of this road , or in this case , a pot o ' eurodollars or certain death . Like a modern day ` Diana and the Golden Apples ' , our heroine radiates stamina and endurance and beauty as she runs down yet another crooked path . So run , Lola , run . You 'll shed those few extra pounds yet .
 Great movie ! I finaly watched it . Premise
 It was more the style of the film which intrigued me , than the typical things one looks for in a film.The relentless pounding tempo , reinforced with the running and music score . Nothing really complicated , just plenty of time to let the mind drift and contemplate how seemingly insignificant moments in time can alter one 's whole life.The film , `` Sliding Doors '' , also broached this subject , and I liked that film even better than this , ranking it 5 stars , but `` Run Lola Run '' was darn good , too .
 Run Lola Run was a great illustration of how life is about decision making . The director Tom Tykwer did a great job at writing and directing this film.The movie is about Lola , Franka Potente , trying to save boyfriend Manni , Moritz Bleibtreu , by finding one hundred thousand marks with in a twenty minute time span . The marks are for his boss , which will not forgive Manni , for not having money on time.The movie starts out with one scenario , which she starts out by hanging up her phone thinking where to start to get the money . After she leaves she passes the roommate , the dog , nuns , an old lady , and the biker . Getting to her destination everything fails and the story fades away with her and Manni talking . Then the story starts all over again.The movie plays out three different outcomes in Lola 's life . The title Run Lola Run is the perfect name for this incredible movie . Lola is running through her life the entire time to save her boyfriend.There are not too many movies like this movie . This movie is very unique in its own ways .
 Think in this simple proposal
 Lola receives a frantic phone call from her boyfriend Manni who lost a small fortune . Now it 's up to Lola to retrieve the money somehow.A fast-paced , edge-of-your-seat adventure ; `` Run Lola Run '' is like Viagra for the eyeballs . There are two alternative endings built right into the movie to show different outlooks , and if there were no extra endings the movie would be like 30 minutes long .
 Watching an European film shows an abismal difference when compared with Hollywoodesque movies . This one is fast paced , exciting and surprising . You must see it .
 If you can understand the German dialogue then buy this cool German Dvd it also has english . . I had no problems playing it on my Dvd player ! I would Recommend this cool hard to explain type of flick but it is really a shock in your face movie
 This film was simply amazing . The suspense is both surreal and totally real . The techno soundtrack is a seemless part of the story . Lola is both sexy and liberating . A truely stunning german film .
 This is an amazing film . Very German . I also highly recommend the soundtrack -LRB- which is even better if you drive a German car -RRB- . This is a great film to watch over and over again . It 's also really good to show to a friend whose never seen it before ... The quality of the sound is very good ; and the commentary track is enjoyable .
 What can you say about this creative and exciting movie?I was enthralled from the start . I have to put it in my top tenlist perhaps of all time?Everything about it was awesome and unpredictable -LRB- I hate Hollywoood predictable trash that is pumped out for the mindless masses whe drone in line like helpless sheep -RRB- . I ordered the cool soudtrack also .
 Besides having great camera angles , and an original techno music it explains life and the concept of pre - destination , that we ca n't control opur lives . The time period is re runned three times , and in each time something trivial happens to Lola , in this case falling down , getting scared and jumping , and that trivial event changes her life , and the life of strangers -LRB- which very cleverly the director portrays as she runs -RRB- Well it is a movie definately worth seeing , hearing and thinking about .
 I just had the pleasure of renting and watching this movie on DVD . What makes this film great is basically the hip , stylistic camera work . It had the style of a short film but was carried wonderfully into a simple yet engrossing feature length film . Throughout the film the director plays little head games with the viewer by starting the story over but it never gets confusing or boring . Some may say that this is a film directed to the dumbed down `` MTV Generation '' but what i saw was just a hip , entertaining movie . The english dub on the DVD is my only minor complaint . The english language track seemed to be a little less offensive making the film lose a little of its intended edge . This is a very well done german film with a great soundtrack that should n't be missed .
 This is the greatest film out of Germany - BOTTOM LINE ! This film is already making it 's way to the top of my favorite films ever list . Franka Potente gives a heart stopping performance as Lola and does n't stop till the bitter end . Kudos to Tom Twyker , he has done it again . If you havent seen this movie-SEE IT NOW ! i promise you , you have never seen a better piece of German Cinema ever ! Best movie of the year !
 Great ! A cool ` Goundhog Day ' meets ` Sprockets ' . But not to be misleading , this is not a comedy ; this is a serious German art film . Excellent techo soundtrack . . a little repetitive , but that keeps it in theme with the movie .
 `` Most German film critics did not valorize as a fresh idea the concept that the decisions we make in life , no matter how minute , have snowball effects on the rest of our lives -LRB- and on the lives of those crossing our path -RRB- . '' -LRB- Unknown -RRB- Though I wish I had said this line it is not mine , but what a way to express the underlying theme of this film . On top of that , it is wildly entertaining showing the hot fashion and music of this Berlin crowd . So while we may not have the opportunity to replay situations in our own lives , it should be remembered that every action we take can drastically effect the next and the next and the next ...
 This movie was just way too much fun!This film owes a deliciously quirky debt to Chaos Theory and Quantum Mechanics . Chaos Theory includes the Butterfly Effect which describes causal equations whose outcome are susceptible to very fine changes of input . -LRB- e.g. the air currents stirred by a butterfly flapping its wings in Brazil starts a chain of atmospheric changes that effect whether or not it rains in New York . -RRB- In quantum mechanics , the Many Worlds Theory explains temporal paradoxes by proposing that for every possible variation of every event , a parallel universe is spawned which continues a particular chain of events.Our butterfly Lola flaps her wings over here and people meet , get married , age , and die over there . She flaps her wings a little differently and cars crash , people fight , Manni lives.The story is propelled by a brilliant pulse-quickening techno-dance soundtrack produced in part by the director . The movie , as a whole , works , hurling the audience towards the mutable , uncertain conclusion.Unfortunately , all is not perfect . The dubbed English dialog , at best , features uninspired performances and , at worst , completely discolors the movie . Fortunately , the art shines through this detracting artifact and the film still rates a `` five . ''
 Jean-Paul Sartre preferred the movie above all other art forms because of this medium 's ability to express temporal movement . Run Lola Run is clearly a postmodern expression of this temporality ; the positivist notion of a universally-accessible , knowable universe is up for grabs ; as well as the secular question of fate to boot ! All under 2 hours ! With minimal dialogue , this is a philosophically astute piece of work.I was unprepared for this movie
 This film is one of the best films I have seen , in many ways , you ca n't describe it , but it is fast-paced and you will not be bored . The German language in the movie actually adds to the movie , it would not be so good if it was in English . This movie is so innovative . 5 stars from me .
 In this film , the director , Tom Tykwer challenges to Hollywood movies , which is to break the female role . In `` Run Lola Run '' , Lola is a hero . Making a heroin into a hero is the new way . Also , how Lola dresses is challenging to the cinematic male gaze . The typical Hollywood heroin is skinny , having a long hair , wearing high heels and smiling . However , Lora does n't have any of these elements . Tywker 's challenge leaves us a question . Is Lora a hero all the way in the film ? Although Lola is trying to be a hero to save Manni , Tykwer makes the last scene close to what traditional endings in Hollywood movies . The close up shot of Lola and Minni holding hands is ironic because it seems like it is a happy ending . This ending asks audiences that `` Is Lola really happy ? '' . Lola wants to save Manni but he solves the problem himself . Even though Lola breaks the gender role , her lover Manni is in control of a situation.However , by making the ironic ending , the third part is stood out from first two parts . The third part is more realistic than other two parts because Lora 's situation is similar to what female positions in Hollywood and everyday lives . Therefore , I think Tykwer is asking that how we think about Lora 's situation which is familiar to us .
 Run Lola Run , directed by Tom Tykwer , confronts stereotypes produced by Hollywood , with its unique graphic and audial representation as well as plot technique . Lola , our heroine , has 20 minutes to reach boyfriend Mani with a replacment for the money which he has been placed in charge of and lost . Lola is far from our average American female lead . Her hair is bright red , she 's loud , and is imbued with superhuman powers . Not only is she able to sprint all-out for thirty minutes , she also is able to make it accross Berlin in this amount of time , and appears briefly as a cartoon character . Despite all this , in all of the scenarios , Lola never succeeds . Tykwer employs the use of three different senarios that play upon the butterfly effect and illustrate situations that Lola may or may not have experienced on her journey to Mani . The film is very contrary to stereotypes perpetuated by American cinema . Lola is everything but a heroine ; she does not possess extraordinary beauty , has no control over her situation , and is unable to succeed in any area of her life it seems . She is unemployed -LRB- depicted by her low quality clothing -RRB- and so is her boyfriend Mani , apparently.Tykwer 's use of unusual graphic depiction -LRB- cartoons -RRB- , techno ambience -LRB- created by the musical track , which does not allow the viewer to rest -RRB- , and portrayal of Lola as the anti-heroine all create such an unrealistic combination as to contrast and expose the lack of reality in traditional female heroines and movies.The original tital Lola Rennt -LRB- Lola Runs -RRB- , was translated into Run Lola Run . Lola , who was originally running of her own volition , is now being told to run , presumably by Mani , a source of patriarchy in Lola 's life . Lola runs to her father in the scenarios , requesting money from him . She represents the low class female , seeking help from the privileged , wealthy patriarchy . In one scenario , Lola dies , leaving Mani to gaze upon her devastated , unattractive body . Mani comments upon her appearance , leaving Lola once again in the role of the surveyed . In the final scenario , Lola comes to the rescue only to find that Mani has solved his problem , and that her help was unneccesary . Where before Lola has taken charge and responsibility , she is now powerless and useless , again in contrast to the heroine stereotype . The film closes with this thought and is emphasized by the shot of Mani and Lola interlocking hands . Lola is no longer seperate , equal , or powerful , and Mani does not need her .
 filled with fast paced camera work blended together with the racing of Franka Potente 's movement . exciting and bloody great . a must see for anyone . one of the best movies of 1999
 This is an edge of your sit thriller . I almost dropped my pop corn . A okay with me .
 One story with three different endings almost as bizarre as the next with a pulse racing soundtrack . Franka Potente gives a riveting performance and her screams can shatter glass . One of Europe 's more brillian entrees from director Tom Twyker . Strangely , the soundtrack and the movie as just inseparable . Without the music , it would be just a good movie . With it , it is defying imagination . A must see . After you see her in the Bourne Identity , you 'll want to see why Matt Damon refused the role unless Franka Potente got the part . You might have been a little disappointed in the Bourne Identity 's near lack of believeable story , but you wo n't be in Run Lola Run . ... And , she did it way better than Forest . :-RRB- - Felecia Constance Rowe , Chairwoman , Felecia Constance Rowe , Inc. .
 this movie is simply the best i have ever seen . i am very into film , but this is simply great because of its wonderful story line , a great art direction , and wonderful camera work ... all out A + + + + movie ... everyone should have it !
 There are some movies which you need to see more than once to really know how much you liked it . Sometimes there is so much going on that seeing it for the second time ties it together for you . Some of the movies that come to mind are Magnolia , the usual suspects , etc. . Run Lola Run is also one of those movies . I cant believe any one would give it a bad review or say it was boring . Its a great fast paced movie and the plot is not that far fetched to understand . The repetitive scenes are forgivable and needed at the risk of loosing the reality of the movie and with such a good soundtrack , its not painstaking to sit through a few seconds of repetition . Every person I have turned on to this movie loved it ! I suggest you see it twice at least .
 I have watched many foreign movies , & this would have to be one of the very best I have ever seen . The music is fast and suits the movie perfectly . The whole movie is shot from wierd angles , like in a music video . Overall , its well written , funny , spine-tingling , fast-paced , and highly unpredictable . I especially likes the `` And then ... '' parts in the movie , which show you what happens to some of the people that Lola encounters.The one and only thing I can say that I did n't like about this movie was that it was way too short .
 I saw the VHS version , which led me to Amazon to check for the existence of a DVD version . This is a must own . I ca n't wait for my copy to arrive . Fast-paced , amazing soundtrack , beautiful , touching premise , this movie had it all ...
 The film RUN LOLA RUN starring Franka Potente , Moritz Bleibtreu , Herbert Knaup and Armin Rhode and directed by Tom Tykwer is my favorite film that I have ever seen . Some of it 's outstanding features are it 's wild cinematography , flashy editing and high-tech techno-pop album.Lola is a young hip punk with some serious bright-red hair who smokes and uses her moped to go around and do tasks for her amateur gangster boyfriend , Manni . One day as Lola stops at a liquer store to buy some cigarettes , some idiot steals her transportation and therefor is unable to pick up Manni outside the border from a drug deal . After waiting a while , he takes the subway home but realizing he had forgot the bag on the seat . So Manni calls Lola begging her ta help him before his boss will find that he had bothed the trade . Lola has twenty minutes to find 100,000 DM and deliver it to him before he is penalized.Riveting , heart pounding , flashy concept film ! A must see ! 1998/81 minutes/Rated R , for language and some violence .
 There are already enough reviews of the excellent film and the acting Franka Potente , so I 'm going to focus on the DVD itself.And that said , this is a DVD that is worth owning . The transfer is of very high quality . And considering that the film is running at such a fast pace with images being thrown in and out of the camera 's view , the high quality transfer really is essential to the film . Even if the film was bad -LRB- and I think the other reviews can convince you that it is n't -RRB- , the transfer is done so well that it allows you to marvel at the wonders of DVD -LRB- and make you happy that you have n't used that old VCR in quite some time -RRB- . But the transfer quality pales in comparison to the sound in Run Lola Run . And whomever made Run Lola Run onto DVD was kind enough to take into consideration that not everybody has a full surround sound setup just yet . So the film is made in both 2.0 and 5.1 for both English and German . It 's amazing how many films do n't do this . The 2.0 sound is actually good enough to sound better than some poorly made DVD 's with 5.1 . But Run Lola Run 's 5.1 sound is excellent . I 'd imagine you 'd have to be a fan of the techno beats in Run Lola Run to really appreciate it , but if you 're at least a little bit into the music , you 'll love being right in the middle of the sound as it does take advantage of the rear speakers quite a bit . I 'd strongly recomend using the subtitles and listening to the German 5.1 over the English 5.1 . The English 5.1 sounds just fine , but the German is clearly better.The special features are good , but not great . The commentary with director Tykwer and Potente is better than most . At least it is for an American not fully familiar with German cinema -- the commentary gives you some insight as to how films are made on the other side of the pond . The music video is neat , but I ca n't imagine watching it more than a couple of times.When my friends look at my collection of DVD 's and ask me why I 'm `` wasting '' my money on them when I have several of the movies on tape , Run Lola Run is one of the DVD 's that I 'll pop in to show them what DVD can really do . A strongly recommended purchase -- especially for those who own high quality systems .
 This movie is pure genius and as such will not appeal to everyone . The driving force of this movie is choices . Little choices and big choices can have untold effects on one 's life and the lives of others . That is what this movie is about.To get these ideas across , we meet Lola and her current boyfriend . They are shady characters in that they are involved in illegal activities . Lola is the real thinker and the one who maintains control . Lola is late and the boyfriend gets in trouble . He gets scared and loses the money he is supposed to deliver to a drug lord . He has twenty minutes until delivery time . He turns to Lola . She has twenty minutes to come up with the money and get to him.Lola runs . She runs and runs . Her mind races for solutions even as her feet race across the city . She interacts with a number of characters . Some of these are affected by her and we get glimpses of their futures . There are two pauses in the film where Lola and her boyfriend are discussing important issues . In the first , Lola asks if he loves her . In the second he asks what she would do if he dies . While these at first seem strange ways of dividing the film 's three separate sections , they give great insight into the characters.As the film progresses , we also get to see what can happen when some of the choices that were made are changed . What new paths can occur . Who get affected . All in all , it is simply brilliant .
 I have always tried very hard not to say a movie was awesome , but I feel compelled to say that this German gem from 1999 is as awesome as awesome can be . I 've never seen anything like Run , Lola , Run ; it 's a film that does n't sound as if it should really work , yet its presentation is dazzling and mesmerizing . Franka Potente gives an incredible performance , her talents as visible as her bright pink hair . There 's nothing misleading about the title . Lola runs and runs some more ; Franka Potente could probably have tried out for the German Olympic team after all the running she had to do here.The strengths of this movie are its unique vision , stunning cinematography , and pulse-pounding soundtrack , but here 's a breakdown of the plot . Lola -LRB- Potente -RRB- and Manni -LRB- Moritz Bleibtreu -RRB- are in love , and like most couples in love we find the man doing something really stupid and blaming the woman . Manni does a little work for a mafia-type fellow , and his latest job involves the delivery of one hundred thousand marks to his boss . Lola was supposed to meet him in town , but she was late , and Manni ended up accidentally -LRB- yet still very stupidly -RRB- leaving his bag o ' cash on a train for a bum to pick up and run off with . Now he has twenty minutes to come up with one hundred thousand marks before having to face Mr. Big . Lola was late because her bike was stolen , yet of course the whole mess is her fault , according to Manni . I 'll cut the guy some slack here , though ; knowing you are about to be rubbed out tends to put a little stress on the system . Lola takes off , trying to come up with the money and get it to Manni before the top of the hour . Lest you think the film can not last longer than thirty minutes tops , just know that there is something a little bit different about Lola ; the old saw `` if you do n't succeed , try , try again '' takes on special meaning with this girl , and the transitions of what might be considered silly by some are handled very , very well.Run , Lola , Run does much to show us how our decisions impact both ourselves and those around us , even strangers , in a big , big way . The movie provides us with a quick series of revealing snapshots of the future lives of several individuals who cross Lola 's path , and it is really quite fascinating to see how these peeks at the future differ under slightly different circumstances . One may not be able to say that fate is kind or unkind , but she -LRB- fate -RRB- is certainly capricious . Irony abounds here , just as in life . The visual presentation of this film is just stunning , combining all sorts of illustrative elements . There is an animation sequence that mimics part of Lola 's run , split screen shots of two scenes at once , and almost dizzying camera pans that do indeed compare with a lot of the elements of music videos . The whole movie is also infused with a powerful , beating soundtrack -LRB- a significant portion of which is provided by Franka Potente herself -RRB- that never allows the viewer to take a breath ; there is very little danger of your nodding off while watching this cinematic masterpiece . Voted the best film by the audience at the Sundance Film Festival of 1999 , Run , Lola , Run is a visionary piece of cinematic art that every lover of good movies should see .
 lets get this straight this is a great movieI first went to see this film at a special screening at our universities cinema and i did have some doubts about it before hand.But it was the definate highlight of the night.I wo n't say anything about the plot as 1 . a lot has already been said by other reviewers .2 . I think its best to watch this film without any preconceptions about what is going to happen.The DVD itself is a good package and the extras are quite good particulaly the music video !! -LRB- especialy compared to the british edition of the film -RRB- However one word of warningPlease Please do not watch this film in the dubbed american.For goodness sake leave it in its original german format and read the subtitles . unless you want to be overcome with either laughter or extreme rage at how the dubbing has spoiled the original dialogue/monologuesreading the subtitles really does not detract from the films brillianceand in fact i belive that it enhances the experiancefinally it can only be said BUY this film !!! IT IS GOOD
 I see hundreds of movies a year , but somehow , I had managed to miss RUN LOLA RUN until the first week in August , 2005 . YEARS after the film had come out , and years after imitators had their shots at ruining the style -LRB- like imitators of PULP FICTION kinda cheapened that whole genre -RRB- . Not to fear ... this film is a kick of PURE ENERGY !! I felt honest-to-God jazzed watching this movie . Originality and ENERGY pop off the screen . Basically , we 're watching three little movies ... each of the same scenario , but playing out in different ways . We see how one or two tiny little changes early on can snowball into HUGE changes once the story reaches its end . Lola has to come up with a HUGE pile of money in 20 minutes flat , or her boyfriend will either be killed by a mobster , or take the foolish step of holding up a grocery store for the cash . Can she `` fix '' his problem in time ? That 's about the plot ... but this summary tells you NOTHING about how this film feels.I 'm a 41 year old man . Not the target audience . I do n't listen to the kind of music played here -LRB- techno ... for lack of a better word -RRB- . I speak some German , but not enough that I did n't have to read the subtitles . I always look for holes in the plot of films . I 'm always skeptical of `` artiness for its own sake . '' And yet , while the film is `` artful , '' I thought it was a perfect blending of a filmmaking style with a story-telling intent . Lola is under a deadline ... and everything reminds us of that . The pulsing , repetitive score ... the fast camera work ... the color choices ... everything.But the best part of all is Franke Potente , the star of the film . US audiences know her from the `` girlfriend '' role in BOURNE IDENTITY ... and she was the best cast part of the film ... she seemed real , smart , sexy , foreign and fully-realized . In RUN LOLA RUN , she shows why an American director casting a big-budget American film would have gone with her ... she 's GREAT ! The film spends many minutes focused just on Lola running . From the side , from head-on ... we see her run , run , run . Red/pink hair sailing wildly behind . Her face is a masterpiece ... at one moment she 's got fear , intelligence , determination and exhaustion etched there . She 's very young , and in over her head ... but we immediately want her to succeed as much as SHE wants to succeed . It 's a riveting performance in a film full of fun ideas.If I sit back and think about it ... I realize that what Lola is running for is to save a criminal boyfriend -LRB- who 's also stupid and a bit of a whiner -RRB- , and that performing criminal acts is not beyond her either . Most of the characters she encounters along her way -LRB- especially her father and his mistress -RRB- , are quite unlikeable too . From a surface level , we should have NO business getting behind these schmucks . But Lola 's ferocity is an undeniable magnet . And the film moves WAY too fast to do anything but leave you breathless.It 's rated `` R , '' mostly for some strong language , and for some unsavory scenes with the father and mistress . I do n't recommend it by any stretch for kids ... but I suggested it to my 17 year old son , and he loved it . He 's showing it to his friends . It 's a COOL movie ... simply put . It deserves all the accolades that have come its way .
 1999 was a good year for the movies . The Sixth Sense , the Blair Witch Project , American Beauty . Oh , yes , there was this little German film that few had heard of before the Sundance festival
 This was a very interesting movie . Filmed in three parts , each section is divided by a bedroom conversation between the two main characters . Each conversation brings forth a different perspective and outcome to the current situation they are dealing with . What this movie was telling me , that if you listen with deeper understanding , you will get it right the first time . . only this was portrayed in reverse . Very enjoyable .
 Run Lola run is a foreign film -LRB- German with English subtitles -RRB- that has much mainstream appeal . Without giving away too much the story revolves around Lola and her Boyfriend -LRB- Manni -RRB- in a bid to get 100,000 Marks in 20 minutes to save Manni from a rather unpleasant encounter with some thugs . The film moves at a fast pace as it replays the same 20 minutes over and over each showing how actions even trivial ones may have a profound effects on others . For example in one running Lola bumps into a woman and that triggers a series of events that causes the woman to lose her child to protective services which leads her to kidnap a baby . In another running she merely brushes past the woman and the woman ends up winning the lottery and lives happily ever after.Far from being bored with the replaying of the 20 minutes the move keeps your attention as you watch for the discrepancies between the runs . You find yourself asking was that element in the previous run ? Why is that person walking there ? Do they have a part in a future running ? Just when you think you know everything about the runs the final run still has eye openers ... The DVD has an English soundtrack that almost makes you feel that your not watching a foreign language film at all with the action and the sound track being so in sync .
 `` Run , Lola , Run , '' starring Franka Potente as the flaming redhead Lola , is guaranteed classic cult film status for years to come . Lola lights up the screen in this German film which features creative cinematography and near-perfect editing , combining cinema verit&eacute; and animation . Tom Tykwer shows brilliance as the film 's director ; his use of close-ups of these not-perfect faces is exceptional . `` Lola '' is a film that one can enjoy watching over and over again , so it is a worthwhile addition to a DVD collection . As someone who primarily enjoys classical music and opera , I was thrilled by the techno-trance music of the film 's soundtrack . I recommend that viewers watch this film in the German version , with the English subtitles , because it is very easy to understand the film this way and adds to its authenticity . And it only gets better . The movie is told in three segments , each with different aspects and outcomes . Overall , this is definitely one of those films that gets better each time you watch it , a totally original , undiscovered treasure .
 ~ Ok , I wanted to write a long review for this movie -LRB- becuz its just the best movie made in like ... forever -RRB- but I will just give you a quick idea of the plot so you can read it fast and then buy this amazing movie ! xoLola 's boyfriend Manni has left 100,000 marks on a subway , and he 'll be dead if he does n't get it to his gangster boss in 20 minutes ! Its a good thing for him that he has a strong woman behind him . With her fire engine red hair , Lola is so powerful that she breaks glass when she screams , she can heal the dying , and she wo n't even let the movie end until everything in her life is right.This film is refreshingly feminist foward , in that the leading actor is a woman who is in flux and must `` save the day '' . The whole plot and story line depend on the actions of this 20 ~ something punky woman . This edge of your seat , heart stopping adventure draws you in by letting you know that it could be you up there running to help your boy/girlfriend . Also , this film puts the ART back in Arthouse with its punk rock style , its multiple outcomes and a ` choose your own adventure ' ending style . How many ways can one major screw up end up ? Will Lola and Manni live happily ever after ? Will there be laughter or tears ? Hmmmm.Director Tykwer has fashioned a massively impressive , music video styled film that also stops long enough to enrich each character , adding layers as the story is revisited . He also relentlessly toys with the medium , including giving flash-forward life-stories to mere extras -LRB- very humorous and witty -RRB- and running the credits backward . Tremendous fun , hugely entertaining . Only Grinches and prunes will not fall madly in love with this witty , fast paced winner ! Run , and I mean RUN ! to the Check out with this film ! -LRB- tee-hee -RRB-
 I have not watched a lot of foreign films so I thought I 'd grab Run Lola , Run . It 's a surreal film in a lot of ways . Even before we get to the star crossed lovers who get in over their heads with a fencing mob operation , the film wobbles through crowds of people asking about Man , the way he questions , the answers leading to more questions , in a circular philosophy.The camera focuses on a few of the people who will later play larger roles later in the film . Finally , a security guard says `` Scheisse '' happens and kicks a soccer ball high in the air!We fly with the ball , and then come down to Lola 's world . As you 've read in other reviews and synopses , it 's basically about Lola 's boyfriend , who explains that during a fencing operation with some diamonds , he sold the diamonds to a fence for 100,000 Marks , and now he only has twenty minutes before meeting the mob boss who will kill Manni -LRB- her boyfriend -RRB- when the boss finds out Manni lost the money on the subway . `` And it 's all your fault for being late ! '' he yells at her which was really not fair , being the irresponsible dork that he really is . But I digress!Hitchcock has always said that rather than having a bunch of talking heads in a film , that one should use the cinema as a way of communicating -LRB- or words to that effect -RRB- and Lola definitely delivers.First , Lola actually has a power or two . First , she can run for miles without being hardly out of breath . And two , she can scream with such intensity that she can break glass.There are actually three scenarios or 20 minute clips that show the various fates of Lola and the people she runs across.In the first one , she screams and shatters mirrors ! Then she throws the phone up in the air and it lands flawlessly on the phone cradle . Then she runs ! There is some animation in here too as well as some cool electronic music to keep us moving . A few seconds difference in running into a neighbor 's dog makes a woman who was delayed by this now win the lottery . Makes a bike thief become a bum . And so on!Manni wants to rob a store to get the money . Lola fails with her cheating father and helps Manni rob the store . She comes to a bad end.In the second one , much as the first , she throws the phone into the air , lands flawlessly on the cradle , but this time -LRB- to make a long story short -RRB- Manni meets an untimely fate.In the third one , when all parties are more or less behaving themselves and are doing good for others , things turn out the best . At least for Lola and Manni.The DVD has French and English subtitles if you want , as well as voice-over English and French . I chose the English and it went quite smoothly.Interesting too that the credits roll UP as opposed to American films rolling down . Wild stuff . Understandable why this film won the Audience Award at the 1999 Sundance Film Festival.So run , do not walk , to your favorite DVD store and pick this up!Other Franka Potente -LRB- Lola -RRB- Films : The Princess and the WarriorCreepBourne Identity -LRB- Single-Disc Blu-ray/DVD Combo -RRB-
 Most of the movies I buy from Amazon are sale priced gems I 've seen already . They 're additions to a burgeoning home library . As I add additions I screen them to make sure the DVD plays properly . In this instance I screened the movie for co-workers during lunch and dinner breaks . `` Lola '' was well received by those who had not seen it before . I think it 's a terrific example of an alternative -LRB- foreign or otherwise -RRB- to mega budget -LRB- or even mid to low budget fodder -RRB- movies especially those with huge stars , and an over abundance of special effects , which play as if they were written for and by marketing robots.If you can get `` Lola '' on sale do check it out
 Run Lola Run is a superb movie . It 's pretty much one of those movies you MUST see in your lifetime . If you are a fan of the Simpsons , you will have noticed that there was even a reference to Run Lola Run in an episode with Lisa and her robot , Linguo . It 's simply an amazing movie that everyone knows about . there are many cool aspects to the movie
 If you are like me , you are probably sick and tired of all the crap that Hollywood throws out year to year . There is no originality left in Hollywood , rather just conventionality . Most movies today are cycling through the same themes , plots , motifs , and archetypes of yesterday 's movies . The German film Run Lola Run , however , has taken an original approach , separating it from the common Hollywood movie.First , in the movie you are shown three different scenarios with 3 very different outcomes . The idea the director plays on is that acting different in any one point in one 's life can lead to startling outcomes - that every act is important and has its effect . In the movie , Lola , the main character , has twenty minutes to get her boyfriend a hundred thousand dollars cash , otherwise he will be killed . Acting slightly different each time she brings about shocking outcomes for both herself and her boyfriend . Hollywood movies on the other hand , will stick to one scenario , showing you how events would occur in one perspective . In reality , things never work out as well as they do in the movies . Hollywood will never account for life 's many obstacles . Furthermore , the one-perspective - Hollywood-movie is usually the same perspective as all other movies from the past and present.Aside from the three-scenario plot , the movie also incorporates deep symbolism , which can not be found in Hollywood . No matter how many times you watch this movie you can find more symbolism . For example , in the scenario where Lola is killed , many items are noticeably red , such as the color of her hair . In another scenario , when her boyfriend is killed , many items are noticeably yellow , like the color of his hair . Dissecting more of the movie , you find more and more symbolism in everything from names , to the moneybags , to the use of green as a symbol for money . By contrast , in the typical Hollywood movie you are hard pressed to find just a few symbols.Finally , the movie leaves the audience in a state of inquiry . You question whether it is better to make decisions based on intuition rather than reason . You question the merit of reincarnation . You question whether someone can will something to happen . Most Hollywood movies leave you with the typical happy ending , all questions answered . The whole reason writers write is to force you to examine a theme . Walking out of a Hollywood movie you are not forced to think about some aspect of life or human behavior . More often than not , the only question you are looking to answer is why did I watch this?In my personal opinion , the movie Run Lola Run is an original movie , surpassing the typical Hollywood film . The movie gathers a wide fan base because of its unique plot setup , its hefty and intricate use of symbolism , and its ability to leave the audience in a deep state of inquiry . I recommend that anyone seventeen years and older go see this movie -LRB- the movie is rated `` R '' -RRB- . If you want to get the most out of this movie watch it as many times as you can ...
 Turn on your TV and buckle up for an exhilarating 80-minute ride . From the get-go , this film literally runs and barely pauses to take a breath . Take your eyes off the screen and you may miss a fast-paced sequence of snapshots that tells you the future of certain minor characters . Run to the kitchen for a glass of water and you 've missed an entire scene.But you wo n't want to take your eyes off this taut , fast-paced drama . Lola has just been told that her boyfriend Manni , an aspiring drug dealer , has lost 100,000 marks on the subway . She has 20 minutes to get together the money , or Manni will be killed by his new boss . How ? Where ? From whom ? Down the steps , out the door , Lola runs , and runs . After 20 minutes , we 've seen an entire film . But wait ... you do n't like the ending ? Roll back the clock and we 'll do it differently . Still do n't like it ? Give Tykwer another 20 minutes and he 'll do it again.The point , of course , is that our lives are not entirely our own
 This movie is amazing and stunning . Everything is so great , including the music . It 's the movie that nobody should miss in his/her life .
 Manni has lost 100 000 deutschemarks that he owes to a diamond-smuggling gangster he is meeting in 20 minutes . The titular Lola is Manni 's girlfriend , whom he calls for help when he realises the money is missing . Lola sets off on a frantic run through the streets of Berlin to try and extract the money from her father , a banker , before Manni gets desperate and holds up a grocery store for the funds . However , such a bare-bones description does not do justice to this hyperkinetic , immensely enjoyable film.Since Lola only has only 20 minutes , and the film is 80 minutes , it 's not giving away the plot to say that the race to get the funds happens 3 times - the first 2 end in disaster , so she has to try , try again . I 'll leave for you to discover how it turns out the third time . Between these action sequences are surprisingly effective hallucinatory dialogues between Lola and Manni , and you develop a sense of their relationship . This kind of gimmick has been used before -LRB- the most recent that I 've seen being Groundhog Day -RRB- , but this is the most enjoyable rendition I 've seen . It 's unclear if this is the same Lola or an alternate universe . The movie wisely steers clear of such metaphysical questions , and you accept the story 's reality -LRB- much as you accept the reality of `` The Matrix '' -RRB- because it is self-consistent and the actors are so convincing.It 's not perfect - there are too many gimmicks in the title sequence that you almost get annoyed enough to look negatively at the rest of the film . However , there 's something beautiful about Lola 's run , much like watching an Olympic long-distance race . With bright red hair flapping in the breeze , arms pumping , you ca n't help but admire the energy she has , even while faintly disbelieving that a smoker could maintain such a pace for 20 minutes . It 's good that it is enjoyable , because a good 1/3 of the movie is simply watching her run!The DVD has the typical extras , including an English commentary -LRB- by the director and the actress that played Lola -RRB- for the Region 1 encoded discs . There are some neat gems in the commenary , explaining things that would be familiar to German moviegoers -LRB- the identities of certain actors , for instance -RRB- but not to American ones . These are minutae , however , that you do n't need to enjoy the film . It 's a credit to the filmaker that the film is so universal that it can be enjoyed by any audience .
 I have to worn you - this film is not for everyone ! Subtitled version of the movie gives you better , much better understanding of it . And trust me , after few minutes , you forget that you are reading subtitles ... This film starts from very begining with particular speed already in it , as soon , as you peak it up ... it does n't stop . Few times it does slow down a little ... but it is only to catch some air ... so it can run faster . Lola get a phone call from her boyfriend ... he is in big troubles ! A bag with 100.000 marks gone ... he has 20 minutes to get the money ... or he is dead ! Her bike was stolen ... she has to run to get there in time ... and find the way to find the money ! That is why she is running , no other choice ?! But no matter , what she does ... somebody dies . And she has to start it again ... and again ... untill she get it right . -LRB- I wish , the real life will give us as many chances ... but it never happens ??! -RRB- . Cinematography on highest level ! Speed of the movie keeps you on adrenalin level of reality - you forget , this is only a movie . I found myself on the feet few time ... with only 3 words coming out of my mouth
 The Film : Positively unique . While I see parallels between Run Lola Run and its 1999 counterpart , Fight Club , the instances are only fleeting and probably have more to do with the fact that I saw the two films shortly after one another than they do with actual similarities . Or perhaps it 's how both films have taken a novel idea and let it run its course , flaws and all , producing something that 's much stronger when all 's said and done.If the stranger who brushed past you this morning had walked an extra couple inches to their left , what kind of an effect do you think it might have had on the rest of your life ? If the film is to be trusted , a bit more than you 'd think . One woman , mere scenery in any other film , goes from lotto winner to baby stealer to bible pusher after her chance meetings with Lola . And that 's where the real strength lies here . More than anything else , Run is a story about everyday lives , and how conceivably miniscule changes can alter an entire lifetime . Despite the imaginative camera angles and Quentin Tarantino meets Guy Ritchie storyline , the real focus of the movie is the interaction with the regular Joe , and the ultimate result of that interaction.Sure , there are some scenes I 'd have done differently . But like they say , hindsight is 20 / 20 and everybody 's the world 's finest director from their couch -LRB- or , in this case , from behind their monitors -RRB- . Some transitions are awkward , but the characters are there in full force , and the possibly-complicated plot is handled to perfection . Add to that the list of risky camera tricks that paid off in spades , and you 've got a healthy package . Highly Recommended .9 / 10DVD Extras : Not exactly a stack of bonus features , but those that are present really do pack a punch . First , and most notably , is the option to watch the film in English or original German with English subtitles ... which , if you 've ever heard the American voice actors , you 'll know is n't really that much of an option . Put plainly , the English dub blows . Go for German with the subtitles , and enjoy the original vocal inflections in all their glory.You also get a feature-length commentary from writer / director / producer Tom Tykwer and Lola herself , actress Franka Potente . This one 's a real goldmine , if you 're into insightful audio commentary , as the two reveal bits and pieces the uneducated eye would have blown past without a second thought . Honestly , the definition of what a DVD commentary track should be.Finally , there are the prerequisite Theatrical Trailers , which are nothing extraordinary , and a music video from the picture 's phenomenal soundtrack . Again , nothing special ... mostly just Potente mouthing along to the words of one of the few songs with a vocal track , screaming , and looking a bit bizarre without the bright red hair . It 's no surprise the single never really shook the charts.Worth the extra bucks to pick up on DVD , without a doubt . Hell , they could 've just given it the German dub and I would 've been happy , but the audio commentary makes it all that much nicer .7 / 10
 I 'm going to keep this short and sweet
 This German masterpiece puts US films to shame . It 's like Sliding Doors for the rave set . Franka P. is totally awesome ! She should be eligible to compete for track events in Sydney :-RRB- This film is creative , innovative and totally rockin ' ! one of my favorites ! The fact that it is in German only makes it cooler . I 've seen it in subtitles AND dubbed and in it 's native tongue it 's SO much better!P.S . The soundtrack is awesome too , good to exercise to , but do not drive to it ! It causes speeding !
 It 's a pity that Hollywood can not produce films that rival foreign movies of the genre of Run Lola Run . It 's powerful soundtrack , the brilliant photography , witty direction and above all , fine pieces of acting , combines together to deliver a masterpiece.Run Lola Run is about the uncertainty in how things ` could have been ' had ` this ' happened . Upon viewing , one is immediately led to place themselves in the shoes of Lola , do n't be surprised if you find yourself screaming - ohh , I wish I had read the newspaper earlier in the morning , I would n't have missed out on the deal they had down at the Mall , ... or conversely , romantically recollecting - If I had n't missed the bus the day I met Jerry we would have never been such good friends , ... - everything that we do , our actions , even the subtlemost of events changes every following event - that is the main theme . The director does a brilliant work of explaining how every action shapes the future in a cleverly crafted movie with a very apt soundtrack . This is one movie you wo n't forget too soon , if you want to see a title with productive context , yet not drab as a documentary , or fast-paced and context-less as most Hollywood Action productions , watch this . It never drags even for a moment , provides the viewer with food for thought , while at the same time produce a brilliant work of visualizaion and above all , a novel and absorbing unpredictable storyline .
 Run Lola Run is Groundhog Day done right . What would you do if you only had twenty minutes to reset your life ? This film is a modern-day faery-tale retelling , embellishing on the `` three wishes '' motif.Everyone the psychically-powerful Lola meets has their fates changed by the encounter . I think the tragicomic effects of Lola are absolutely hilarious!The movie is very fast-paced -LRB- duh ! -RRB- with an excellent and oh ! - so-appropriate soundtrack . Cartoons are interspersed with the live-action bits which are all covered over by driving techno tunes and dotted with freeze-frame photography , creating a perfect panacea for the tv generation . And let 's face it , most of us belong to that generation , even if we 've traded in our tellies for the Internet ...
 1 . The most original directing I have seen in years . Oliver Stone tried to make this kind of movie when he made Natural Born Killers , but failed miserably . Tom Tykwer succeeds triumphantly .2 . One of the best soundtracks in film history . The next time you watch this -LRB- and believe me , you will want to watch it over and over -RRB- , just listen to the music , and watch the visuals - do n't pay attention to the dialogue . Amazing , is n't it ? 3 . Franka Potente is one of the most mezmerizing women I have ever seen on screen . You could watch this movie over and over and only look at her face the whole time .4 . This movie has the unique ability to make things that you might normally perceive as boring so hypnotic that you ca n't take your eyes off of it . For example , who would have that a running woman could be so interesting ? In the hands of Franka Potente and Tom Tykwer , it is absolutely riveting.For all these reasons and more , see this movie . I love this movie so much , and I 've probably seen it well over 10 times , but at the same time it 's hard to describe WHY I love it . I 've tried to do that here , but I really ca n't . You are just going to have to see it to believe it .
 `` Run Lola Run '' is beyond description . You just have to see it . Very fast paced and exciting , but a great sense of character development for such a short movie . This is one you will want to watch over and over again . Very well done , and the music is great .
 My only complaint about this movie ... it was too short . I could have watched another hour if the quality stayed the same . It was unfortunate that Run Lola Run did n't have move exposure in the US . It was the perfect fusion of form and function . I 'm not sure what played a more important role , the music , the story , or the red hair . They were all intertwined so perfectly that I found myself drawn in more than I 've found with almost any other movie.This movie is driven by a pulsating , drving beat . I found myself unable to keep from moving with it . But , it 's more than just a music video . The story behind this movie , similar to Sliding Doors , is one of `` What if ... '' It takes you through three different scenarios showing how everything is affected by everything else . The slightest change can cause an entire day to go differently for everyone . The metaphysical ramifications are astounding . The future 's not fixed . Our lives are n't predetermined . It 's also frightening . One small change can alter the entire course of history.Of course , this is completely unnecessary to enjoy the movie . What this movie lacks is tedium . It never lets you down and is always engaging . It also has very red hair .
 Wow ... this is less like watching a movie than it is experiencing a movie ... . This is one not to be missed ! and the DVD rocks , with the choice for subtitled or dubbed ... this is what DVD is great for , everyone is happy with one edition ... buy this DVD today !
 Some have remarked on the originality of the film 's concept . In fact , this is one of the science fiction genre 's more cliched premises . What makes it novel , perhaps , is that it 's applied to a non-science fiction setting . But , as interesting as the concept is , it does other films and television shows an injustice to regard _ Run Lola Run _ as an entire innovation.What separates _ Run Lola Run _ from other films is not the story itself so much as the way the story is told . Director Tom Tykwer is an auteur run amuck . From the opening sequence , we are completely at the mercy of Twyker 's powerful vision . _ Run Lola Run _ is the collision of German expressionism , Czech animation , and MTV . So much of this film is told though this blend of visual styles , in fact , that one could turn off the subtitles and understand most of what was going on.This is not to say that the film is a vacuous visual metaphor . Far from it . Tykwer has crafted a genuine story here , with a great moral center . It 's just that that morality is not exposed through pages of dialogue . Tykwer , instead , uses so many techniques , so well-edited together , that the characters are largely defined visually before you even know what 's happening.Clearly , this is a must-have film for anyone seriously interested in the craft of filmmaking . Not only will you learn a lot from the cacophony on display in the film itself , but the commentary -LRB- only in English -RRB- is especially enlightening . This is one of the very few secondary audio commentaries on DVD in which the lead actress plays a part , and her insight is invaluable . It 's extremely intriguing to hear scenes relived from both sides of the camera . More interestingly , though , Tykwer 's explanation of how he pulled off his vision is something that will energize even the most casual filmmaker .
 I loved the film . There is not much more that I can add to what has been already said of the content of the film by many of my co-reviewers . I had to say that the audio commentary by the film 's writer/director
 Loud enough to shatter glass.There are three keys to the success of this remarkable German language film -LRB- with English subtitles -RRB-
 This is never a dull moment in this movie . It looks and sounds great in Blu-ray as well .
 While the film is excellent and a worthwhile addition to nearly any library , I find it somewhat problematic that this release does not include subtitles in German . Seeing as those preparing this disk saw fit to include a wide array of subtitle options and spoken languages , it would seem natural to include subtitles for the language that the folks on screen are speaking . This is not a problem specific to this release , as the DVD version did the same thing , as do other German releases such as the excellent `` The Lives of Others '' DVD.All other aspects of this release are pretty spiffy , as the picture and sound quality is excellent , and the special features are interesting.This disk is surely worth picking up for cinema fans .
 A T.S. Eliot quote . A swinging pendulum and spinning hands on a monstrous clock . Countless faded figures moving quickly by.And in the center of the crush , a man in a cop uniform says -LRB- in German -RRB- , `` The ball is round . The game lasts 90 minutes . That 's a fact . Everything else is pure theory . '' He kicks it into the sky.Well , Tom Tykwer certainly knows how to get our attention . And it 's only a few minutes in the kinetic , high-octane , colourful world of `` Run Lola Run '' -- a wild action/romance that studies the ripple effect of our lives , and the changes we can make in the name of love.Lola -LRB- Franka Potente -RRB- receives a call from her boyfriend Manni -LRB- Moritz Bleibtreu -RRB- , a drug courier . Because Lola 's moped was stolen , Manni had to take the subway home -- and he accidentally left behind a bag of money . Now he has twenty minutes to somehow get 100,000 marks , or his boss Ronnie is going to kill him.Lola races across Berlin to her father 's bank -- only to find him with his mistress , and hear that he 's leaving his other family . Desperate , she runs to where Manni is waiting , and helps him rob a convenience store . But as they flee , the police catch up to them -- and Lola is shot . `` But I do n't want to . I do n't want to leave , '' she mutters . And time rewinds to where she left her apartment -- and this time , Lola 's determined to do things differently . As she runs from one end of Berlin to another , she sends ripples through the lives of those she passes -- and she 'll keep running until she finds a hundred thousand marks to save herself and Manni . `` Run Lola Run -LRB- Lola Rennt -RRB- '' was what propelled Tom Tykwer to international fame . And given that his other movies tend to be slower and more dreamlike -- though no less striking visually -- this movie is striking not only for its speed , but the sweet romance and the lesson about the old `` butterfly 's wings '' adage . -LRB- Also see
 This fast-paced film with an unusual narrative structure is an edgy , witty exploration of cause-and-effect , coincidence , and the proliferation of meaning . To say too much would be to spoil all the fun surprises . Just see it and enjoy !
 Tykwer created a cinematic monster when he shot Run Lola Run . The director had a limited budget and time , so the choice of shooting with a digital camera made this opus possible . Tykwer had limitless possibilities with this media , and made full use of the surreal capabilities of his camera . The viewer is dragged on a journey through time and space , and s/he is left wanting more . The simple intense dialogue grounds this film in its setting and the thumping techno beats of the soundtrack keeps the viewers heart racing . This film is not only useful for modern German cultural studies , it is ideal for the German language classroom . Run Lola Run is a memoir of a moment in history . The red haired heroine races to unite the once divided city of Berlin , and in doing so tries to find an identity for herself and the German people . Entertaining and heart wrenching , this film stands the test of time . Run Lola Run is a masterwork of post-unification German cinema . Whether it be the digital shots , the pulsing soundtrack , or the repeating storylines , this film takes the viewer on a journey that s/he will never forget .
 I do n't think this movie was really so much about the untypical heroine versus hero . I think it was more about the what-ifs situations.This movie is an interesting take on public perception with a heavy emphasis on the Butterfly effect . Lola has 20 minutes to produce 100,000 Marks or her boyfriend Manni gets killed . As she 's running through the streets of Berlin figuring out how to come up with the cash , she bumps into people along the way who see this red-headed stranger in a hurry . No one really knows why she 's in such a hurry nor is she aware of what 's going on in their lives . Lola bumps into a woman with a baby carriage ; what little importance she has for this woman as she struggles to save another life . The feelings are mutal from the woman , yet , three times we get a glimpse into her three possible futures . The uniqueness of the movie is depicted in three alternate endings based on different choices Lola makes in her desparation to get the cash for her boyfriend.Lola does n't make discoveries about people until she stops for more than a minute to realize what is going on around her , and vice versa . Had she never gone to her father for money , she never would have found out he was having an affair . Had she stopped to talk to the woman with the baby carriage she might have found out she was buying a lottery ticket she would later win or was beaten or which ever scenario panned out . But then she would have missed the chance to meet her father . Etc. . Etc. . Etc. . Questions leading to more questions to more questions.The butterfly effect is seen throughout the movie even in the beginning when Manni blames the loss of the money on Lola not showing up on time to pick him up after the drug deal which caused him to take the train to bump into the homeless man who distracted him from the sack of money he was supposed deliver and leaving it on the train . At first you scoff at the boyfriend 's irresponsibility for blaming Lola for his own mess up , but that 's where the butterfly effect really begins and , like it or not , Lola started it all.In the final scenario , Lola makes a different choice ... she stops running lon enought to spend a few minutes with a dying man in an ambulance as he recovers . In the end , the running was for nought . Her boyfriend ends up solving his own problem . Lola wass useful in one man 's life but useless in helping another . Is it all inconsequential ? Just a passer by ? Probably not.If you 're not into alternative films then this might not be for you . Even I was left a little confused . Yet , it 's a worthwhile movie taking on a curious angle on how in some form or another our actions affect others just in the nature of our being .
 Wird sie es schaffen ? In diesem tollen Film haben wir Lola , rothaerrig und laut . Frueher im Tag wurde ihr Rad geklaut und deshalb konnte sie ihren festen Freund , Manni nicht abholen.Manni hatte DM 100.000 in einer U-Bahn verloren . Ein Penner hat das Geld jetzt aber Manni hat gar keine Ahnung , wo er ist . Jetzt kommt ein Mann fuers Geld . Wenn Manni es nicht hat , wird er erschossen werden . Er hat zwanzig Minuten aber kein Geld.Am Anfang des Filmes sehen wir ein Telefongespraech zwischen Manni und Lola . Sie verspricht , in 20 Minuten da zu sein und mit dem Geld . Wie , weiss sie noch nicht . Sie legt auf und beginnt , dahin zu rennen.Der Film gibt uns drei moegliche Endungen . Jede ist ganz anders . Es kommt darauf an , wie schnell sie ist , mit wem sie spricht , und wann . Ihr Vater , ein Mann in einem Auto , und sogar ein Junge mit Hund auf der Treppe spielen eine grosse Rolle.Man soll diesen Film sehen . Ich bin Deutschlehrer und ich habe ihn meiner Klasse gezeigt . Sie haben ihn geliebt , hoffentlich wird es auch Dir gefallen.By the way , I teach German and thought it appropriate to write the review in German . Basically I loved the movie because of its originality and fun . I recommend it highly .
 I watched `` Run , Lola , Run '' without any real insight on what to expect . I had gotten the idea that it would probably be of more interest to young adults but I can attest that us older folks can enjoy it too . I admit that I was initially wondering if I was going to be watching a movie or a cartoon but I got to like the animated version of Lola running down the stairs . The lifestyles on display leave a lot to be desired but I let myself glide past that once I realized what a multi-facetted movie this is . `` Run , Lola , Run '' is a movie that shows us a lot of stories within the stories and a lot of alternate scenarios . If you 're one of those `` if only '' second-guessers , this is your chance to find out `` what if '' . I liked the variables and I thought that the movie was quite unique in that regard . I wo n't give anything away although that , itself , may be misleading . This film challenges our expectations and , in doing so , might be giving us a glimpse of the future . I recalled a pavillion at the World 's Fair Expo '67 in Montreal . It was , I believe , the Czech pavillion and they showed a movie that stopped at different points in the film when there was a major development . There was a `` time-out '' and the audience was asked to vote for one of several directional options that they were given and the movie proceeded with the requested option . `` Run , Lola , Run '' looks like a movie in which the production staff got several chances to vote on their options and decided to include them all . It works !
 I saw this movie in my college film class and was immediately hooked . It is one of the few orginial movies I have seen in years .
 Good movie , a heart pumping punky kinda movie , with fun techno music to thread it all together , and fantastic acting!This is a movie for independent film lovers , for sure . I love this movie , but I would not watch this in the english dubbed version , the voice overs are so bad it 's comical -- well ok -- watch that version if you want a good laugh . I did n't even know they had a dubbed version till I bought this on DVD to replace my VHS .
 REALLY GOOD . This one demonstrates how fate and split second timing can make all the difference in the outcome of any event.Although the final outcome was a bit of a reach , I forgave that tiny misstep because the movie as a whole was exciting and extremely original.Not for everyone , but if you have an open mind , Run Lola Run is a must-see . This is a plot -LRB- or multiple plots -RRB- that I can honestly say I have never seen before.Because Run Lola Run is not to everyone 's tastes , I suggest you rent it first before buying . I did rent it , and I am going to buy Run Lola Run this week . I want Run Lola Run in my blu-ray collection .
 This is a FANTASTIC movie especially for people who are interested in exploring alternate realities and having serious discussions related to how one single split-second decision can change everything ! I 've watched this movie several times and it still WOWS me . The star , Franka Potente , who also played the girlfriend in The Bourne Identity , is amazing.The comic relief in the ` cartoon ' segments makes this movie lots of fun to watch as well . Viewers will also want to hit the slow motion button to see all the details of the lesser characters life changes . This movie is stunning and is a ` must see ' for all thinking movie buffs as well as people who enjoy pondering the wonders of `` what if ? '' .
 I saw this one Friday night and soon after bought the dvd . The other reviews give you a plot breakdown , but I will mention a few things I really like . Filmed in Germany -LRB- West Berlin -RRB- maybe , and lots of outdoor city locations . I have only viewed the sub-titled version , and it works great . A couple dialogue - heavy scenes which require some reading , but not too taxing . I do have a thing for most things German , so I like hearing the language . Also a fine soundtrack in this film ! Techno and pulsing , watch this on a home theatre or with a high quality audio system . It really adds to the experience imho . Plus I enjoyed the little `` snapshot '' stills that Twyker throws in along the way . Very cool.Some negative reviewers say they did n't get the film and it was repetitive . Just go along for the ride and enjoy the sights and sound . In my opinion this is a real good way to spend an hour and a half . Try it out ! Thanks for reading my sort of disjointed review .
 this is a movie you can watch again and again and discover new things every time . I use it in my German high school classroom and the students like the fast pace and the music . The actress , Franka Potente , went on to play in several well known hollywood productions after Run Lola Run . She 's the girlfriend in Bourne Identity . She 's great in this movie !
 This is an awesome movie . Franka Potente is quite hot and such a good actress . Her story in this film is so powerful and believeable . As long as you do n't mind subtitles -LRB- which I do n't -RRB- . The soundtrack is also amazing and should be checked out as well . Enjoy !
 When the film first started , I have to say I was ready to write the film off . I notice a lot of films who use wild filmmaking techniques to cover up the lack of substance in the film . With this it seemed as if anything and everything was used to tell the story for wild , fast-paced editing to animated sequences to split-screen . But whereas Requiem for a Dream also had a myriad of visual tricks to make up for the lack of substance , this film is a rollercoaster and knows it and uses it because it needs it . This was not meant to be some tearjerking drama ; it 's just good energetic stuff.Manni is in trouble because he lost 100,000 of a mobster 's money and he is n't happy and he gives him 20 minutes to find it or else . His girlfriend Lola is n't going to just sit around and has to run all over the place in order to help find it before Manni robs a supermarket . But this 20 minutes is told a couple of times over as possible alternatives . Instead of not knowing what will happen but rather where the same story will branch off into different outcomes.Now I should mention the opening sequence which is as kinetic and obvious MTV influenced than anything . By this time I was thinking `` I do n't think I 'm going to be into this very much '' . That is until the film jettisoned that idea and it becomes more energetic and it works better . One of my favorite ideas is at times Lola will bump into someone in a scenario and a series of photographs will show you where that person 's life will lead with different outcomes . Example
 ` Run Lola Run ' is a fast-paced film with a philosophical message . Lola has 20 minutes to find a huge sum of money or her boyfriend is going to have to answer to some very angry gangsters.We are given three differenct scenarios about what choices Lola could have made , and how those choices play out for good or bad . This is all done at a breathless pace filled with dark humor .
 Excellent documentary that shows from the inside what was going on in the Internet . com boom , who was caught up in it , how much money was flowing freely , and how it fell apart , leaving some with nothing more than they started . The film concentrates on the relationship between high school friends Tom and Kaleil , who in their 20s founded govworks.com and raised more than $ 20 million in venture capital , and in the process what happened to their friendship . Even more intimate and personal than the War Room -LRB- documentary about the first Clinton campaign by some of the same people -RRB- . A rare glimpse into a rare time . Highly recommended .
 I ca n't say enough about this DVD . It 's what happens when an egotistical moron and his subserviant pushover `` friend '' from high school start a company based on something they know nothing about . As you watch the movie , it becomes clear that neither of them know anything about computers , programming , or the necessity of a functional product . Just look at when they 're in a meeting and Kaleil is confused by `` things flying across the monitor . '' I 'd bet money it 's a screensaver . Just look at how they cut out the solution to the problem there . What could this huge number of employees POSSIBLY be doing ? A simple database program like this could be made by less than 10 people in a week !! The most hilarious part in my opinion is that Tom winds up going back to work with Kaleil after it 's all over . How ca n't he see that he 's been used ? A better question is how do the editors of the documentary buy into Kaleil 's rhetoric ? When they 're doing their commentary in the extras , they do n't seem to notice the humor of the situation at all . I think Dora said it best
 Democratic capitalism is the most successful economic system devised by humankind . Alas , it is also akin to political democracy in that it is unnerving and somewhat yucky to closely observe the actual sausage making process . This documentary is a must see for anybody desiring to further comprehend the recent dot.com economic debacle . Long time chums Kaleil Isaza Tuzman and Tom Herman become partners hoping `` to eliminate frustration in the public sector . '' The GovWorks website encourages citizens to interact financially with their government agencies . One could pay traffic tickets or taxes , and even bid on seized property among a myriad of other possibilities . We get to observe the adventure of this start up until it closes down less than two years later . This business model is a certain winner in the long run . Unfortunately , as Lord Keynes once sardonically remarked , we are all dead in the long run . The free market generally rewards only those successful in a shorter time frame . Much is made of the so called first mover advantage . Conveniently overlooked , however , is the cold fact that the second movers are often able to take advantage of the mistakes committed by the pioneers . Tuzman and Herman soon learn that attempting to hit the proverbial home run also significantly increases the odds of striking out.Our under thirty years of age duo bravely endure the long hours and never ending obstacles threatening their dream . They initially agree to share the power until realizing that this management structure is doomed to fail . The resulting crisis inevitably tests their friendship to the breaking point . Tuzman is something of a lightning rod for abuse and criticism . He makes enemies with relative ease . Is this merely the price of leadership , or does Tuzman possess a damaging character flaw ? I suspect the former , but concede that my opinion is highly debatable.Many people gleefully gloat that Tuzman and Herman deserved their comeuppance . I believe that a fair-minded viewer of `` Startup.com '' will instead credit these two gentlemen with the courage and perhaps foolhardiness to reach for the stars . After all , we are ultimately the beneficiaries of their risk taking and creativity . The film makers should have added another fifteen-twenty minutes to flesh out the rise and fall of GovWorks . This is especially true with their flippant handling of the scene wherein Tuzman is talking to President Bill Clinton . Sitting next to Tuzman is Robert Putnam of `` Bowling Alone '' fame who was one ofTuzman 's Harvard University professors . Coincidentally , it should be added is that Putnam is a specialist in facilitating improved relationships between governments and the common folk . Is n't it therefore reasonable to suppose that Putnam had at least something to do with the very conceptualization of the GovWorks idea ? This movie earns four stars . It could have been better , but the finished product still deserves a large audience . Investors and entrepreneurs should not even consider beginning a new dot.com business venture until they have viewed `` Startup.com . ''
 This movie is basically about one thing
 You already know the ending , or should , since we 're just now emerging from a `` dot bomb '' economy . Nonetheless , the film is engaging as it tells the story of two entrepreneurs and their quest to start an on-line business , ` Govworks.com ' . The story plays out through scenes shot on handheld video , which lend both intimacy and immediacy to the film . We follow the protagonists from the very start as they are deciding on a company name , through funding and the company 's growth and ultimate decline.Interestingly , while one would assume this is a movie purely about the life of a start-up , Web-based business , it is in actuality a story of friendship . Through the trials and tribulations of the business , we watch the impact on the relationship of these childhood friends.An interesting film for our times .
 Just saw this film for the first time on IFC and let me begin by adding to the multiple accolades about this film primarily because it 's a great film for business school students of what NOT to do in the world of being an entrepreneur . I 'm very glad to see the failure of these guys and I 'm sure they are still paying for it till this day to a certain extent , if not financially , then psychologically and emotionally.I am a IT tech guy who was a part of the dot com bubble , but knew even back then it was not going to last . I was trained from the `` old school '' corporate environment -LRB- ie . The Big Blue IBM culture , apparently , that was `` uncool '' to the dot-commers -RRB- of a SOUND business plan along with a SOLID structure and NOT JUST PURE VISION . These guys were just over-glorified , ego-centric , slippery salesmen . They SOLD a dream to which they crashed and burned and THANK GOD FOR IT!I wo n't waste my time regurgitating the well-deserved harsh words of what real and successful entrepreneurs have already given them through the years , but my message for Kaleil to which I 'm sure he has figured out now is `` less glory '' and `` more humility '' . Dude , successful people are `` behind the scenes '' not seeking glory and making things happen and are the REAL `` Go To '' guys/gals . It is n't about your RICH image and your Tiffany cufflinks , but rather the BIG debt that only YOU know really exists!I run a small tech consulting company based on pure personal passion and servitude to others . Although I am not making millions , I am comfortable AND , I am NOT incurring debt . I am also not spending much on marketing . WHY ? Because my humble attitude and kind approach not only strengthens my positive reputation amongst my business peers , but it leads to a return in revenue which ALSO leads to others speaking kindly and the word of mouth spreads like wildfire.I really would n't comment too much on a film , but after seeing these two guys , I needed a place to vent my anger due to the sheer stupidity of these guys . I am sure they are `` good '' men in general , but they suck in business to put it bluntly and I 'm hoping they both wised up after a good decade !
 Having lived first hand through the silliness of the internet bubble I can tell you that this film does a nice job in documenting the absurdity of the time . I bought it and in 20 years when my kids ask how this happened , I plan to pop this in and show them.My only complaint would be that I wish they 'd spent a bit more time on the last months , it ends rather abruptly , but all in all a great effort .
 This documentary is about a man and his friend who want tostart up a company . Even though they have a hard time gettingstarted they become successful . You will see betrayal amongfriends and friendships ending over money issues . You will get tolook into the two main characters business lives and see how iteffects their personal lives . Watch the small idea they made growas their business expands and witness its fall . Learn thecomplications of starting up a company , maintaining and managingit growth , making and handling money , and dealing with people andthe competition .
 Seeing the mixed reviews on Amazon made me a little wary before I saw the film but after seeing it , I 'm really glad I did . This movie tells the tale of how the classic startup duo - the geeky engineer and the smooth talking business guy build a $ 60 million company in the span of less than 2 years . It is a monumental achievement by the film-makers who filmed the duo day-in-day out for two years and put together a movie that is as insightful as it is compelling.For those aspiring entrepreneurs interested in the film , I can not urge you enough to see it . From this film you witness firsthand how a top tier VC is pitched -LRB- the founders get money from Kleiner Perkins -RRB- , what getting a term sheet is like , and how a twenty-something wet-behind-the-ears entrepreneur leads and motivates a team of over 200 employees . To top that off you get sucked into the buddy story of the founders that is so masterful , no writer could 've come up with something this good .5 stars , a must see for the aspiring entrepreneur .
 This documentary is actually pretty good , but the title of the piece should probably have been Hubris.com . It focused on a couple of very egocentric guys and how they blew through a lot of money in a very short period of time . This is a good unintential morality play .
 Truthful documantary , hard work , excellent movie . A must see for new age , dot com investors .
 I enjoyed the product but the seller was late in delivering and never responded to my emails . Overall experience was `` Fair ''
 I just finished watching this movie right off of Amazon 's website , one of the dot coms that survived . Througout the entire movie I can feel the energy , frustration , anxiety , excitement , and all types of other emotions from the characters in the movie . I kept asking myself , `` did this really happen '' . That 's because I did not read the description of the movie until after I watched it . I 'm not sure this movie was motivational or sad . But the arrangement and flow of the movie is like impeccable . From the start of the movie to the end , the movie its like a total attention grabber . There was never a dull moment throughout this entire movie . I would n't mind watching it again . . Very very entertaining . Even at the end , I was waiting for more . Also , as someone else stated , I wish they would 've covered more of the startup . The movie starts with the CEO of the new dot-com company quitting his job so that he could work full time for his business . He has a high school buddy who partners with him on this joint venture . But by this time , they already had a solid idea of what they wanted the business to do , and who they could contact to obtain millions of dollars in fundings . My thing is , how did they get to that point . If you are at the point where you are quitting your job , that means your company is more than off the ground , you have some signicant capital so that not only your company stays a float for a while , but you personally can live strictly off the capital of either your company or you have a nice chunk of life savings to hold you over . Ohh also , at the beginning of the movie , the company already has 8 employees . They were doing really good . . I 'm not even sure how , because they did n't even have a product yet .
 This documentary is about more than just the failure of a company . This movie is about friendship . Set against the backdrop of the dot com bubble burst , what I loved about this movie is that it is basically a story of two guys with a solid friendship . I ca n't blame them for starting a business on a dream . Everyone was doing the same thing in the late 90 's . I do n't blame them for the business failing . Most of these ventures failed . During the rise and fall of the company there is a lot of drama between the two founders of the company . They have been friends since kids and the failing business almost tears their friendship apart . In the end I got a great sense of hope that there is more to life than just making profits and that true friends can get through anything and come out on top at the end . I think too many people go into this movie wanting to know all the details about why the business failed and what went wrong . A lot of people have bashed this movie because it focuses on the relationships of the players but that is the same quality of this movie that endears it to me . Money comes and goes . Sometimes you may fail at something . It 's easy to lose sight of what is truly important in life . To me , this was a beautiful movie because it shows the true meaning of friendship ... through thick or thin .
 One of my favorite documentaries , `` Startup.com '' follows two high school friends as they create an internet business together.Besides catching history on film , the filmmakers document what happens when friendship enters the business realm .
 This documentary about the rise and fall of govworks.com reveals both the strengths and weaknesses of cinema verite documentaries with no voiceovers.On the one hand , we get to see the two intelligent cofounders of govworks.com , Kaliel and Tom , up close and personal in a way that the printed word would have difficulty doing justice to . Watching their strains , their accomplishments , and their hubris is fascinating.On the other hand , we do not get much of the crucial but less photogenic backstory . We do n't know much about what these guys were doing before they started the company . We do n't see much of their interaction with the venture capitalists who funded them or the board that apparently was near the point of firing them . We see that there was a suspicious break-in to their offices , but there is no follow-up in the documentary about whether the police ever found the culprit , what the missing documents were , and why the documents were so important . We see more of their discussions about raising money and less of the conversations about what features they would include on the web site , how they decided on its design , and so forth . We never are told what the business model for the company was . How specifically did they expect to make a profit , and what did they fail to anticipate that prevented them from doing so ? -LRB- Did they have too few customers ? Could they not get enough cities to participate ? -RRB- Perhaps they had no clear path to profitability , but that is something we should know . Finally , we see Bryan R. Mundy , the CEO of competitor ezgov.com , visiting govwork.com 's headquarters , and we later hear Kaleil complain that govwork.com 's competitors -LRB- including , I assume , ezgov.com -RRB- are doing much better . How did these other companies make a go of it ? What did they do that govworks.com failed to do ? -LRB- For those who are curious , ezgov.com is still in business , but Mr. Mundy died in a fire in his house in January 2001 . -RRB- These are the sorts of details that a good Wall Street Journal feature or a John McPhee profile would have included.See the film if you are interested in the personalities and lives of two hi-tech entrepeneurs as they take flight and then crash and burn . It 's like watching an engrossing Greek tragedy . But do n't expect much insight into what it was like for the average worker at one of those Internet startup firms or into the business lessons of these failed companies .
 A really nice documentary film from Chris Hegedus -LRB- The War Room -RRB- and Jehane Noujaim about a group of friends who start a dot com company and they climb allmost on the top.The every day running the relationships between them the strugle to survive and make people and investors to believe in them are given with a plain and simple way which on the other hand makes the film fascinating.It could be more specific about the industry and how it really works instead of passing fast this stage and this is a missing point but the whole movie is fast just like the success and the failure in todays world.I really did have good time watching this movie.No doubt it leaves you wondering if having just good friends-partners and bright ideas this is enough to survive in the modern bussines world or because of the globalization the good days are gone forever.See it it is worthy
 For anyone that has ever wondered what the DotCom world was like ... . for anyone that survived the process ... . this is your film . It chronicles the process ... . the intial euphoria ... the VC Funding rollercoaster ... . the huge personal price we all paid for a chance to change the world and win the lotto.It shows the immense cost in terms of relationships . It shows the power of greed to pervert even the most longstanding friendships.I took my wife in the hope that she might begin to realize what my life was like the last 5 years ... . I found myself realizing , through all of it ... I was not the only one.An amazing work . I will see this film many times ...
 I debated between 4 and 5 stars on this one and finally decided on 5 because this movie/documentary was just that good . The film has a `` Real World '' style and feel to it and the drama that unfolds when two friends breath life into an Internet startup company will keep you glued to the screen . Success comes swiftly and the cameras are right there to capture the deals , the frustrations and , perhaps even most exciting , the moments where friendships collide with business relationships.There are no actors in this film . These are the real people and the cameras were in on meetings , waking people up in the morning , riding in the car with them , listening in on their phone conversations and pretty much everything else in order to give an accurate picture of what was going on in the creation and management of govWorks.com.Startup.com gives you an inside look into the inner workings of not only the company , but the personal lives and thoughts of its founders . You 'll see their ups and downs , laughter and tears , triumphs and ultimate failures . Reality television just does n't get much better than this .
 Watching this movie brought back memories of just how easy it was to obtain VC funding for just about any fuzzy idea connected to the internet . We watch as a company `` starts up '' with high hopes for making it big in the dot com era , only to see it slip so needlessly away.Millions of dollars are wasted , as tempers flare when it all begins to slowly fall apart . The lasting image i have from this movie is the scene with then president Bill Clinton , as they sidle up to him and try to get the business from Bill . its an amazing story to see a firm `` almost make it '' The funny part is when you find out who was smart enough to walk away with some money . My `` Best Advice '' is to find a way to see this movie , either on DVD or Video on Demand , to learn what can happen when blind ambition meets a brick wall . Do n't let it happen to you or your company , Put -LSB- ... -RSB- on your `` do watch '' list .
 As I write this review , I am two days removed from hearing of the tragic and senseless suicide of an acquaintance who had it all , risked it all , lost his family , fell into depression and substance abuse and hung himself.Why ? ... his life WAS his startup and it came crashing down around him and he could n't bear it.STARTUP.COM is a timeless look at the rise and fall of businesses and the people who rise and fall with them.Some people who will view this film will only want to know one thing : How do I succeed in building a business and make money ? Others will view this film and learn about the trmendous sacrifices to self and interpersonal relationships that comes from examining the failures of others driven by an intense desire or need to `` succeed '' . This documentary examines both aspects of business-the technical and the personal.The two aspects are always competing.The lives of the `` twentysomething `` founders of gov.WORKS.com are examined in intimate detail as Kaleil and Tom are followed from the infancy stage of their internet organization , through it 's quick rise to fame , -LRB- they were on every major mag cover and even had audience with President Clinton !!! -RRB- and it 's crashing in 20 months.Loyalties and passions are questioned.This is a very realistic look at the down - and - dirty business world as portrayed in the . com rush of a few years back.What this film has to teach us is about the price that one pays in blood for what one thinks is necessary for `` success '' . This film is a sobering look for anyone , any age who needs to possibly reexamine their priorities in business and in life .
 This should be required viewing for all business school graduates . A deep message about friendship and the price of success . A lot of the focus is on Kaleil , but I find the more interesting portrait is of Tom . One intriguing thing that came out of their dot com drama is what happened next - but I 'll let you find that out on your own .
 How could so many companies capitalizing on what is undoubtedly the most amazing media innovation since the television fall so far so fast ? Startup.com offers some important clues.Skilfully , the filmakers show us how the protagonists labor to secure tens of millions in financing , and how they use this to build a company with over two hundred employees . Repeatedly , I found myself thinking
 I do n't think its possible for me to put into words how much I loved this documentary -LRB- Not ficitonal movie -RRB- . I do n't know why this is not REQUIRED viewing at any and every self respecting business school in the world , let alone the U.S. I have never seen anything which portrays the trials and tribulations of attempting to startup a multi-million dollar company and from such a personal perspective . These guys were shooting for the stars , not trying to open up a juice bar on the corner . It shows all the hurdles they face , all the necessary steps , UNBELIEVABLE !! I would give this film a thousand stars if possible . If you are memorized by the internet boom/bust like me , you must , I REPEAT MUST see this film . Watch it and you 'll know what I mean . Unbelievable !!!!!
 Wait , that 's Casino . `` It 'll be the last time , touchy-feely , self-esteem believing psychobabblers were in charge of something that F 'n valuable . `` I actually love this movie being a small-scale entrepenuer centered in computers and specifically the internet myself.We see 2 guys who actually have a great and truly lucrative idea in a new market , making government functions , services and information available over the internet.We also see a time when investors were quite foolishly optimistic about investing in anything having to do with the internet.We also have a couple of reasonably bright but not brilliant students raised on self-esteem believing they can conquer the world.Here we have the fallacy of the psuedo-science psychology and specifically self-esteem which has been doing damage to the U.S productivity in the same proportion as it has been increasing in popular thought.Our schools have been teaching so much self-esteem nonsense . If you feel good about yourself , you will achieve more . Yet if you compare academic achievement , students in countries such as Korea where the students were more likely to not consider themselves bright , considering themselves not to have above average skills in mathmatics scored much higher than students in countries like the U.S. where they indicated great self-confidence in their intelligence.This is the opposite of when the U.S. students would have been on top in achievement in less-psychologized days.The documentary starts out with Kaleil -LRB- ? -RRB- and Tom buying out a third founder who is not going forward in quitting his job and dedicating fully to their new business . This guy plays Kaleil and Tom like marionettes and they buy him out for $ 700,000 -LRB- ? -RRB- before the thing is really even started.At this point , we see our first glaring indication of what psychologized men they are , Kaleil and Tom comfort each other about how it hurt each other more `` emotionally '' than the money itself.In the film , Tom is definitely the one who has bought into modern psychological thought the most . He places importance on creating good feelings , creating company social occasions , and positive work environments . He even focuses on little company `` camping '' events where his father plays a guitar and has sing-a-long songs . Meanwhile , Tom is n't that great of a programmer and the documentarians fail to show how he leads a programming team . However , we do later see , it was not done successfully as GovWorks software was incompentently made and has very obvious problems while nearing production status that should n't have gotten past the beginning stages of development.Kaleil does seem to have a lot of organizational , business skills getting investors interested -LRB- although the absurdly unrealistically optimistic internet enthusiasm made it possible where normally he probably could n't have -RRB- and putting together various business deals . Unfortunately , Kaleil himself does focus on organizing company `` Rah Rah '' sessions as well as motivational-speaker-type events.Meanwhile Tom and the programmers have developed a horrendously faulty system that Kaleil rightfully declares he can not release into the market despite its emminent deadline.Then business reality finally starts to take force and Tom is forced out of the company . Now Tom and Kaleil fight and then hug and nurture each other going through this struggle.Now , we have a competitor breaking the market with what seems to be a competent product and the end of GovWorks quickens.There is a lot of things I was interested in about this movie . # 1 -RRB- Entrepenuerial effort even though failed . # 2 -RRB- A study on the farce of psychological thought being an asset while in reality being quite destructive . # 3 -RRB- True dramatic interactions between close friends during different situations and struggles . Even if they are sappy psychobabblers who made their own problems.The potential of their plan was incredible and legitimate . These guys could have made in the hundreds of millions each if they implemented their ideas correctly . It was a time that wo n't happen again in the foreseeable future . # 1 -RRB- A legitimately new and lucrative market waiting to be exploited . # 2 -RRB- Investors throwing money around at anything `` internet '' . In honesty , with a little LESS confidence , LESS believing in themselves and an extreme dedicated focus on perfecting the product , they probably could have made it .
 I went through the dot com boom and this was totally realistic . It chronicles a real world view of what was going on behind the companies insid ethe bubble . I think the overall lesson from the bubble is that valuation , profits , and experience matter . This is what the bubble era lacked and this documentary covers it well . These guys had no business running a company , getting funding , and were little concerned with producing a quality product that had longevity . Shame on them for going into business but moreso for those VC 's giving them money ... so it went.From my experience , most of these types of people went out of the industry to easier stomping grounds to get their MBA 's , have babies , or become accountants . Some have moved onto the new frontier of other start-up areas and have not learned their lesson either . However , some have learned a great deal from the bubble , continue to innovate and are well positioned to be the names of tomorrow .
 This documentary rocks . Great for budding entrepreneurs , and entertaining for just about anybody .
 I loved every minute of this film . You really feel for the characters and the troubles they are going through . Extremely accurate excpet I would have liked to see more of the technical aspects of the company . Toms daughter is the cutest little tyke in the world and provides some very funny , loving moments . I rode the dot com wave , took an internet job , made great money and bailed before it got bad . Now im back at a real job that I love . The whole dot com boom and the inflated cost of housing in the san fran bay area leaves a bad taste . If you are aching to get all those east coasters the hell out of san francisco and laugh your ass off when another internet company goes belly up . THEN YOU MUST SEE THIS MOVIE ! watching the company go down in flames , although sad because you start to like the guys , it feels good to watch reallity kick their a $ $ out of town .
 Chronicle of dot.bomb govWorks , whose rise and fall was symptomatic of many an internet company -- similarly crippled by a gargantuan burn rate , managerial infighting , and a bloated valuation -- during the Bubble . Nicely edited and rife with business fundamentals/lessons , I 'd give this film 4 thumbs up except I only have 2 .
 `` Startup.com '' is a fascinating , but slightly flawed documentary following the lives of several men who founded a dot-com in 1998 . -LRB- Work leading to its creation had started months earlier , but was n't included in the documentary . -RRB- The principal dot-com founders were Kaleil Isaza Tuzman , Tom Herman and Chieh Cheung . Kaleil and Tom were high school friends . Shortly after the company 's official launch , Chieh 's involvement was terminated after Kaleil and Tom decided to buy him out . They believed Chieh was n't doing enough , in spite of Chieh 's time , work and money invested prior to the company 's official launch.For the most part , the first third of documentary is devoted to Kaleil 's efforts to obtain venture capitalist -LRB- VC -RRB- investment into the new company . The combination of his efforts and unbridled VC risk-taking of the 1990 's succeeded in Kaleil securing $ 50-million in VC investment . At the company 's launch , it had eight employees . After several months of hard work and the hiring of a lot more staff , the company 's website was finally launched . Within about a year , the company 's total employment exceeded 200 employees , but the joy did n't last long . Personality conflicts between Kaleil and Tom lead to some unpleasant consequences . Also , like most of the dot-com 's created in the 1990 's , the amount of money earned through the company 's website paled in comparison to the amount of invested capital and the money squandered by the company.Sadly , the creators of this documentary -LRB- Chris Hegedus and Jehane Noujaim -RRB- focused far too much on Kaleil , not enough on Tom and very little on Chieh . The quality of the documentary would have been far better had more time been devoted to Tom throughout the film , and more to Chieh at the beginning -LRB- prior to the company 's launch -RRB- . No narration was provided in the documentary . Instead , it was shot much like a reality television show using small hand-held cameras , but occasional subtitles provide the viewer with time references and employee counts . Highlights in the documentary include an actual CNBC interview with Kaleil -LRB- when the company was worth $ 50-million with venture capital -RRB- and his brief meeting with then U.S. President Bill Clinton.The real value of this documentary is fourfold : -LRB- 1 -RRB- The eagerness of 1990 's venture capitalists to willingly invest millions of dollars into companies with unsubstantiated and exaggerated business plans . -LRB- 2 -RRB- The squandering by dot-com 's of millions of invested dollars -LRB- 3 -RRB- The strain put on long-term friendships when money and cutthroat business practices get involved . -LRB- 4 -RRB- Seeing some of the faces and narcissistic egos behind dot-coms . For these reasons , I rate this documentary with 4 out of 5 stars . I highly recommend it to any former or current dot-com employee , to anyone that invested and subsequently lost money in a dot-com or to anyone that wants to form his/her own company .
 Startup.com is one of the best 2001 films now available on DVD . It is a documentary and about the trials and tribulations of a start up internet company but it also a Heart-wrenching , emotionally involving story about hopes , dreams and friendships.We watch as a group of friends begin their company -LRB- in May of 1999 -RRB- and in less than 2 years are running a 50 million-dollar corporation employing over 250 people -LRB- Govworks.com -RRB- . And then it all begins to fall apart &#65533; rapidly . We watch as CEO Kaleil Isaza Tuzman and to a slightly lesser extent Tom Herman become famous via business magazine covers , columns , articles , television news programs , CNN interviews , and even a meeting with a President in which Kaleil suggests the President Clinton consider working for his company when his presidential term is over . It 's all here and it really happened.The film-makers shot for over two years and were editing the more than 400 hours of video/film right up to their Sundance premiere in early 2001 and re-edited the last few minutes of the film just prior to it 's theatrical release in May of 2001 . Jehane Noujaim started the film . Noujaim became Kaleil Tuzman Harvard roommate and they remained good friends . After quitting her job at MTV with plans to go to her homeland Egypt to make a film Noujaim instead began filming Tuzman as he quit his job to begin this company with his old high school chum and a small circle of friends . She contacted Chris Hegedus and D.A. Pennebaker for help in financing the project . They were excited about the idea and Hegedus enthusiastically became a partner in the project . Hedges and her husband , D.A. Pennebaker made the excellent Moon over Broadway -LRB- about Carol Burnett 's return to Broadway -RRB- and The War Room -LRB- behind the scenes of Clinton 's 1992 presidential campaign -RRB- in recent years . Pennebaker is the legendary documentary filmmaker who made the famous film about Bob Dylan , Do n't Look Back and Monterrey Pop . Pennebaker produced the film and Hegedus and Noujaim co-directed it.The filmmakers have access to some remarkable private moments , some confidential private meetings and some very special events -LRB- like Bill Clinton and in another scene with a speech from former Atlanta Mayor Maynard Jackson . -RRB- . At times the film does n't take quite enough time to explain some of the inner-workings of financing the company and we do n't spend quite enough time on the problems and development of the software itself -- but to do so would have meant slowing the movie down and focusing it more on the business and less on the people involved . Every once in a while you can be confused with what is going or why &#65533; but , life does n't stop and explain itself to you as well as it should either . If it 's a flaw , it 's one that is easy to over-look . I wish the filmmakers did include a little more footage of the special relationship Tom Herman had with some of his co-workers . He was the one who insisted on hiring women in the company and he had a much warmer management style which we do n't see much of in the film.There 's some moments in the film , particularly at the end , where the film-makers deliver just the right balance of verite ' and crossing over the line a bit for the sake of some much needed humor . I do n't want to spoil a few moments by saying more than that , but there are several subtle pay-offs , which occur during the film 's final moments , which end the film on a very human and ironic note . This is a film about a lot more than the rise and fall of a dot com company.The film was shot on digital video and is present in the original perspective it was shot in Standard 1:33:1 . The picture is sharp and clear and free from any technical problems whatsoever but it is documentary film-making on the fly and cinema verite ' . The Audio is a strong Dolby 5.1 mix The sound quality varies slightly because of the manner in which the film was shot and the sound originally recorded . However we can clearly hear all of the important dialogue and at times , when the film gets very quiet , we are aware how free from defects the audio actually is.The too short interview with the documentary filmmakers gives a face to the filmmakers . Some of the information they talk about on-camera is repeated during their feature audio commentary . The very thorough production notes are appreciated . It is a real shame however that not all of the pre-release extras that were announced by Artisan several months ago are on the disc . Extra footage , and commentary from Kaleil and Tom would be a huge asset to the DVD package and I can only assume there were last minute problems that meant the plans to include such commentary had to be scrapped.The feature length commentary track starts out by covering the same ground as the short interview featurette but after 30 minutes we start learning some interesting details and getting some insights into things we are not seeing on the screen . We learn some interesting information and even about a tragedy that occurred to one of the people we see during the film . It 's well worth the time to listen to the commentary but it ca n't top one of my favorite commentaries of all time -LRB- the one on Moon Over Broadway -RRB- . Christopher Jarmick , is the author of The Glass Cocoon with Serena F. Holder a critically acclaimed , steamy suspense thriller
 As I sit here , self-indulgently typing in my humble opinions , I can not help but savour the irony of reviewing a film about the spectacular rise and fall of a dot-com hopeful ... on the website of one of those who succeeded.Twenty years from now , when people look back on the `` dot com bubble '' , and when those who were n't there ca n't fathom the hundreds of overnight paper millionaires , the irrational stock valuations , the revolutionary nature of what was happening , and of course the impending crash - this film will surely stand as an indispensable documentary of the time , capturing the excitement and the madness of the incredible Internet commercial phenomenon.Hats off to the film makers - this is a truly remarkable time capsule that , compelling as it is today , will only become increasingly important as our collective memories of that time , fade.So here I am - a regular person , with a regular job - self-indulgently broadcasting my simple thoughts to anyone , anywhere in the world who will listen , courtesy of the global communication network that made it all possible.This is it . This is how it was .
 A few days ago I heard in a radio show how they believe that this movie captured the Internet era . As a recent `` Failed Startup Graduate '' , I was very curious to see whether that is true . After viewing it , I must say - VERY VERY true !!! This movie is not a work of fiction , it is a documetary - everything is actual footage which was taken in more than a year . It tells the story of the founding of GovWorks.com , a startup company which connected its site users with government operations -LRB- `` Made the government more efficient '' , as the founders say -RRB- . The makers of the film followed the two founders , Tom and Kaleil from day one . The movie starts when Kaleil leaves his old job and becomes CEO of GovWorks.com , and ends more than a year after that . As you probably know , this has been a very . . interesting year , so to speak for the High Tech industry . But the movie is n't just about the company , it also tells the highs and lows that Kaleil and Tom had to go through during these tough and exciting times . I think this is a fascinating movie which really makes the viewer feel as if he is a part of the story , especially since Kaleil and Tom have been so generous in sharing what they 've gone through with the viewers .
 This is pretty good , a documentary of some latecomers starting a company at the height of the bubble , when capital was chasing anything with a web site . Their idea of using the web to pay your parking tickets is typical of the era ... undeniably useful , but so also obvious that it could never succeed on the scale the investors had hoped . I was reminded of the character Lenny in Randy Komisar 's book `` The Monk and The Riddle , '' who proposed selling caskets online to save the overhead of funeral homes.Like others , I wished they had spent more time covering the downfall of the company after the bubble burst ; that would have painted a much more complete picture . But basically they 've it so accurate that it 's painful ... people who are so full of themselves for having gotten funding , who take themselves just a little too seriously in the excitement of the era.This is probably as good a record as we 'll ever get of that time , and it was indeed an amazing phenomenon .
 I originally rented Startup.com because of a lack of worthwhile selections at the local Blockbuster . Also , a guy I grew up with worked at GovWorks from the early days . My expectations were low . Most dot com company cultures and techies I 've come into contact with are overly quirky and boring - definitely not entertainment value.I was pleasantly surprised when I viewed the dvd . The story is enthralling and the content is timely . The founders , Tom Herman and Kalil Isaza Tuzman , are friends from childhood with radically different personalities -LRB- exacerbated by the editing -RRB- . Tom is the uptight techie tinkering in the shadows with remedial social skills . Kalil is Mr. Charisma with unbounded ambition looking to cinch the big deal and steam roll anybody in his path.The business is formed and funded . Tom and Kalil 's personalities clash . A power struggle ensues between Tom and Kalil . GovWorks ' shaky business model , the internet mania , and the odd freindship all unravel at about the same time . This outcome is predictable . What is fascinating is watching all the ambition and hubris foment from inception until the ultimate devistation - shut down day.This movie is a fine example of the times . Tom and Kalil are highly talented and intelligent with excellent career tracks . Inexplicably , they quit their jobs to go for the big score , instant IPO wealth , and ultimately get trashed by the juggernaut they create .
 Seeing this film left me sad that we do n't have similar documentaries available for other periods of great economic change . The realism here , like others have said , is intact . As someone who has lived through a startup I could n't help but reminisce every single problem and success these guys endured . There 's a lesson here if this truly is a recurring blueprint for the birth of a company -LRB- possibly captured more succinctly by FJ Lennon in ` Every Mistake in the Book ' -RRB- . While the movie falls short in documenting the real decline of the mechanics of their business it excels in showing the decline on the people side . The greed , insecurities , ambitions , and pettiness of each person is brought out to varying degrees based on how well or badly things are going . The personalities of people who you feel you have a grip on , change before your very eyes . How much more exciting it is to see a ` reality ' show that 's not provoking people into being interesting . The strains and successes provide the catalyst for an incredibly interesting people dynamic . And ultimately why the dream of working at a company with your best friends invokes the thought that one should be careful what they wish for.The film makers do a particularly strong job of being in the right place at the right time to capture key events . And it all hauntingly reflects my experiences . From the embarassing ` rah rah ' / ` go team ' meetings to the vicious reality of the VC prostitution circuit to the joy of hitting key milestones like the public release of their website or securing money to the greed that sinks its teeth into people who do n't pull their weight and are called on it to the daunting realization that all hope is lost and one is in way over one 's head to the final reflection on the wreckage that is left - it is all here.For those who sat back during this crazy period in comfortable safe jobs , it is a chance to see what all the fuss was about . For those who lived this , it is a chance to reflect on what seemed like a path we controlled yet in reality was a long corridor we chose to travel down in straitjackets with an exit sign at the end beyond which lies the big train wreck .
 Watching the film the first time through , I wondered why there was so much emphasis on Kalil , the ex-Wall Street finance guy , and so little on Tom , his childhood friend , with whom he starts a dot com at the rather late point in the Internet revolution of early 1999 . While Kalil 's an interesting character , you see literally nothing about the actual work being done by people to create the product they are trying to sell . Granted the story is about two friend who start a business , but it has a lopsided feel . Listening to the directors ' commentary , you learn that one of them was Kalil 's roommate before the film began . It 's a well-done project with a lot of human drama , but it misses that piece that explains why their competitor 's sites were so much better than their own , as you learn late in the documentary.Whatever the World Wide Web becomes in later incarnations , this is an overall interesting look at it 's nascent attempts to be commercially successful and the people who scrambled more to raise money than to look at ways of meeting the actual needs of a particular marketplace -LRB- in this case , linking people to local government . -RRB- It would have been nice to seem through Tom whether or not any attempt at all was made in this area .
 Solid movie based upon the content . Overall , a good insight to embracing the entrpreneurial lifestyle to see a dream come true . I would recommend this only to those who have dreams of working for self .
 Great flick for the right reasons . This is a must-see for start-up businesses . It has really helped me both with the actual process of starting up a new business and for motivation to do so .
 The Bottom Line : As with most documentaries which involve candid moments there 's always some doubt as to the veracity of the characters ' actions , but -LSB- ... -RSB- has so much compelling material about the rise and fall of a quintessential -LSB- ... -RSB- -LRB- a not-so-necessary website called govworks that would allow you to pay parking tickets and such online -RRB- which burns through millions of venture capital without any real thought to turning a profit that it quickly dispels such concerns ; if you 're at all interested in that particular bubble of about a decade ago , check out this interesting film .3 / 4
 Anyone with the faintest un-suppressed memory of the Internet boom should watch the cautionary `` Startup.com , '' an intense look at the treacherous waters of American business start-ups . Chris Hegedus -LRB- `` The War Room '' -RRB- and Jehane Noujaim -LRB- `` Control Room '' -RRB- were lucky enough to capture the full dramatic arc of Tuzman and Herman 's venture , from the height of the Internet frenzy to the dot-com bubble 's big burst . `` Start-up '' demonstrates how the rules of cut-throat modern entrepreneurship can transform positive human ambition into nerve-shredding obsession .
 A very interesting subject , but this doco does n't quite flesh it out satisfactorily.The opening 3/4 is fine , but it is the last 15 minutes that so disappoints . As the dotcom boom turns to bomb there is virtually no coverage of the monumental NASDAQ collapse and the financial hole that the likes of boo.com , epets , yahoo , aol etc fell/have fallen into . I appreciate that the doco is more about the relationship between Tom and Kaleil , but seeing more information about the actual govworks product , who was using it , why it failed , and how so many others failed , would have added so much to the story . As it is you get the feeling that govworks was alone in its failure . There is little of the additional background story which would have fleshed out the govworks story immeasurably.This failure to place govworks in the 2000 dotcom crash perspective saves this story from being excellent.Technically some of the focusing and framing is poor , as you 'd expect . Worse tho is the terrible lip-sync which is sometimes wildly out of kilter which adversely affects ones ability to follow the story . A subtitle track would also have helped to follow some of the muffled telephone calls.Overall tho , a very good slice of life at the turn of the century .
 I originally rented Startup.com because of a lack of worthwhile selections at the local Blockbuster . Also , a guy I grew up with worked at GovWorks from the early days . My expectations were low . Most dot com company cultures and techies I 've come into contact with are overly quirky and boring - definitely not entertainment value.I was pleasantly surprised when I viewed the dvd . The story is enthralling and the content is timely . The founders , Tom Herman and Kalil Isaza Tuzman , are freinds from childhood with radically different personalities -LRB- exacerbated by the editing -RRB- . Tom is the uptight techie tinkering in the shadows with remedial social skills . Kalil is Mr. Charisma with unbounded ambition looking to cinch the big deal and steam roll anybody in his path.The business is formed and funded . The founders ' personalities clash . A power struggle ensues . GovWorks ' shaky business model , the internet mania , and the odd freindship between Tom and Kalil all unravel at about the same time . This outcome is predictable . What is fascinating and disturbing is watching all the ambition , posturing and hubris foment from inception until the ultimate devistation - shut down day.This movie is a fine example of the times . Tom and Kalil are highly talented and intelligent with excellent career tracks . Inexplicably , they quit their jobs to go for the big score , instant IPO wealth , and ultimately get trashed by the crazy juggernaut they create .
 Upon seeing this film for the first time , you may be convinced it is mocumentary - but unfortunately these clowns are for real . Meet the worst of America . Kaliel Tuzman and Tom Herman - two of America 's most clueless and embarassing dot-communists . During the internet boom , these uneducated dolts attempted to form a dotcom . GOVWORKS.NET - These idiots did not even know what the name meant - yet in the greed and disgusting ignorance of the dotcom boom - felt they could make millions out of defrauding innocent members of the online communtity.Luckily the Academy award nominated creaters of famed documentary THE WAR ROOM - were there to record the disgusting greed and stupidity these `` men '' vomited upon every person in their way.As a testament to the filmmakers and not the trash of their subjects this film is a great success , we can only hope those evil men do not make a penny off of this film.Any fan of documentary , film or watching evil humans get what they deserve - need to check out this wonderful flick ! 5 stars !
 I 've watched many documentaries but nothing comes closer to home for me than `` Startup.com '' which features the rise and fall of the American dream.I 'm sure many people who worked for a rise and fall dot.com can watch this documentary and see their company and its founders similar to Kaleil Isaza Tuzman and Tom Herman and govworks.com.I 'm always amazed by the quality of the documentaries comming from Pennebaker Hegedus Films and Noujaim Films.From politics to the beginning of a startup company , they did an amazing job showing the beginning of making a company , co-founders having problems with one another and the roller coaster of emotions that is displayed throughout the complete 103 minutes.You are seeing genuine emotions , these are not Hollywood actors , you are watching young businessman trying to make their own startup succeed and the results when friendships is tested.The movie is featured via 5.1 Dolby surround . Do n't expect too much from the audio because it is a documentary . No special effects here.As for special features , we are treated to a special featurette titled `` Documentarians on Documentary '' and the movie trailer . Also , commentary by the directors is available.Although I wish there was more included in this DVD , especially perhaps some footage of the guys with their new startup or somehow commenting about their feelings of the actual documentary.But I found this documentary very intriguing and awesome ! All in all , this was the type of documentary I waited for and the DVD was definitely worth the purchase .
 As a refugee of the Silicon Alley dot-bust , I was interested seeing the experience from the point of view of the entrepreneur . It was incredible to see the levels of arrogance and ignorance that propelled this venture.Although I know that the directors were interested in the human side of the story , I wish they had delved a little more into the technical discussions . It would have lent the whole operation the appearance of competence , if indeed there was any , because there did n't seem to be much . Taking your whole company up to camp for a corny teambuilding weekend ca n't make up for a lack of technical knowledge . Why did n't they realize their product did n't work until a $ 2 million testing session revealed it ? Was anyone at the top keeping an eye on product development?Also , I counted exactly one instance where Kaleil mentioned how they were going to make a profit , but he did n't seem to have any problem burning through millions of dollars . I have to admit it was delicious watching the film knowing that the company fell apart in the end .
 STARTUP.COM is a fascinating documentry / cautionary tale centering around Kaleil Tuzman and Tom Herman , two childhood friends who hit upon the bright idea of establishing a company named govworks.com . The film chronicles 18 months in their lives as the pair strive to make their dream a reality ; eventually reaching a level of success uncanny for such a short period , rubbing shoulders with President Clinton -LRB- I was disappointed that Bill did n't produce one of his famous cigars and ask Kaleil for a light , all the while wiggling his eyebrows like Groucho Marx -RRB- and then ultimately watching it come crashing down around them . Could Tuzman 's astronomical ego and jet turbine sized motor-mouth be to blame ? Watch this and judge for yourself.STARTUP.COM is possibly one of the best documentaries I 've ever seen , despite the two main protagonists being self - absorbed poindexters gone haywire . Essential viewing for anybody who harbors similar ambitions ; this will give you an idea of what NOT to do . It 's only Tuzman 's arrogance that prevents STARTUP.COM from getting 5 stars ; though Herman is equally bad by neglecting his adorable little girl and attractive wife -LRB- How is it possible ? -RRB- in order to become rich and powerful.Finally , it 's interesting to note that throughout the film from shot to shot Herman 's face keeps changing
 I had the pleasure of seeing this film at the Philadelphia Festival of World Cinema . ... `` Startup.com '' is an amazing documentary following the rise and fall of an Internet startup company . A handful of twentysomething entrepreneurs , armed with an idea , a $ 200,000 initial investment , and a vision to facilitate government interaction on the Internet , set out to assemble a business from the ground up . From half a dozen partners to hundreds of employees and millions of dollars in investment capital , the young businessmen grow faster than they 'd ever dreamed . Soon come CNN appearances and meetings with President Clinton . But before long , we 're no longer following the rise of an Internet company ... we 're following its destruction.The subject of the film is amazingly engrossing
 An absolutely fascinating document of the rise and fall of an internet company -LRB- govworks.com -RRB- as the bubble was preparing to burst.Kaleil Tuzman and his buddy Tom decide to create a web site that would work with governments to do things like handle parking ticket payments , license applications , etc...on-line , for a fee , of course . The movie begins with the two friends , along with some business partners , brainstorming over what to call the business and then going out to venture capitalists to raise the funds ... tens of millions of dollars . Early on , the ask a `` man on the street '' what he thinks of the name of their web site . He declares he does n't like it ... does n't trust the government . An early potential investor tells them they 're three years too late with their idea and that it will fail . These words turn out to be prophetic ... but these guys are mostly amused and laugh the criticism off.Tuzman is the focal point of the movie . His is an ego run rampant . We see him scheming ... this is a real , live type-A internet tycoon . His temper flairs , he 's foul-mouthed , he 's full of himself . But he can be convincing and charming too . Tom , his oldest , dearest friend , is very soft-spoken in comparison , and the two occasionally fight ... and occasionally hug in reconciliation.The raise a bunch of money and really start living high on the hog . But when things go downhill , Tuzman turns on Tom and the disintegration of the company and relationship is luridly fascinating . We 'd like to turn away , because what we see is real ... but we ca n't . These guys are getting thier comeuppance ... and that 's fun to see . But we 've also learned to empathize with them ... to hope that THIS TIME the story wo n't turn out the way you know it will.The movie is fun . The filmmakers were SO lucky to get this kind of access at this point in internet history . A few years earlier and maybe govworks might have made it , and then the story would n't have been interesting . A few months later , and there would have been no funding and thus no story to tell.Some viewers who are n't very familiar with venture capital and such might get lost at a few points in the film , BUT , you can certainly understand what 's going on by the roller-coaster of emotions these guys are going through . There 's no narration to tell you what , factually , is happening ... we see it all through the conversations of these guys we 're following . Powerful stuff and worth putting up with the only occasionally esoteric financial details.It 's interesting that we never get a really clear idea of how govworks.com is supposed to work ... I suspect these guys did n't really either . It was a time when just opening up on the web could yield millions . The business model would take care of itself ... so they thought . So , ultimately , startup.com is a cautionary tale . Check it out ... it could be the most fun at the documentaries you 've had !
 It does n't matter if you work or have worked for a dot.com . This movie shows history in the making , by portraying most of the typical problems that companies that rose and fall within the internet space encountered . Things like : - Lack of a solid business plan.-Allowing technical personnel make critical non-technical decisions , affecting whatever 's relevant within the business plan.-The stock option mirage ... :-LRB- - Ridiculous valuations , leading to misled and later dissapointed investors.You get the picture ... This movie shows all of this and more for one dot.com that was documented since its conception , until it went out of business
 This movie is awesome ! Basically , it talks about a startup dot com and takes you through the company timeline from the day the name was chosen until they had to close the doors . A lot of interesting things happened along the way like a break-in , and ... well , I dont want to spoil it for you . If you are thinking about owning your own business , you MUST watch this movie .
 This is pure documentary , all created by a handheld video camera , filmed in 4:3 format . The only artistic aspect is some nifty editing -LRB- e.g. she says to camera that she wants to settle down with Kaleil and get a dog ; he says to the telephone , almost immediately afterwards , but in a different venue , that he hates the idea of having either a dog or a baby . -RRB- This film is not going to win any prizes for cinematography.But what you do get is a fantastically instructive series of lessons in how to start up a business . Ultimately these guys fail , but along the way , you get a lot of lessons in what venture capitalists were looking for , how to attract talent and funding when you seem to have nothing but enthusiasm to offer , how to handle competitors and how to cope with long-term friends in your firm.This is the DVD you need to watch every time you 're thinking of starting up a business , or thinking of going into business with a friend . Not necessarily to put you off , but at least to warn you of some of the dangers.Of course , there is a very different VC climate nowadays , since the dot-com bust , and I would imagine that even then , some of the US practices seen here would not be transferable to the UK without some modification . In this film , it is startling to see a small group of twentysomethings flying between the East Coast and Silicon Valley , casually talking about getting their first $ 15 million of funding when they have no customers and no product . One of the original founders gets out very early -- it seems for $ 700K in cash -- and it looks likely , he is the only one who makes anything out of this venture , called govWorks.com . -LRB- By the way , the film ends with the caption that the firm was bought by a multinational , but that Web address does not seem to work now . Although bizarrely the fictitious Web address implied by the start.com title DOES exist ! -RRB- So , every would-be MBA graduate ought to watch this movie . This exposes the vicious realities -- e.g. that the senior board members you recruited to give your company credibility -LRB- e.g. ex-mayors -RRB- are also the ones prepared to sack you when the going gets tough . But at least these dot-com CEOs did not have to put their houses at risk -- a common stipulation in the UK.It 's rivetting stuff.By the way , in the final scene , Kaleil has settled down with a different woman ... and a dog .
 This film is a nonfiction documentary of an actual start-up . The company , called GovWorks.com , was designed to facilitate interaction between citizens and government . One sample application was allowing a citizen to pay a parking ticket on line.GovWorks is very representative of companies that were started in 1999-2000 . It got funded well before it had any proven revenue model , and it generated a lot of buzz . The CEO made the cover of a number of magazines , and he even appeared on a panel with President Clinton , as shown in the documentary . However , they had not gone public prior to the crash in April 2000 , so when they did not have a revenue model the company collapsed.The documentary focuses primarily on two of the founders -- Kaleil and Tom . They had been friends for over ten years prior to founding the company , and their relationship has ups and downs , culminating in Kaleil firing Tom.Even if you have no interest in start-ups , the relationship between Kaleil and Tom is gripping . They are more dramatic than the `` characters '' in many fictional movies . These are real human beings , not superheroes or cardboard villains.I think that the movie also is instructional . If you start a business , you have to be prepared for tremendous pressure , and you need to be able to deal with your partners under stress . When you watch the two protagonists start to come apart under pressure , do n't think it could n't happen to you.Personally , for an Internet business , I have always favored the bootstrapping model over the venture-capital-funded model . I believe very strongly in spending time in front of customers as opposed to spending time in front of VC 's . I think this movie pretty clearly reinforces my position . GovWorks followed the VC script of trying to spend your way to success . The dismal results were fairly typical .
 This documentary was a voyeuristic look at the rise and fall of the dream of two young men , friends since high school . The two main players , Kaleil , a born salesman , and Tom , the techno person , go from rags to riches to rags again in the frenzied arena of the dot com revolution , with their idea for an e-commerce site that would allow people to pay parking tickets online.At the beginning , when they started to get financial backing , they were not even sure of what they were going to put online ! I was amazed at the financing they were able to obtain , $ 60 million , based on only an idea , nothing tangible . I guess that is why I am not an enterpreneur!I liked the format and never felt that Tom and Kaleil were playing to the camera ... I think they were so self-absorbed that it just did not matter . Watching their failure , even though the viewer knew in advance that it was going to happen , was really painful to see , especially the possiblity that a long-term friendship might end . The clash of their personal and business philosophies was starkly revealed by the cameras
 I did n't even know about the govWorks.com project before I watched this movie . It truly shows that you ca n't go into a business and try to get rich ... with your friends.The story line is pretty hard to follow at some points , but I liked it .
 This was a really interesting film about two friends trying to make it in the . COM boom . It was fascinating to see how their relationship changed during the process of filming .
 When I first started watching this movie I thought it was n't going to be that good . As I got into it totally changed my mind . I am thinking about starting a dot com . This movie really gave me insight on what goes on behind the scenes . This is a must have movie !
 Wonderful stuff !!! I love reading and viewing anything I can get my hands on about this lovely Valley I call home . I 'm fascinated by stories about young people starting . com ventures , both those who made it and those who did n't ! We can all learn from each other , and most of them have the cool attitude
 This is an awesome documentary . You will totally fall in love with Sascha Shulgin and his wife , seriously they are the cutest couple ever . And it will change your mind if you have negative pre-conceived notions on MDMA .
 Explores the struggles and achievements faced by people in the field of psychopharmacology . If you turn on the subtitles -LRB- so you do n't miss anything they say -RRB- , you will be blown away by the knowledge and wisdom shared by the Shulgins , as well as everyone else that was interviewed.If you like this one , also check out the documentary Electronic Awakening .
 I had no expectations when I watched this . I just knew the Shulgins and their slice of the world would be in it.I found the film to be most refreshing . There was no agenda to speak of . After watching I felt like I knew them just a little bit.There are some moments that I found to be unexpected and pleasing . The footage at Burning Man is fun . The shots of the police coming to his lab are telling.The title is referring to Dr Shulgin 's moniker for the molecular structure diagrams that he draws.If you are aware of who this man is and the contributions he and his wife , Anne , have made to psychopharmacology and spirituality , then this film is a must have.Peace and Love all around .
 Dirty Pictures is a film that discusses Alexander T. Shulgin 's remarkable chemistry to expand consciousness . It is now being used to help returning Veterans with PTSD . Best medicine there is for that . It could be used for others with this problem if it were legal .
 BUY THIS NOW ! SUPPORT THE SHULGINS ! THEY NEED YOUR HELP!An informative look into the lives of 2 of the most important human beings living today .
 In most cases the title of a movie relates directly to the content of the film . Other times it may be a purposeful misdirection to heighten interest with perspective members of the audience . This just happens to be the case with a documentary recently released by Broken Glass Pictures , ` Dirty Pictures ' . Your natural inclination would be to think that this film is about pornography or perhaps risqu&eacute; art but you would be far off from the subject matter of this insightful and eminently entertaining movie . This documentary considers the life and work of a name that is most likely unfamiliar to you , Alexander `` Sasha '' Shulgin . As an organic chemist he was responsible for the proliferation of a compound whose technical name is Methylenedioxymenthamphetamine . Once again the name may elude you but it is reasonably certain you know it by its acronym or at least its common street name , MDMA , Ecstasy , or simply ` X ' . There is a lot of just cause to vilify this substance as recreation use and abuse of the drug has accelerated the destruction of many lives leaving a considerable death toll in its wake.Typically there are several approaches a documentary filmmaker can take ranging from humorous to straight arrow serious . The content can also be either colored to suite a particular editorially view point or stick to the facts as if the movie was presenting legal testimony . In the case of the documentarian Etienne Sauret his style is a refreshing combination of previously unconsidered facts presented in a home movie style . This has the effect of seamlessly blending some technical details that brought me back to graduate studies in Organic and bio-chemistry . This subject matter could have turned out a movie that was bone dry or bordering on popular propaganda but in Sauret 's highly talented hands the result was not only exceptionally informative but retained its exceptional entertainment quotient . After a long string of documentaries that try too hard to prove a narrow point of view it is refreshing to watch one that is up front with its intentions . Those vehemently opposed to al uses of psychotropic substances this is not for you . It does place Shulgin 's lifework in a different perspective , one that forwards the concept that certain valid uses for these substances do exist.Long before MDMA was the recreational drug of choice on the rave scene there was serious research into its therapeutic and research potential . It was first synthesized by German chemist , Anton K&ouml;llisch , who was employed by Merck initially while researching its potential as an anti-coagulant . Due in large part to some of the psychogenic side effects this use never really panned out and the formula lay virtually unnoticed in a draw for quite a long time . Due to the intensity of these side effects there was some clinic exploration for use as a treatment for post traumatic stress disorder until the fear of misapplication lead to the criminalization of the substance by classifying it as a schedule I drug in the mid eighties . The profound effects of the drug included euphoria heighten feelings of intimacy , self confidence and peacefulness . These are precisely the psychological alterations that made the substance so desirable in social recreational settings such as rave . There was continued curiosity concerning the therapeutic application as a possibly valid treatment of numerous debilitating conditions . It also captured the keen interest of Sasha Shulgin . As the documentary delves into the primary interest that Sasha felt was over the molecular mechanism of the drug . His basic premise was garnered from a very valid observation , like many psychotropic substances MDMA works by attaching itself to specific bio-chemical receptors in the brain . Sasha was one of the first scientists to investigate a mystery of Neurochemistry ; why should a human brain contain receptor sites for chemicals of this very specific configuration . This dovetailed perfectly into why the drug could be used in the treatment of depression , anxiety and PTSD . He felt that this reason these substances were able to alter our mental state is they were analogous to naturally occurring neurotransmitters that are responsible for everything from our emotions to our perception of the world.Shulgin embarked on decades of diligent work investigating these substances that resulted in him literally writing a couple seminal textbooks on the subject . He also greatly forwarded the precepts that have guided research into the way our brains function on the molecular level ; a level never before imagined by serious researchers . This Harvard educated scientist frequently relied on organoleptic testing methods that attempted to quantify the extremely subjective effects of these drugs . He often utilized himself , his friends and wife of forty years as test subjects . In several scenes in this film they recant the experiments noting the results were a ` Plus One ' or `` Plus Three ' , utilizing the scale Shulgin devised now referred as the Shulgin Rating Scale . To look at Sasha and his associates again you might be mislead . One the surface they come off as a group of aging hippies with long grey hair that has not been tamed in decades . As this film shows you are actually witnessing a group of dedicated researchers that advanced the study of neurobiology by decades . It is notable that they have a whimsical look on their faces as they recall these investigations.I am rapidly becoming a fan of &Eacute;tienne Sauret . I have seen a couple of his documentaries including his fascinating examination of American foreign policy called ` Why We Fight ' . His style here is straight forward and as mentioned frequently unpolished . This is not a comment intended to deride this film it is indeed praise . Sauret is intent on introducing his audience to the man not so much the technical details of the work . He also brilliantly balances the construction of the film between the dedication that was exhibited by Sasha and his devoted wife Ann and the much broader implications of the investigation of this line of research . As Shulgin is quick to note and Sauret displays in his expert fashion some of the most important scientific discoveries are made by human intuition and dedication that is performed by individuals rather than high tech laboratories . Sauret expertly takes a controversial and highly technical subject and humanizes it into an enjoyable visit with the pioneers of this field . The most exciting research ahead will lead to a greater are vital to understanding our humanity and Shulgin lead the way .
 I did some work on behalf of this film -LRB- a long time ago -RRB- , so , bias acknowledged . That said , whatever else you discover in this film , from lovably eccentric geniuses to people with truly dedicated and quietly passionate relationships , you WILL fall in love with the Shulgins and their friends . It 's impossible not to . They 're simply delightful , loving and humorous , and the film shows that throughout.If you 've any interest in smart people who humbly but completely defy convention , and you 're not completely opposed to conversations about psychedelics , you will probably be glad you saw this film . Another warning , seeing it may make you want to buy it .
 Really great film for anyone interested in the Shulgin 's work . In addition to Dr. Shulgin there is also a good bit of information on & interviews with a number of other researchers in this field . I feel like it may be geared more towards those that only know a little bit about Sasha & his work , but enjoyable for those more knowledgeable as well . My only complaint is that there were n't any deleted scenes or extended interviews in the DVD special features . Enjoy !
 How can you not love Sasha and Anne . Such pioneers . Such very , very special people ! MDMA saved my life a dozen times over !
 I 'm shocked to learn that this lovely film has recieved a couple of prominent bad ratings on amazon . I 'm not a `` Shulgin Fanboy '' . In fact , the existence of this marvelous couple just recently entered my consciousness . This film has been the first time i really saw them walk & talk for a longer period , so consider myself rather unbiased.As a documentary filmmaker myself , i deeply appreciate the style of this movie . First of all , one has to appreciate the fact , that this is not a propaganda film '' of some sorts . `` Dirty pictures '' does not scream & shout . It 's progressing silently without failing to entertain , or to inform us about the life of the shulgins and their friends and colleagues . I simply love how the filmmaker decided to include other notable figures , and family to let them speak . Why ? Because the concept of the film is such that it 's not only about the shulgins themselves but also about the core of the psychedelic experience and how one can scientifically deal with the topic . The whole 90 minutes are are truly a glowing example of love and compassion and how these compounds are able to inspire lifelong bonds of partnership in various forms.The film has almost an ethnographic character , leaving a lot for the viewer to figure out . But in a way , it 's ethnographicness is not a deliberate choice of style . The words Sasha an Ann speak , directly tie into the concept of the whole film - in a very crafty way.All i can say is that i thoroughly enjoyed `` Dirty Pictures '' . Stay away if you can only accept a aggressive , highly political style of documentary filmmaking .
 This is a must see for one of the greatest chemist 's of our time ! Shulgin & his wife are my hero 's : -RRB-
 Was hoping for a more current take but all in all a great subject to be explord and could have been done better in my opinon but got ta respect the mans work and life :-RRB- -RRB- -RRB-
 this is a great new group from england , the music reminds me of pink floyd . i have watched 5 time in the two weeks i 've had it . the only problem is the picture is fuzzy on the long shots of the band , also the sound was listed on the case as dts but that was not the case o well . this is still a group to watch .
 This movie was not well received , but I 'm glad I did n't get suckered in by the bad press . The story centers around a set of stolen plates for printing US currency . Perfect plates ... and everybody wants them , including the feds.Strong ensemble cast carries a fairly clever story . I mean , how can you go wrong with Hopper/Madsen/Ice - T/Roberts/Forsythe et.al . And if you think these guys are miscast , maybe you 're missing the humor . Eric Roberts is hilarious as an obvious southern transplant that leans heavily on his best guinea accent when he `` tries '' to be tough . And Sasha Mitchell from the old Dallas clan is hysterical as his hulking moronic bonebreaker . You got ta believe that Ice-T 's not acting when he threatens to go to work on a couple of the boys with a `` blowtorch and vice-grips . `` RIP Dennis Hopper who was a rare talent that could make a living playing himself , and Madsen is as menacing and strange as ever as a `` just how connected is this guy '' loanshark . I loved it . OK , this film begs for an alternate ending but otherwise a fun ride . Does n't deserve the criticism .
 LUCK OF THE DRAW -LRB- 2002 -RRB- , carries several trumps , in the form of itsroster of actors , namely , the great Eric Roberts , Dennis Hopper , Michael Madsen , and ICE-T . The more surprising aspects is its goal in pleasing the youngeraudience , by including the famous rapper , and by the mind-numbing , excessive mortality and brutality shown in this picture , that olderaudiences will find unnecessary , unrealistic or tasteless . There isalso the teenage romance that 's woven into the story , confirming thisanalysis.In addition , the lesson of the movie is its thesis that there is acomplete lack of moral compass , character and religious feeling amongthe people today or at least those shown , such that , each and everywhich one was out to cut themselves a deal , devoid of principles , with money and getting ahead in the world the only guiding factors.Some viewers may find objectionable the blatant , in-your-faceexploitation of female human sexuality for the satisfaction andamusement of the crime bosses , played by Hopper and Ice-T . Or the thebrutal beating given to an elderly accountant , who has medicalissues . The fact that so many gangsters are consistently triggerhappy , suggests this is intentional , in order to please the youngermarket segment.Still , this movie is an excellent Hollywood production , guaranteeingexcellent overall entertainment , in its many facets.Among the strong points to the movie are the action sequences , withfire-fights with a variety of weaponry , fireballs and explosions.As for the music , the soundtrack never overdoes itself in the music , thus managing to avoid distracting viewers from the story , the action ordialog.Another strong point is the serious approach taken with the subjectmatter , involving grifters , counterfeiters , money laundering , bankbranch managers , and CPA 's -LRB- accountants -RRB- , etc. . The grifting aspect , is interesting considering the unexpected twist in the movie , similarto the Las Nueve Reinas picture -LRB- that also featured money plates inits US version . -RRB- As for money laundering , we see the US Secret Service accompanyingthreats posed to the currency , by fake bills and by branch managerscleaning the profits of gang activity to reach corporate profit andindividual career objectives . Here , the branch manager has personalrelationships with 2 of the top ring leaders in the community , cleaning the profits of those dirty business underneath a sheath ofrespectability and prestige . They tell the manager '' Over the years , I 've paid you well ! '' indicating those bank employees were getting acut.The police 's oath to obedience is questioned , by showing a cop who ` sthe crime ring 's payroll , as an informant and killer , allowing ahospital patient to be taken out.The script is also excellent , with the occasional amusing line , such as '' How are you ? Fine '' to which Roberts replies `` Well , thatcould change ! `` Overall , notwithstanding the trail of bodies , the bloodbath thatoccurs amongst the gangsters , like rats after a piece of cheese , andeven the rivalry among the US Secret Service in getting the merit forthe crackdown , or the jaded hypocrisy that the film suggests existsin society , from the actors , the quality in all aspects asmentioned results in a crowd pleasing product in theaters .
 LUCK OF THE DRAW -LRB- 2002 -RRB- , carries several trumps , in the form of itsroster of actors , namely , the great Eric Roberts , Dennis Hopper , Michael Madsen , and ICE-T . The more surprising aspects is its goal in pleasing the youngeraudience , by including the famous rapper , and by the mind-numbing , excessive mortality and brutality shown in this picture , that olderaudiences will find unnecessary , unrealistic or tasteless . There isalso the teenage romance that 's woven into the story , confirming thisanalysis.In addition , the lesson of the movie is its thesis that there is acomplete lack of moral compass , character and religious feeling amongthe people today or at least those shown , such that , each and everywhich one was out to cut themselves a deal , devoid of principles , with money and getting ahead in the world the only guiding factors.Some viewers may find objectionable the blatant , in-your-faceexploitation of female human sexuality for the satisfaction andamusement of the crime bosses , played by Hopper and Ice-T . Or the thebrutal beating given to an elderly accountant , who has medicalissues . The fact that so many gangsters are consistently triggerhappy , suggests this is intentional , in order to please the youngermarket segment.Still , this movie is an excellent Hollywood production , guaranteeingexcellent overall entertainment , in its many facets.Among the strong points to the movie are the action sequences , withfire-fights with a variety of weaponry , fireballs and explosions.As for the music , the soundtrack never overdoes itself in the music , thus managing to avoid distracting viewers from the story , the action ordialog.Another strong point is the serious approach taken with the subjectmatter , involving grifters , counterfeiters , money laundering , bankbranch managers , and CPA 's -LRB- accountants -RRB- , etc. . The grifting aspect , is interesting considering the unexpected twist in the movie , similarto the Las Nueve Reinas picture -LRB- that also featured money plates inits US version . -RRB- As for money laundering , we see the US Secret Service accompanyingthreats posed to the currency , by fake bills and by branch managerscleaning the profits of gang activity to reach corporate profit andindividual career objectives . Here , the branch manager has personalrelationships with 2 of the top ring leaders in the community , cleaning the profits of those dirty business underneath a sheath ofrespectability and prestige . They tell the manager '' Over the years , I 've paid you well ! '' indicating those bank employees were getting acut.The police 's oath to obedience is questioned , by showing a cop who ` sthe crime ring 's payroll , as an informant and killer , allowing ahospital patient to be taken out.The script is also excellent , with the occasional amusing line , such as '' How are you ? Fine '' to which Roberts replies `` Well , thatcould change ! `` Overall , notwithstanding the trail of bodies , the bloodbath thatoccurs amongst the gangsters , like rats after a piece of cheese , andeven the rivalry among the US Secret Service in getting the merit forthe crackdown , or the jaded hypocrisy that the film suggests existsin society , from the actors , the quality in all aspects asmentioned results in a crowd pleasing product in theaters .
 `` Jesus ' Son '' barely got a theatrical release , so here 's your chance to discover one of the quirkiest and most heartfelt movies to come along since the ` 70s output of the late , great director Hal Ashby -LRB- `` Harold & Maude , '' `` Coming Home '' -RRB- . From Denis Johnson 's low-key , disjointed short stories about addicts and outcasts , director Alison Maclean and her writers/adapters have distilled a narrative that 's both goofy and lucid . The story drifts and meanders , as it should - our protagonist is a survivor who 's still trying to comprehend his salvation . Anyone who took drugs in the ` 70s will be stunned by how familiar and true is the recreation of that era ; bigger-budgeted period pieces often settle for easy nostalgia via bad wigs and hit parades , but here , offbeat locations and music selections spark forgotten memories of two-laned interstates , abandoned drive-ins and AM radio.Unlike flashier but similar-themed junkie laments , `` Jesus ' Son '' is a triumph of substance over style
 My first take on first viewing was
 As `` Jesus ' Son '' began , I braced myself for yet one more depressing character study of low-life , substance-addicted losers a la `` Panic In Needle Park '' , `` Barfly '' , `` Sid and Nancy '' or '' -LRB- insert name of your favorite Gus van Sant film here -RRB- '' . However , as the movie unfolded I realized that I was watching the kind of subtle yet picaresque tale that has been MIA in American cinema since the 70 's ... `` Scarecrow '' , `` Two-Lane Blacktop '' , `` Rancho Deluxe '' , etc. . The chameleon-like Billy Crudup scores as the chronically underachieving antihero , delivering his first-person voiceover in a non-linear `` verite '' style . Samantha Morton -LRB- `` Sweet & Lowdown '' -RRB- gives a notable performance as Crudup 's enabling junkie girlfriend . The irrepressible Jack Black continues his reign as the Thinking Man 's Chris Farley with a memorable turn as a manic , pill popping hospital orderly with interesting ideas about `` prepping '' patients . Great cameos abound , including a virtually unrecognizable Denis Leary -LRB- who for once goes a little deeper than just playing himself -RRB- . Quite rewarding for patient viewers .
 If you came of age -LRB- or nearly did -RRB- in the 60 's , you may recall a moment -- very likely sometime in the early 70 's , unless you were extremely prescient and saw it coming earlier -- when all the hippie idealism pretty much just dissolved before your eyes and was replaced by ... well , whatever it was replaced by . I recall being actually kind of angry at all these small town stoners whose only countercultural value was , quite frankly , drug taking . Society was not about to undergo a profound spiritual transformation at their hands . Of course , it was scarcely about to at anyone else 's either ... but who knew back then?Lost souls like JESUS SON 'S `` FH '' were really not uncommon back in the day . They may not have been uncommon back in any day . But the 60s and early 70s brand was perhaps a little more noticeable and , in some senses , sympathetic because of their vaguely anti-establishment stance . For a brief moment in history , outcasts were almost taken seriously . These people really did exist . As surreal as JESUS ' SON sometimes gets , it remains grounded in its very vivid , very authentic characters.Yes , there were certain junkie truths that ultimately became cinematic cliches . The numrerous OD 's , the failed love relationships and the sporadic attempts at redemption are all elements of JESUS ' SON . And yet , they come across as less cliched in this particular druggie film than in some others . Perhaps it 's because the acting is almost uniformly excellent -- with leads , Billy Crudup and Samantha Morton , deserving of particular praise . Perhaps too it 's , at least in part , because FH 's ultimate redemption is a plausible one . Out of rehab , he gets a job in a different kind of rehabilitation center , a home for sufferers of rare neurological diseases . It is finally there that he realizes that there may indeed be a place in the world for people like him.Many viewers will find the final , sobered up segment of the film a little weaker dramatically than the drug addled scenes that precede it . That 's true , but the end is also something of a relief . FH would surely have joined the ranks of his fallen comrades in arms had it not been for rehab and the chance at a new life in a new city . It 's the kind of ending you could call `` bittersweet '' -- if you use terminology like that . It 's also one of only two possible endings for someone like `` FH '' -- and , like him , you 're grateful for that much.When I first heard of this movie , I immediately recognized the source of the title as being a line from Lou Reed 's `` Heroin . '' I was disappointed , at first , to see that that song was not incluced on the soundtrack . But on further reflection , that actually seemed the better choice . Lou Reed is the quintessetial urban poet . FH never even comes close to New York City or any other real metropolis . The Neil Young , Doug Sahm and Louvin Brothers tracks actually used in the film are actually more fitting .
 Oscar Award shows come and go and pass up so many unbelievable movies which deserve Oscar 's , JESUS ' SON is one of those many films . This film is one terrific ride with alot of dark comedy to make you laugh but still focuses on a very serious subject drug addiction . Billy Crudup -LRB- of the most recent film ALMOST FAMOUS -RRB- delivers an nothing less than brilliant performance and the ordeals of his crazy life . Some unforgettable scenes make this one of the greatest original films of the past decades . Be warned watch out for parasailing nude ladiess . Watch the film and you will know .
 The story of `` Jesus ' Son '' is lifted from a series of short stories by author Denis Johnson . That explains the jostling and somewhat disjointed episodes of FH 's -LRB- Billy Crudup -RRB- life . Given the subject , I think jostled and disjointed works to its credit . `` Jesus ' Son '' is a story about a man named FH . FH is a junkie . His girlfriend Michelle -LRB- Samantha Morton -RRB- introduces him to heroin and a lifestyle that 's ... well , disjointed , focused on just getting by . It 's a tender bond born of a shared weakness . FH soon becomes a hardcore drug addict , taking -LRB- and breaking -RRB- anything he comes into contact with . Thus begins a series of comic and tragic episodes featuring a motley crew of supporting characters -LRB- played in part by Jack Black , Denis Leary , and Denis Hopper -RRB- . The movie represents drugs honestly . They are n't portrayed as evil , nor does the movie get caught up in nave drug glorification . The drug sequences are surreal and comical . They even add depth to FH 's experience , not just in terms of short term sensory perception , but his experience of tragedy and human deprivation . The movie contains one of the funniest episodes I 've ever seen , where FH becomes an emergency room orderly . He and fellow orderly Georgie -LRB- Jack Black -RRB- use their position to score drugs . When the ER is visited by a man with a Rambo style survival knife sticking through his eye -LRB- says FH , trying to out-pun the ER staff
 As is the case with most of the films I watch , I saw this movie on IFC one day in 2003 . I have to say , it was one of the most compelling films I 've saw that year . The basic premise deals with a young man who 's trying to keep his life in order while attempting to say goodbye to heroine and other notable drugs . His one huge problem is that everything in his life before drug rehab revolves around the narcotics he 's so earnestly trying to flee from . The result is a journey - spiritual and psychological - where the young man begins to see life for what it really is
 Although it is far from perfect , `` Jesus ' Son '' stands as a shining example of what is to be valued in independent filmmaking . It 's impossible to imagine this film being produced in Hollywood . The subject matter is thorny , the form is innovative and most characters are ambiguous . In short , there 's little here for a mass audience can grab onto . Yet , anyone choosing to pass this little film by will be missing something worthwhile . `` Jesus ' Son '' , which takes its title from a Lou Reed song , expresses itself as a narrative memory . The film has the feel of random pages read out of someone 's diary . It opens with a voice-over and we are immediately aware of an eccentric approach
 Movie Summary
 great movie . hilarious but also very sad , you really see the price the main characters pay for their addictions .
 A great film . Funny , smart , and heartbreaking at times . The story is basically the life of a junkie , but it that reveals that in every person , in every human life there can be moments , either sad or happy , of true beauty . If you really like it , try reading the book . It 's beautifully written , and some of the lines you 'll recognize in the movie . By the way , Billy Crudup is an awesome actor .
 NO ONE knows how great this movie is , everyone takes it for granted.It 's hilarious , trippy , sad , well acted andawesome .
 it was just fine I saw no reason not to buy it again . . one of the best movies I ever saw
 I ordered a total of five books . Each book came from a different vendor!I would like to say I had a window of ten days , which is shorter than your window time - to have all delivered soI could have them early enough to wrap and send for Christmas.Each and every single one came within that time frame . Four came within one week of order ! The other a couple more days later . Well within the time you offered!I bought Jesus Son , used , in good , like new condition and that is exactly how it arrived.Wrapped in plastic so it looked like new.GREAT JOB !! I am a fan and order often now from Amazon . Not just books either !
 A few scenes where it 's supposedly Iowa it is actually my hometown of Riverside , NJ ! I remember back then my coworkers told me that a movie was being filmed in my town and I should go watch the filming . Unfortunately I worked so much and was always on my feet all day that when I was at home I would be sleeping . I wish I could go back and change that but oh well . Some of the scenes are only 1 block away from my old house !
 ` Jesus ' Son ' is the kind of wild and uncontrollable film that P.T Anderson and Charlie Kauffman are famous for . If you are looking for a ordinary and easily explainable film , this is not it . If you want to see a film that does not apologize for any of its beautiful and symbolic scenes , this is it . This film is not timid , and does n't back down . ` Jesus ' Son ' takes a little while to find itself , in its first few scenes it seems a little lost , but it soon finds its path , and leaves us having experienced a very unique film . The main character , ` FH ' -LRB- billy crudup -RRB- is not Jesus ' son , but like him , he is n't written about , and was n't supposed to happen . He is the odd man out in this world , trying to find a place where he can live , learn , and hopefully grow .
 I really enjoyed this movie . Its not for everyone but I think it was a great show . The movie had a sort of authenticity about it . Although , not all of us experience the same things in life we can all agree that it is a rollercoaster ride . Sometimes up and sometimes down . This movie covered the rollercoaster ride of a mans turbulant life and somehow I could relate to it because the directer keept it authentic , fresh , and real
 To paraphrase Heinlein in Stranger In A Strange Land , we laugh because life is painful , we laugh to get rid of the hurt . Jesus ' Son had me laughing the entire way . So much so that a woman who was in the theatre with me complementd me on my -LRB- comprehending ? , well-timed ? -RRB- laugh afterward . This movie is so adept at finding humor in life 's tragedies and wisdom in it 's utter idiocy , I could n't help but convulse with laughter and emotion . Yet the tone is quite somber . Billy Crudup plays an irresponsible junkie who wants only to make life better for him and his , but only makes things worse . Repeatedly . Anyone can relate to that . And my money says that most will be moved by it .
 Wonderful depiction of a guy who has a void in his life that he seems to be searching to fill . He tries drugs , and other things , and finally realizes his truth in sobriety . very interesting story and twists along the way , as well as trying to match up the title to the movie .
 I LOVE this movie , great actors , great situations they find themselves in . . I can definately see the things they do really happening . This movie is hilarious . .
 This movie , which showcases actor Billy Crudup , almost too good looking for his own good , is completely believable in this small story of a drug addicted and possibly mentally ill young man who eventually achieves redemption in an unexpected way . Samantha Morton as his doomed girlfriend is also good . Check it out , indie fans .
 I often confused this film with Drugstore Cowboy , but this film stands on it 's own for it 's more surreal quality to it . A memorable scene is when Billy Crudup 's character is working in a hospital with Jack Black 's character and some guy comes into the emergency room with a butcher knife through the eye . Great film about a young man 's awkward journey into life .
 This film is n't perfect but it is wonderfully-original and refreshing . The acting is excellent , the story is fractured but interesting , and there 's not a cliche to be found . Watching the film , I found it interesting that while the film takes place in the early 70 's , it also reflects the freedom given to directors back then in that post - `` Easy Rider '' / pre-blockbuster era . I 'm a little amazed that a movie this off-the-wall and different could be made these days but I 'm glad it was .
 If you buy Inside Emerson , Lake & Palmer - 1970-1995
 This product should be seen by all people that really love both music as true art and great musicians . The grade of virtuosity displayed by these three musicians here is `` Absolute Gold Standard '' . I have always loved the first album called simply `` Emerson , Lake and Palmer '' and mainly two songs one of them is `` The Barbarian '' and the other one is `` Take a pebble '' . The performance of `` The barbarian '' in this DVD is superb , very energetic , curiously this song is the first one in the first album and is the mathematical demonstration of the total virtuosity of this group as if they wanted to show since the first time that they were n't here to fool people , as if they wanted to address the following message to the world , `` we are serious musicians and we love to play musical instruments '' . The other performances here are of the same level of quality and the drum solo played by Carl Palmer here is one of the most different ones I have ever seen and listened in my life , his ability and rhythm control capacity are only equalled by Neil Peart from Rush . One thing that jumps to ones eyes is how easy they play such a complex pieces of music and how they were happy those days in playing together . Simply Buy this DVD , play it and enjoy it , you are going to watch real musician 's performances and listening to great music .
 Just to provide a little more info from a previous review . As it was mentioned this performance was broadcast on Belgium TV in 1972 and was heavily bootlegged . The original performance was in Zurich , Switzerland in December 1970 . Not sure that aspect of it has been mentioned here .
 Emerson Lake Palmer 's first album was always my favorite and this video was shot around the time of that first release . With a young Emerson Lake & Palmer in top form performing three songs from that first album , this is now my favorite DVD from ELP.It appears to be transferred from film -LRB- although the aspect ratio is still 4:3 -RRB- . The digitally re-mastered DD 5.1 sound is really very good . That is , as long as you are not comparing it to DVDs recorded with modern technology standards . But I 'd rather see an outstanding performance of a young ELP with very good sound than a recent lackluster performance with great sound.There are some `` special effects '' that are annoying -LRB- typical of concert footage from that era -RRB- , but they are not nearly as annoying as the effects in the Pictures at an Exhibition DVD.I 've included the track list and liner notes from the DVD.Track list : Barbarian -LRB- Emerson , Lake , Palmer , Bartok -RRB- Rondo / Bach ImprovisationsDrum SoloNut RockerTake A Pebble -LRB- Lake -RRB- Knife Edge -LRB- Emerson , Lake , Frasier , Janacek -RRB- Liner Notes from the DVD : The first true super group of the seventies Emerson , Lake , and Palmer were a world wide phenomenon and rose to prominence as one of the highest grossing acts in the history of rock.The band was assembled by brining together three young musical geniuses in the form of keyboard wizard Keith Emerson from the Nice along with bassist/vocalist Greg Lake from King Crimson and the legendary Carl Palmer from Atomic Rooster on drums.This was an outstanding collection of musicians and the band almost instantly shot to worldwide fame on the back of their spectacular first album.It is that first album which is featured here with ELP jamming and improvising around the core structure of the extended pieces . This is a young Emerson Lake and Palmer captured at the very beginning of a legendary career.As these pieces were filmed at the time when the band had only just recorded their ground breaking first album ELP had not yet built a large repertoire and therefore had to use all of their huge individual creative talents to create a full show . That 's what makes this film so special.Keith Emerson gives a dazzling display of extensive improvisation including all of the stage tricks , which would make ELP famous and triumphant . In this film the keyboard maestro demonstrates his full range of stunts including playing the organ upside down . Despite the showmanship the music remains rock steady as Emerson flies through a series of breathtaking improvisations based around JS Back 's `` Well Tempered Clavier '' . You 'll also find inventive percussions from Carl Palmer including a breathtaking solo spot which amply demonstrates why Palmer would go on to become the most famous rock drummer of all time.The film is capped by a bravura performance at the mike and both on bass and acoustic guitars by the young Greg Lake.Taken together these mind blowing individual performances add up to the magic of Emerson Lake and Palmer and make this an essential addition to the collection of any fan of the progressive rock era .
 I was surprised to find that this DVD is of ELP 's early performnce on Belgium T.V.that has been available as a bootleg product . In a word the DVD is OUTSTANDING . Very good resolution and sound . There 's quite a bit of improvisation and EL&P actually seem to be enjoying themselves . They do n't appear to take themselve too serious although the music is right on the mark . I have always been more of a fan of the late 70 's ELP , but this DVD has swayed me toward their early years . In any event , buy the DVD while you can . The ELP Digest indicates that the DVD was not authorized by ELP .
 This disk shows ELP very early in their career . As another reviewer has stated , there are some '' effects '' that are n't needed , but the performance is awesome . Included is an extra track at the end , and the original version of Take a Pebble with the Dog Named Blue lyrics . The band is in great spirits , and their abilities are well showcased . A must have.Let 's hope there 's more '' in the vaults '' . After seeing this disk , there can be no doubt the Emerson is the best rock keyboardist to ever take the stage . I had trouble with the sound , and could only get it to play in 2 channel Dolby . But even that way , the sound is better than most CD quality .
 During the early seventies , groups formed out of members of other rock bands that explored avenues of music that combined rock and classical elements . This was progressive rock , best represented by bands such as Yes , Genesis , Jethro Tull , Triumvirat and this trio of Englishmen who go by their last names . Keith Emerson -LRB- The Nice -RRB- , Greg Lake -LRB- King Crimson -RRB- and Carl Palmer -LRB- The Crazy World of Arthur Brown -RRB- were lean and hungry in their early years , willing to go off the deep end in their passion for music . This DVD of an old Belgian TV show is a prime example of the group 's early work . It is fresh and powerful , without the trappings that later accompanied ELP 's success . Brief interviews with the trio show that they had a sense of humor about themselves but not their music
 In response to the previous reviewer who guessed this may contain the missing songs from the `` Pictures at an exhibition '' laserdisc it is in fact not that , but their 1971 performance on Belgian Tv , the ELP management claims this is unauthorized , so best to grab it quickly . They do claim that they will be releasing a superior version as part of an upcoming ELP career retrospective , but whether that will contain the entire belgian performance -LRB- which is 2 parts each aprox 30 mins , and has circulated for years on bootleg video -RRB- is doubtfull
 as an elp fan from the get go , i bought this dvd based on reviews of the a/v quality . it definitely did not disapoint ! picture quality is better than the manticore/montreal dvd , and the footage shows a young , enthusiastic and incredibly talented ELP that was already buring white hot . word is , the band does not or did approve of this release . but with the amount of time it takes for ` anything to be released ' by them -LRB- solo or vault material -RRB- why wait ! buy it now , and enjoy ! it 's an absolute brilliant performance by a band that has long been the brunt of many undeserved negative reviews . yet stripped of all the elements that made critics hate the band , it clearly shows that the critics were wrong all along . ELP should be proud of this release .
 Rock and Roll Your Eyes was the title of the ONLY ELP concert video -LRB- way back when you went to see these concerts in the movie theater before there were VCR 's -RRB- That film consisted of what is now the DVD Pictures at An Exhibition and this group of `` missing '' songs . For years I wondered whatever happened to the rest of the film I saw in my youth . Authorized or no , I welcome it 's return .
 I was also saddened to find out this was n't an official release , but I 'm not sorry I bought it . The quality , sound and video is just wonderful and it 's a picture of ELP from a time when they were `` Masters of the Stage '' . The comedic beginning and the interviews are priceless , but the performance is just the ultimate . Keith 's improvisations , Greg 's vocals and acoustic work , Carl and Greg 's camaraderie , their youth , their passion for the music ... its all here in this video.The one tip I 'll give you when watching this dvd ... this was actually 2 shows that were spliced together to make one dvd . . so if you start from the beginning you can find many times when the boys seem to change shirts in a flash ... There 's also a spot during Knife Edge when you think Greg has repeated the same verse twice , till you notice he 's wearing a different shirt on the second verse ... its fun just spotting these little lapses in continuity ...
 This is the complete film of the February 6 , 1971 concert shot at Theater 140 in Brussels , Belgium as shown on Belgian TV 's `` Pop Shop '' program.Everything here is included in thePictures At An Exhibition -LRB- Special Edition -RRB- DVD -LRB- which has better video quality -RRB- , except for `` The Barbarian , '' which is only available on this DVD.Note that the `` Pictures ... -LRB- Special Edition -RRB- '' DVD lists separate tracks such as `` Interview '' and `` Blues Jam / Nutrocker '' but they are included in this film as well
 Hot Movie . The cover boy seemed really like a straight guy . Thought it was great . Would love to see him in other movies .
 This could only happen in a movie . Jake and Luhann are together and ready to marry , at least Luhann is . Jake , during a bout with cold feet and wanting to be sure he is making the right decision , has an affair with another woman . In order to be fair to his intended , Jake confesses to Luhann , who ends the relationship . Jake then gives his fiancee a deal based on payback
 SEE THIS FILM.No one should be offended by the infidelity in this film . There is no gratuitous or unnecessary sex in this film . In fact they do n't show anything more than kissing . The main characters , Luanne and Jake are engaged but he cheats . He does it to makes sure he is n't missing out or whaterever . The point is , he was wrong to do it . He realizes that he is n't missing out and that he has no doubt about wanting to marry her . He confesses and wants her to date another man to make it even so they can move on . It 's twisted but I understand why he would do it . The problem is that it 's a overly simplistic , shortsighted way to resolve it , so it goes further than he expects . The thing I loved about this film is that it forces her to examine her expectations and fantasies about love , marriage and morals realistically . There was no sugarcoating or ignoring real human emotions . In this movie they did n't make any technical distinctions based on where they were in their relationship . Like , `` she can get over it because they were on a break '' She had to deal with the reality that he made a selfish decision that ruined their perfect record . She had to make a hard decision about what she wanted now . They did n't patronize women by having her go out on a string of wacky dates with crazy men and go running back gratefully to her cheating ex-fiancee . And they did n't have her change her morals dramatically . She learned some things without totally succumbing to cynicism and lowering her standards to fit in a unworthy man . Because it bugs me when women act like any man is better than none so they accept someone who they ca n't even discuss with their girlfriends without being ashamed . The story was refreshing and it did n't seem low budget.This looked ` real ' and real was looking pretty nice . They had nice apartments and clothes . The actors were attractive and dressed suitably for their setting . They did n't seem unreal at all . I wish Billie James was in something else because I was impressed .
 I was so happy when this came in the mail , on time and in great shape , just like the description . thanks
 This film is based on actual events at Lindhurst High School in Olivehurst , California , May 1 , 1992 . The local community strongly resisted and resented the making of this film , but they tuned in just the same , and those of us involved agreed that the film is a powerfully , even disturbingly , truthful presentation of the events of a shooting spree followed by an eight hour standoff and hostage negotiation.I was a technical adviser for this film , and so had the priviledge of visiting the set to see some of the filming , and to meet the cast and crew . Everyone involved with the project invested themselves very heavily in this project , were happy to be working with the director Michael Watkins -LRB- a real talent -RRB- , and showed genuine interest in portraying reality as closely as possible . Their dedication really shows in the final product . Obviously , liberties have to be taken to keep a desensitized television audience enrapt , but truth be known , the portrayals in this film are very close to the reality of the situation , at least from the perspectives of the character portrayed by Freddie Prinze Jr. . Henry Winkler 's character is based on the story of another technical advisor to the production , and I suspect that this is also very close to reality . In fact , much of the script is taken from transcripts of tapes the police made of the event with hidden microphones . Producer Steve Natt and his associates worked for nearly three years to get this movie off the ground and have it done right.Ten years ago , I lost a beloved teacher and three beloved classmates to a gunman whose own life had spiralled down into hopelessness and dispair . His pain and anguish led him to cause inflict pain and anguish on others about which the local paper still runs articles . The top-notch performances by the writer , the actors , the director , and every member of the crew made this an extraordinarily watchable , yet true-to-life portrayal of a tragedy that torments many lives still today.The truth is always worth telling , and this film does it .
 I was a senior at Lindhurst High School the day of the shooting in 1992 , and this movie , which the story was based , has done its homework . There is not a day that goes by that I am not , in some way , reminded or affected by the horrific events of that May 1 day . I was 19 at the time of the shooting when I lost my first period teacher , which this film portrays . He was more like a lifelong family friend than just my Civics Instructor . He was a true mentor to me and an inspiration to everyone who knew him . He will continue to be missed and never forgotten . This true-to-life epic recaptures the raw terror and horror of the siege . I very highly recommend this movie to everyone .
 I love true-to-life movies and I just finished watching it without realizing what was in store for me . First off , I wanted to add that the DVD provides a commentary track with the actor Henry Winkler and director Steve Natt . The director Steve Natt really does mention where the film was done and where the story originated from . This film was based on a true story from Northern California and was filmed in Utah . The incident took place in May 1 , 1992 -LRB- during the week of the L.A. rioting -RRB- and the film began to take shape four years later . I think the director Michael Watkins did a remarkable job with this film by bringing the small town to life before our eyes . The struggle between the emotions and the urgency at hand were protrayed remarkably . Also , all those who worked on the music did a great job . Over all the acting is really good , but the story is not very appealing to many who rather see something more joyful .
 I never heard of this movie before , so I decided to gamble as it has Rick Schroeder , who played Jon Voight 's little boy in the 1979 The Champ . And this movie really exciting as it keeps you glued to the screen for its 90 mins running time.The story is about a high school Drop out -LRB- Rick Schroeder -RRB- who got fired from his job because he has no high school diploma . So he came back to his old high school and started shooting at teachers and students and held the entire school hostage . It is said to be based on a true story but did n't say when it took place . Henry Winkler is great as the role of hostage negotiator . Freddie Prinze Jr co star as one of the student hostages.The DVD is OK . The full screen picture is bright and clear and the sound is not too bad considering a made for TV movie . Overall this DVD is worth at least a rental .
 We loved the movie and watched it several times . It came in the mail very quickly . In fact , it came in the mail a couple of days later . The movie was good . I liked how the young man kept his head and worked with the police to get not only himself but his fellow classmates released from the hostage situation .
 Until NYPD Blue did I ever see Ricky Schroeder in a dramatic roll as an adult . I loved him in that show , as did I in `` Hostage High . '' He acted the part extremely well . His facial expressions and blank stares during the movie were eerie . Just like that of an actual crazed killer . Yet he also showed the confused and caring side of this person Jason Copeland.I only wish they would have given more detail about the real incident and people involved . The end of the movie sort of left me hanging , wanting to know more about the actual event and the life of the actual killer .
 I have saw this film and it is a good one but the problem is i was one of the real hosteges and the movie is close enough to dreg up alotta memmorys i have tryed to for get i lost alotta good frends that day wich for their sake i will not say and my child hood to boot but to tell ya the truth if it is to be tolde it should be told the way it really went but for vewing sake good job all in all i just wish i would have known about this when it was being mad this is dedicated to all my frends and teachers who lived this nightmire with me i love all of ya ... forever in my thoughts ... John M
 I saw this movie when it first came out , but it was called `` Detention
 I was impressed with the leads and this is a movie based on actual happenings . Prinze in one of his better roles and Schroder has never been better . the school shooting footage themselves might disturb a lot of viewers and it puts thoughts in your mind . Schroder is electric as the kid who was once a student at the school , comes back . Henry Winkler is great also as the police chief . powerful , violent to the extreme and a shcoking end that will leave you hanging .
 I was actually an extra in this film . During production the film was called `` Detention '' . The director and everyone in the cast did an amazing job putting this movie together in the short time that it took . When I finally saw the finished version on television I was stunned at how mesmerizing this film actually was and I was there for the filming of most of it . There are several really good actors and actresses in this film and this is a most see kind of movie . Enjoy !
 LOVE THIS MOVIE KEEPS YOU ON THE EDGE TILL THE END ! HOW ITS STARTS IS A TOUR BUS FROM ITALY GOES TO SPAIN WITH 8 OR SO RIDERS SUDDENLY IT STARTS TO RAIN AND EVERYONE IS GIVEN A RED RAINCOAT ONE BY ONE PEOPLE FROM THE TOUR ARE MISSING FOUND TO BE MURDERED BUY A KILLER IN A BLOOD COVERED RAIN SLICKER ONLY CLUE ? AND ONE EYE REMOVED FROM EACH VICTIM EVERYONE SUSPECTS ONE ANOTHER TO WHO 'S LEFT IS IT A MAN OR WOMEN YOU WO N'T KNOW TILL YOU WATCH END WHY EYEBALL 'S ARE STOLEN FROM THERE VICTIM ????? KEEPS YOU IN SUSPENCE TILL VERY END NO SLOW SPOTS 70 'S IN IT 'S GLORY TIME IN EURO FILM .
 If you are a fan of the Italian Giallo genre - you will LOVE this movie from the great Umberto Lenzi . -LRB- if not a fan of the genre , it may not be for you -RRB- . The movie is set in Spain where a group of American tourists are on a sightseeing tour . Great Spanish scenery , and 70 's fashion add to the fun . As dead bodies begin to pile up , it appears that a killer is lose amongst them . There are so many plot twists and turns that it 's virtually impossible to guess who-done-it until the surprise ending reveals who the killer is , and why they have been gouging out the left eye of the victims . This movie is a rare find . It is currently not released on DVD in English .
 I thought this video had lots of valuable information in it . However , I think it needed more editing . For example when the kids were swinging the little ferret in the harness like a play thing I think the parents should have stopped them . There was another part where the kids were playing on a see-saw and the ferret was under it . Apparently they did n't stop to think the ferret could get hurt . Other than the lack of editing I think this was a good video and a great thing for begining ferret owners before you even get a ferret .
 Acording to the Bible anyone who practices the occult will not enter the Kingdom of Heaven.Wiccans practice the occult.According to the Bible , anything that has to do with the occult is satanic.Satan uses the occult to draw people away from the truth of God 's word.So when Christians believe Wicca is sanatic , they are just believing the Bible.This DVD is highly recommended for Bible believing Christians .
 With his reckless and arrogant style of reporting , John McNamara -LRB- Michael Roocker -RRB- has made one too many enemies with the Metro Examiner . When a fellow reporter turns up missing , McNamara is thrust into a treacherous investigation that exposes a powerful force of citywide corruption led by the president of a construction company -LRB- Judge Reinhold -RRB- and involving his own father -LRB- Robert Culp -RRB- a judge with an impeccable reputation . But as he digs deeper , he follows a twisted road of lies and deception which leads him to a deadly game where someone wants to silence his investigation ... forever
 A thriller about some embezzling and corruption in some kind of city in California . Nothing special indeed . And yet the film centers on some journalists , as a profession , but also on one particular journalist , as a s *** traker . It states their function is to bring truth to the knowledge of the public , and eventually of the FBI . To thicken the film that would sicken a little bit otherwise the main journalist is the elder son of the local judge and his younger brother is entering politics . In other words the scandal that is being chased after by the journalists compromises the judge directly and many other people in all city departments . At the very beginning one journalist is captured with a film of pictures he has just taken of blueprints that were supposed to be private . In other words he had just been on a spying mission . End of the game . Three of his friends will pick up the story and try to get to the bottom of it . They will manage to get some evidence but the press will refuse to publish the story . End of the game . Then they have to face the criminals and they start running and escaping from lethal attempts on their lives . They will run very well , very long and very hard . But you can not do anything against fate , though the film can not end like that . So a miracle happens and one corrupted person has managed to be touched by divine grace and repent . He then can arrive with the FBI . End of the game , a happy end for the journalists.Dr Jacques COULARDEAU , University Paris Dauphine & University Paris 1 Pantheon Sorbonne
 How the hello did I smile almost all the way through a horror movie ? Because the professionalism and apparent love which went into the making of and acting in this movie had me smiling with vast appreciation . A beautifully acted and intelligently executed movie - I loved it . Thanks to the previous reviewers who gave it a high rating . That piqued my interest and brought me one of the best movie experiences I have ever seen .
 This movie takes a bit of patience to watch . The first 15 minutes , as another review has said , takes some getting used to
 It is very rare for a horror movie or any movie for that matter to come out and completely surprise you . This one does it on all fronts.The people who gave this bad reviews just do not understand the movie or were expecting something else . Really do not want to give anything away because it is so important to go into this unknowing other than the brief description offerred.I have my own interpetation of the movie and would be glad to discuss in the comments section for this review.Have already watched this twice and will watch again . One of the stars in this movie signed on for a key role in The Hunger Games movies .
 People who are expecting one thing may not like this , but if you like the mind twisting films like Memento and trying to understand the `` reality '' in a movie , then you just might love this . Its a movie that comes together the more times you see it . I really appreciate a movie that does n't fit into a generic box like 95 % of the movies made . Give it a try . It lives you thinking ...
 From start to finish , you know something is n't quite right . That 's the beauty of this movie , though . If you pay attention , you 'll catch it early on and things will make a certain type of sense . The ending is everything you 'd want . All in all , an excellent movie .
 Overall , I was pleasantly surprised by the complexity and sophistication of this movie , and generally did enjoy it ... but I remain troubled by one significant plot issue . Please feel free to share your personal , thoughtful insights via `` Comments '' at the end of this revue.SPOILER ALERT
 Different - not your typical slasher gore fest . Smart , suspenseful , thought-provoking and entertaining . Great acting and does n't hurt the main actress is appealing .
 I purchased Christopher Smith 's film ` Triangle ' on a whim . The purchase was based on his two previous films , ` Creep ' and ` Severance . ' And I was pleasantly surprised . I can not fully review the film without spoiling its content for future viewers . If you want a suspenseful film that keeps you guessing I suggest you watch ` Triangle . ' The film comes together in its last twenty minutes and infers a cyclical pattern rather than a triangular pattern that the title suggests .
 `` Triangle '' is a well thought and clevery made psychological horror and I liked it a lot . It was made on a budget and without any major stars being present , but I think it actually did this film a lot of good.The charm of this film is all in the story , its twists and its secrets - and so I will not reveal anything other than the opening sequence
 The premise makes up for less-than-stellar performances . The plot can feel a little tedious through the second third of the film , but it pays off to keep watching .
 I do n't have a lot of deep things to say regarding this movie , except that it is VERY cleverly written . It pulled me in and by the middle of the movie , I was so enthralled that I had to see it all the way to the end . I was left asking myself at each point , `` Is this where she stops it ? '' I also kept asking myself , `` How many times has she been through this ? '' Again , a very cleverly written movie .
 Beginning of movie drags , you gota stick with it till the ship comes . I am super critical of timeline movies -LRB- Babylon 5 - great timeline , Star trek Voyager - No concept of time -RRB- . These guys did great ! I will buy this one ! Of the 8 theories of time they choose the living tree , which is always fun to see .
 I was pleasantly surprised . I really enjoyed the movie and it kept me engaged till the very end . I enjoyed it .
 I LOVED Christopher Smith 's `` Severance . '' It 's funny , it 's surprising , the twists are ALMOST great -LRB- the reveal is kind of silly -RRB- , but it was better than it might 've been . With that in mind , I was really looking forward to `` Triangle . '' `` Triangle '' starts off fairly normal like any American teen horror movie with stranded kids forced onto an abandoned ocean liner . But very early , there is a twist that you do n't see coming with the Jess-character played amazingly well by Melissa George . To say much more about the movie would rob you of the surprise but needless to say , it becomes a film where you have to pay careful attention to what 's happening as it goes from `` Friday the 13th '' to David Fincher 's `` The Game '' or something pretty quickly . My only complaint is that after you figure out what 's happening , the pay-off is n't THAT great . Still , it 's better than most other horror movies out there , so check it out .
 One of the better movies I 've seen recently , hence the allusion to The Prestige.Well . That , and it shares some commonalities with it , as well , aside from being a great movie . I 'll admit that about 30 minutes in I already knew basically what was going to happen -- but there were still enough twists and turns to keep me surprised at the moment-to-moment events , and each time I thought I 'd figured out exactly how it worked , there was something more around the corner . Combined with the way little things from earlier in the movie kept coming back , it kept me going `` Oh ... ohhh , that 's why ... '' right up to the end . Other reviewers have noted that the first few minutes are really confusing -- they really should be , because suddenly understanding why it all made sense is what delivers the impact at the end.On a level , the characters ' lack of genre-savviness was aggravating in places , but I can forgive them considering the circumstances ; and that not everyone 's a scifi nerd . Avoiding spoilers , if you like stories where the plot seems scattered and incomprehensible at times , but you get to watch all the dots connect as you go and by the end it 's all come together -LRB- e.g. , The Time Traveler 's Wife and a lot of Dr. Who episodes by Moffat , especially `` Big Bang '' -RRB- you 'll probably love Triangle.If there 's a problem , it 's that I 'm left wondering what happens from the outside world 's perspective , since the story almost exclusively follows one character 's point of view . I can theorize , and one interpretation is certainly implied near the end , but a little more would have been nice , considering how surreal it gets in places ... Altogether , though , it was fantastic , and well worth seeing , at least for those who are n't too squeamish .
 The thing I loved about this kind of movie is that it is not purposefully made hard to understand . While you do get the point of the movie -LRB- or the feeling of what 's going to happen next -RRB- , it keeps you hopeful for some kind of character breakthrough . The director/writer/producer did not make the plot convoluted and heavy like many of these types of movies . They simply told the story of a horrible day . It 's not dumbed down in any sense nor is it so abstract that only hardcore film students would understand . One of the better psychological thrillers I 've seen a while !
 This is a film that is very ... unique . It 's a Film of destiny of multiple people 's deaths except one person who watches everyone die 3 or 4 times before she meets her death . this is a movie that can not be portrayed well in words . It just reminds me of water going threw a funnel .
 The problem is that there is no subtitles on any prime instant movie at all . It is so sad that Amazon.com company does n't support and providing everything for its coumsters . This need to be changed . It is not on only this movie , but also all of others too .
 IT WILL BLOW YOUR MIND !!!!! There really are no words to describe this movie . Every detail is important . All I could say at the conclusion was WHOA ! I had the twist ending mostly figured out in the first two minutes of the movie , but certainly not all of it . You really just have to see this one to believe it . If you enjoy movies that mess with your mind , YOU MUST SEE THIS ONE . If I could rate it higher than five stars , I would . I was expecting it to be rather gruesome and hoping it was n't . The blood is minimal and most of the suspense is psychological.A woman , Jess , leaves her autistic son to go sailing . -LRB- What she does prior to leaving is very important . -RRB- A storm comes upon them in the Bermuda Triangle , forcing the crew to abandon their boat . Fortunately/unfortunately , there is a large ship that is nearby for them to board . But this new ship contains a masked assassin set on killing each of them one by one . Jess mentions how familiar the ship is to her , and how it seems like she has been there before ...
 Here we have Triangle . A fantastic movie ! I was blown away by how interesting and textured this adventure was . It 's not quite what you think.Do yourself a favor and DO N'T READ the plot or ending . Knowing only deprives you of a fantastic and surprising experience!I 'm not one to boast or promote movies , especially with how many of them SUCK , but I 'm on here to tell you that you NEED TO SEE THIS!I was thrilled to see that so much care and work went into a project like this . You can tell this was a labor of love for both cast and crew.I do n't suggest or recommend films much , so you can be assured this one is a winner!Kudos to the makers of Triangle ! 5 stars ! Highly recommended !
 After seeing this film , I decided to order the Blu-Ray , since it was really good in my opinion ! It was really creepy and well acted and had some really good effects ! If you have seen Dead Calm , Visitors and Ghost Ship and enjoyed those films , I believe that you will really enjoy this as well !
 If you like time warp-themed movies like `` Memento '' and `` The Prestige '' , enjoy non linear story-telling like `` Pulp Fiction , '' and enjoy horror/thriller genres , then `` Triangle '' is a movie you will likely enjoy.Please note that this is a horror/thriller that will require you to solve the puzzle of why the main character is in the situation that she 's in . If you want to sit back , and enjoy getting freaked out , then you 'll get irritated . It 's like `` The Game '' with Michael Douglas.After the movie , I recommend reading the responses that `` Wayne Klein '' wrote to the one-star reviews . His insight to the ending of the movie made me appreciate the subtlety of the story telling even more .
 This is a thinking person 's creepy movie . The writing is scary good , as is the acting . I was hooked in the first 5 minutes . I watched this on the same day as Let the Right One In , also a lovely movie about alienation , loneliness and duty . Great double feature .
 I knew nothing about this movie before watching it and have no idea if it ever made it to theatres or went directly to video . However , I saw it was on netflix streaming and figured , what the heck . All I can say now is , wow . You know that feeling you get when you watch a fairly unknown movie assuming it will be schlock , but hoping for a pleasent suprise ? This is one of those rare movies . I do n't want to give anything away in regards to the plot because this really is one of those movies that will be more effective the less you know about it . But for those who like the the Twilight Zone and even Lost , this one will be right up your alley as it is a very effective , creepy thriller .
 One of the best films of 2009 . Behind AVATAR , STAR TREK and MOON . This is a rare breed of film , almost unlike any other where I had to immediately re-watch the film to fully appreciate and savor all the unexpected twists and turns . Also , the film is a gem for the fact that only at the end does one realize that what you think you have been watching has in fact been a ` trick ' and that the story was telling you something else all along . One of the recent reviewers on Amazon stated that he did n't understand what the film was really about . But the clues are all there . The name of the ` ocean liner ' that the characters hitch a ride on is worth paying attention to . It ties in directly with the reveal at the end of who or rather ` what ' kind of person ` Jess ' really is . A work of genius . Must be seen in Widescreen . Blu-ray if possible . I would say more but that would spoil it . Enter the Triangle to see for yourself and be changed forever ...
 i bought a lot of dvd and blu-ray . i mainly bought my bluray and dvd from amazon and walmart and bestbuy , last year i bought a couple of blu-ray from amazon . amazon said it is brand new , but i am hundred percent positive it is not , i highly suspect amazon sold some used blu ray or dvd as brand new . before i bought this blu ray i was kind of suspicious , but this one turned out to be really brand new . i am pretty happy . i guess i have to keep trusting amazon .
 This movie is great . It takes the old time line and twists it one more time . Its like Deception but with time . Pay attention so you do n't miss the count .
 Have n't seen a movie this good in a while . Loved the whole movie . I was in suspense while I was buying beer and had it on pause . I recommend this to anyone who needs a brain twisting thriller .
 I 'm not going to say much about the movie , because I 'm not the type of person to give away such things . I would however like to say that I started this movie thinking I 'd end up turning it off in a few minutes . It looked like one of those typical `` lost at sea , how are we going to survive ? '' type movies . Wow , was I wrong . From the very first scene I was sucked in wanting to know what was going to happen next and then it turned and twisted and shook everything up . It really surprised me just how good this movie ended up being and I could n't stop thinking about it after it was over . I 've been recommending it over and over to anyone who 'll listen and I even watched it again ... with my parents . They enjoyed it too .
 Great movie !! I really enjoyed it from beginning to end . The movie leaves you wondering what 's going to happen next and you ca n't pull yourself from it . Definitely a movie for puzzle-loving people . : -RRB-
 I watched a little bit of it and then got busy doing other things but found myself wondering how it turned out . Glad I came back and finished it .
 Before I get into my review , let me just say I would have preferred the title to be
 Was looking for a good spooky movie to go with the weather outside and was pleasantly surprised at how good this was ! Acting was very good . Setting creepy . Did get a bit tiring going back over and over the same scenes -LRB- you 'll see what I mean if you watch but I guess that was part of the story -RRB- . Well worth the watch !
 ... you ca n't wait to wake up from . I was very pleased with this movie ! It definitely put a spin on deja-vu . You wo n't be sure of the truth and that 's not a bad thing !
 Just wanted to say that I enjoyed this movie . It kept me interested and I love movies where at the end you smile to yourself because it all comes full circle . If you like twists and movies that end where they begin you will like this !
 Ca n't help thinking that she could have handled things differently - but it 's a good puzzle within a puzzle movie . The acting is good and it does keep you trying to figure out what will ultimately happen .
 You got to hang in there ! It all comes to light at the end . It 's like someone said , a bit of `` The Shinning '' , movie that is . I did n't think I was going to enjoy it , but I did . Not a slasher flick .
 Enjoyed this quite a bit . Good performances . Very well shot . And best of all , a script with some real thought put into the story . The filmmakers really bring you something you 've never seen before . It also has several WOW moments . No spoilers here . Just watch it .
 From beginning to end , this film keeps you on the edge of your seat . As the plot unfolds , you are led deeper and deeper down the rabbit hole . You wo n't want to stop watching this movie once you start it .
 I liked it , very intriguing . Would definitely recommend . A real bargain with Prime membership . Good actors even though I 've never seen them before in any other movie .
 Takes off a little slow , but when it gets going its sure to leave you wanting more . One of the best mind trip movies I 've seen in some time , all I can say is WOW !
 I enjoyed the twists in this one ; I would have gone in a different direction but - Totally cool twisted movie .
 Seriously , the more you know , the less you will like it . Just watch the movie.It 's really good and fun popcorn film . In fact , if you 've read this , you 've read too much ! lol
 Like others , I was expecting a low budget teenage slasher flick . I was looking for something to kill a couple hours while I multitask but I ended up getting really immersed in the story . While it is definitely low budget -- as evidenced by the terrible ocean liner CGI in the beginning -- it is definitely not some dumb teenage slasher flick . The whole movie has a very creepy feel to it , even though it is not scary or very suspenseful . This one will make you think , and if it does what it is suppose to do , may even leave you feeling a little uneasy by the time you finish it . Loved it .
 This movie started a bit slow . A group of people go sailing , get caught in a mysterious storm , and take refuge in a passing ship that seems to be deserted . Or is it ? I was expecting a typical haunted ship story from that point . But I did n't get that . What I got was a twisted story that kept me hooked until the end.I enjoyed this movie a lot . If you 're looking for a really different kind of thriller , I highly recommend it .
 I find it hard to review this movie . I enjoyed it yet at the end , I ca n't say that I really liked it . Definitely worth watching and making up your own mind . It does have a bit of the feeling of `` The Shining '' and was creepy yet ... well watch it and find out .
 I like the types of movies you have to bend your head around . This is just such a movie and I can barely say enough good about it . The plot involves a time loop which the main character is stuck in yet also witnesses as a 3rd party . As the same events unfold a couple of times she figures out -LRB- or thinks she figures out -RRB- how to break the loop and get her normal life back.As others have pointed out , this is rather like the movie Timecrimes , but I found this infinitely better . In Timecrimes , the main character is involved and can break the loop easily but does n't . Here , the main character wants to break the loop but cannot.These types of movies seem impossible to me to write , but this script makes it look almost easy . All the scenes are revisited -LRB- often more than once -RRB- and each revisiting helps pull the entire thing tighter and make it all the more understandable . And scenes you thought were `` throwaway '' or merely exposition all come back to have an integral part in the plot . These types of movies can be a chore to follow because the plot is always bending back on itself , but again , here I never once found myself scratching my head trying to figure things out . Everything happened in a way where the plot unfolded like a flower.Melissa George was the only actor recognizable to me and she does a very good job . The rest of the cast does a decent enough job , but no one stuck out as being particularly bad or good.The ending is also way cool . It 's like a dream within a dream , or in this case , a loop within a loop . The viewer is lulled into a sense of ending only to be be treated to a rather disturbing reality.This is just a really cool flick with adroit direction , good sound , editing and music score . If you 're looking for something way off center , give this a shot . It 's well worth your time investment .
 I imagine that many of those who do n't like this film do n't get it . It 's not an easy film to `` get the gist of '' . You have to watch it and pay attention to the details . Like one reviewer said , the name of the vessel , Aelous , plays into the plot . Also listen up when a character tells the story of Sisyphus , the man condemned to roll a rock up a hill , only to have it roll back down . There are other hints along the way.It 's hard to review this film without giving out a ton of spoilers . The whole movie is based on spoilers ! I think I liked it because it was so unpredictable , unlike a lot of movies these days.Let me tell you one thing that may be considered a spoiler - or maybe not . There are two , not one , but two `` rolling the rock up the hill '' plots in this story ! I think many will get the one - but the second one is more subtle.The effects are good , the acting decent , and the plot twisty - almost Twilight-Zone-ish . Take a chance on this one .
 This is a fresh and fantastic mind-bending story that is logically put together with a clever and very interesting ending . It will certainly leave you thinking . I loved the fact it was a supernatural movie without a lot of blood . No haunting , no slashing , just a good use of sea atmosphere horror with a refreshing twist . Great acting , especially Melissa George , she really carried this movie with great talent and impressed me . And in my opinion there were no loop holes that you ca n't pretty much figure out yourself . It 's a very believable story minus the supernatural events of course . This is my newest favorite movie and I am definitely adding this to my movie collection . I encourage anybody to watch it even if you do n't like supernatural thrillers .
 WOW ! This movie is one incredible experience that is essential viewing for true horror fans as well as those who are starving for an original concept / storyline . Christopher Smith is quickly becoming one of my favorite new writer/directors . He 's the creator behind the impressive subway horrorfest ` Creep ' and it looks like he 's aiming high with this mind-twisting shocker that is completely unpredictable all the way until the satisfying conclusion ! This is a movie you wo n't want to miss ! It has a great plot , excellent cast , a strong and confident pace , multiple twists , awesome brutal & bloody attacks , and derives its greatest power from having the viewer empathize with the protagonist 's very tough decisions . Seriously , ignore the negative reviews and avoid spoilers at all costs ! This is one of those movies you MUST check out ! If you wait too long you 're sure to hear about it and have the plot twists ruined for you . ` Triangle ' is a modern classic .
 ~ NO SPOILERS HERE ~ Love or hate this movie for whatever reason you still have to agree
 Pay no attention to the naysayers here . Having read some of them , it 's obvious that many just did n't get it . Many of the questions they 've noted are actually answered in the film . Watching this is not -LRB- and should not -RRB- be a passive experience . While the movie may fly over-the-heads of average viewers , if you are a fan of films like MEMENTO , DARK CITY , MULHOLLAND DRIVE , 12 MONKEYS , etc. , you are more likely to enjoy this absolutely absorbing film . Also , despite what some have stated , this movie is not a copy of the Spanish film TIMECRIMES . Although the video release of TIMECRIMES came earlier , TRIANGLE was in the works years before TIMECRIMES . -LRB- Not knocking TC and I 'd recommend both films , although TRIANGLE is far superior . -RRB-
 If you think good horror is supposed to be like Friday the 13 ` th or Saw or Wolf Creek or various other gory / torture-porn movies , then this is not the movie for you . If on the other hand you like complex plots that are challenging and suspenseful , if you like witnessing a character change in the face of hellish adversity and trying to escape from an awful plight , if you like a movie that makes you THINK , then this is the movie for you . People who liked The Shining or Memento will like this film . When I first rented it , I was n't planning on paying it much attention . I figured it would be another cheesey Bermuda Triangle film . I am SO delighted to report that this movie has nothing to do with the Bermuda Triangle.Instead it is a film with far reaching roots , going back to Greek mythology , and , like Memento , as time passes you see events from different perspectives that suddenly change the context of what you saw earlier in ways that will surprise you . Ultimately the decisions of the main character become clear , and the ending does this with dark power.If you are willing to sit and pay attention to this movie , to immerse yourself in it , you will enjoy it . I recommend it heartily ... this is one that you will find your mind returning to long after the film is over .
 I ca n't believe that I 've never heard of this movie before . I just happened to come across it looking for a movie to watch that was free with my Prime membership , and I noticed that it looked like it had gotten some good reviews . The movie is n't perfect , and if you think about it too hard you might have smoke pouring out of your ears , but it 's really freakin entertaining . And Melissa George is phenomenal . She really goes for it and does n't hold anything back . It 's not often that someone that beautiful is also a great actress , and I do n't know why she is n't more well-known than she is . But I 'm sure she 's got a long career ahead of her , if we 're lucky.I am really a sucker for these kind of movies . I would place this is in the same category as The Machinist , Eternal Sunshine , Memento , and Mulholland Drive . I wo n't say much more than that because , in my opinion , absolutely anything I would say to try to describe it would be a spoiler . You really need to just press play and pay attention . You want to experience the movie as it happens , and not have any pre-conceived notions about what it 's about or what 's gon na happen . And I personally hate it when I read a review that practically ruins the movie by giving too much away . Films are meant to be discovered as the story unfolds . You should know as little as possible going in .
 I ca n't see what is wrong with this movie other than it 's running time is way too short , but that is the case with almost all movies anymore . Anyway it 's a very vivid well written and well casted movie . I would watch it again .
 Rented this film not knowing anything about it and absolutely loved it !! Originally we were looking for a scary movie which this movie does not really qualify . It was , however , creepy and grabbed my attention from the get go . Thought about it for days afterwards . I read the bad reviews that people left for the movie and feel that they did n't give it enough time or focus or simply were n't smart enough to get it . This is a great movie and my only disappointment is that it 's not widespread and did not make much money.If you have n't seen the movie , do NOT read on from here.I felt the end of the movie was extremely well done . You realize that all of this is happening because she was an abusive mother to her autistic child . The movie `` begins '' with her dying in the car crash and then continually going through her own personal hell . Brilliantly contrived and executed . At first , the movie starts kind of cheesy with the standard characters on the sailboat but it all changed when they died in the first 15 minutes of the movie . For me , it went from a very obvious slasher film to a well done , thought out plot that I thoroughly enjoyed . Kudos for this movie . If you also enjoyed it , make sure to tell your friends . At least the cast/crew can make some money on DVD sales .
 I 'm surprised how many folks gave this film a bad review . I think this is only because the film was marketed to the wrong crowd so the wrong folks are watching it . This is not a Bermuda Triangle , Freddy Kruger , or Friday The 13 type of horror , Sci-Fi or slasher flick . Triangle is more along the lines Mulholland Drive , Angle Heart , Memento , The Shining or even Repulsion.I will say for the first 15 minutes or so the movie seems kind of lame and for a time things may not seem to make much sense as characters make bizarre decisions - so you have to stick with it.But once Triangle kicks in -LRB- I wish I could tell you how and why it kicks in - but your better off not knowing anything about this film -RRB- Triangle is a really good , nightmare of a film . Carefully and lovingly staged and edited by the filmmakers with very good performances photography and soundtrack.The entire cast is excelent . The cast are playing American archetypes -LRB- not stereo types -RRB- - If you are an American who lives near the ocean you will instantly be familiar with these folks of various classes and relationships . All the actors are flawless in that they do not draw attention to their acting but instead simply become the characters - which is the ideal . Of course Melissa is a standout but her character Jessie is the focus - they were all great.From reading the reviews I think I may be one of the few that understood the ending and the plot and if I 'm right this movie is even better then most people think . A real `` hell '' of nightmare.Highly recommend this film for fans of puzzles , non linear plots , off kilter cryptic stories and eye opening , disturbing endings .
 This comment contains some spoilers.If you like Melissa George then 2009 's `` Triangle '' is a must see . She is on screen for about 90 % of this 99-minute psychological horror feature . By far her most challenging role to date ; she gets a lot of tight close-ups , a number of action sequences , and a character that is all over the map emotionally -LRB- must have been exhausting -RRB- . The entire feature is told from her character 's point-of-view -LRB- POV -RRB- ; and she does a good job of getting viewers to identify with her character.Basically the story is weird mix of `` Ghost Ship '' -LRB- 2002 -RRB- ; `` The Butterfly Effect '' -LRB- 2004 -RRB- , and `` Groundhog Day '' -LRB- 1993 -RRB- ; with a little bit of Julianne Moore 's `` Freedomland '' -LRB- 2006 -RRB- thrown in for good measure . Even the POV twist was done recently in the minimalist Spanish film `` Timecrimes '' ; although here it is more central to the plot.But what makes the cobbled together mix of other movie elements special is more than the way they are mixed together or its intriguing POV twist . It is the introduction of Greek mythology as the story 's primary thematic element . Specifically it is a retelling of the myth of Sisyphus , a man the gods had condemned to a hell of ceaselessly rolling a rock to the top of a mountain , at which time it would roll back to the bottom . The Gods had it in for Sisyphus who had been able to cheat death for a period through a deception . They thought with some justification that there is no more dreadful punishment than futile and hopeless labor . There has been a long debate about whether it would have been better or worse for Sisyphus to know in advance that the rock was simply going to roll back down each time . Most jobs require a worker to spend their career at the same tasks , a fate just as absurd , but only tragic when they become conscious of the fact . Many believe that Sisyphus surmounts his fate by scorning it . The concept has been extensively examined by existential thinkers.Jess , George 's character , is busy processing her fate during each cycle but just as she is almost fully clued in she goes to sleep and loses all but a vague sense of d&eacute;j&agrave; vu about her surroundings.My `` speculative '' read on the story is that the process started when she killed her autistic son in a moment of frustration . Regretting her act she made a bargain with death -LRB- symbolized by the sea gulls that appear at various times in the film -RRB- . She will give up her life in exchange for being allowed to go back to the moment of her son 's murder and prevent it . But after preventing the murder she tries to renege on the agreement , driving away with her son . Death then subjects her to a punishment in the tradition of Sisyphus.This is a relatively low budget film -LRB- $ 12 Million -RRB- in which almost all the budget makes in onto the screen . There is excellent production design throughout the film and just enough special effects to complement the storyline without calling attention to themselves . Likewise there is enough gore to meet the genre 's quota but not so much that it distracts from the basic story.It is all about point-of-view and a good example for film students of the power this device can bring to a film if used effectively . Even if the story is not your `` cup of tea '' , the film is worthwhile viewing just to expand your understanding of how to read films.Finally , there is a subtle but pervasive homage to Stanley Kubrick 's `` The Shining '' -LRB- 1980 -RRB- . Not just the # 237 on Jess 's house and on the liner 's stateroom door -LRB- this was the number of the haunted room in the Overlook Hotel -RRB- but the whole tone of the production ; where the main set is actually more creepy because it is not dilapidated.Then again , what do I know ? I 'm only a child .
 `` Triangle '' was written and directed by Christopher Smith . A small group of passengers on a sailboat meets very strange weather conditions and have to jump onto another ship to discover more mystery than they could have bargained for.This is one of the most thoughtful scripts I have ever seen in a movie . Every scene , every line of dialogue is there for a meaningful reason and several portions will click later on so this mind-bending experience will give your brain a lot to chew on . Melissa George stars as Jess , mother of autistic child , Tommy -LRB- Joshua McIvor -RRB- who just wants a nice day off to relax and go sailing , but things are going wrong . There are tensions on-board the boat since Greg -LRB- Michael Dorman -RRB- , the captain is being set up with a girl his friends brought and the most mysterious storm any of them have ever seen creeps up suddenly and capsizes the boat leaving them stranded when another boat drifts by and they climb aboard . But where are the passengers?Without giving spoilers away , an intense psychological dilemma ensues as Jess is locked into a series of events that push some hard choices . The best part about this movie is trying to figure out how much Jess is locked into her fate and how much she can change about her circumstances . Melissa George has a LOT on her plate here in terms of screen time and difficulty and does a phenomenal job showing the downward spiral as the pressure begins to get to her.If you like `` Memento '' or `` The Prestige '' , you should check this one out because it has a few similar ideas to see how far you would go for something you want under assumed conditions . Excellent film !
 This movie is a creep-fest from the get-go , with a mind-bending conclusion to boot . Some viewers want to see blood , guts , and torture porn like in the `` Saw '' series , but the `` Saw '' movies are a sick batch of movies aimed at a massively dumbed-down movie-watching audience . This film lies somewhere between Hitchcock and the Shining . And Melissa George is one talented actress . It 'll make you think AND jump a few times .
 Triangle -LRB- 2009 -RRB- is a twisted tale of suspense , that is one long strange repetitive ride . Time and reality become non-linear , as just when it seems that the matter has ended , it begins again at a different juncture . It 's hard to explain , but as the cycle of events repeats , different parts of the story are filled in , eventually leading to a better understanding of some matters , while the overall picture still remains clouded in mystery . Writer/director Christopher Smith has produced a film with many layers , where some things only become apparent through repeated viewings.A movie where almost nothing is what is seems it be , Triangle has some violence and scares , but is not a horror film . Jess -LRB- Melissa George -RRB- is a single mother looking to get away for a weekend cruise aboard her friend Greg 's -LRB- Michael Dorman -RRB- sailboat . A party of six , leaves Key West aboard the ` Triangle ' , and heads out to sea , where they run into an unexpected storm that capsizes the small craft . The survivors are floating on the upturned hull , when they happen across a small liner , and manage to board the nearly deserted ship called the Aeolus.Once aboard , the action focuses in on Jess , and very strange things begin to happen , as violence erupts , and people begin to die -LRB- or do they ? -RRB- . Saying more might ruin things for those who have not seen the film , but suffice to say , the story involves cyclical actions , and as the film progresses , it becomes evident that the scope of the cycles involved , is larger than one might initially think . While some questions are apparently answered , other questions are raised , and much continues to be confusing and ambiguous.There are good performances by everyone involved , particularly Rachael Carpani , but this film is clearly a showcase for Melissa George , who is onscreen most of the time , once the survivors board the Aeolus . Jess is faced with a cruelly twisted reality , that is almost impossible to comprehend . On a strange , highly tense journey , she finds herself doing things she would never have thought possible . Not everything makes sense , and there are questions left unanswered . While not a masterpiece , Triangle connects enough dots to constitute a compelling , provocative , and very watchable thriller.For such a deep and complex effort , a commentary by Christopher Smith would certainly have been most enlightening , but disappointingly there are no major extras in this edition , just some brief interviews .
 So another scary movie Sunday has passed and I discovered another gem . While this one is more of a psychological horror thriller than just your average horror film , it is definitely worth the time . Triangle is free on Amazon Prime , if you have it.This is one is a little difficult to review without spoiling , so I cam going to do my best here.From the opening scene , you know there is just something off about Jess . She is the mother of a autistic son , who is just doing her best to take care of him by herself . Their morning routine is interrupted by a ring of the doorbell . Jess goes to see who it is , but no one is there . She gets in the car and drives away . You see her drive from the point of view of the seagulls flying above.Cut to the harbor . Jess ' friend is the skipper of a sailboat and a group of people are getting ready to go on what looks like a short day trip out on the open sea . The relationships between all of the people on the boat are set . Not everyone knows each other and not everyone wants Jess on the boat.A mysterious storm approaches ... destroys the boat and leaves just as mysteriously as it has appeared . As they are struggling with the loss of one of their ship mates , a large cruise ship approaches . The group appears to be saved , But , of course , that is never the case ... I will not delve too much into what happens next because that would spoil a truly terrific and terrifying ride . The audience is left to figure out what is going on along with Jess . Something is wrong here and as she discovers just what the problem is your heart races and sinks at the same time.I read many reviews of this and for some reason , it left many watchers confused . I think that people need to pay attention . This is one of those movies that if you do not pay close attention the story will lose you.Now is this entirely new ground ? No . But , it is done with a new perspective and even a little research into the name of the cruise ship may key the watcher into what is going on here.The acting is superb . While , I had heard of Melissa George before , she was almost unrecognizable here . From a quick review of her imdb profile , it looks like she is turning into quite the little Scream Queen . If she continues to pull work like this , I think this is a good thing . Anyone can scream , but you can see the desperation on her face here and she starts to realize what it is that she must to do make it right ,
 If you are a fan of Twilight Zone , Donnie Darko , the Shining then you will like this film . This is not a slasher film or a film about the Bermuda Triangle . Although there is gore , its more atmospheric -LRB- i.e creepy -RRB- than anything else and the ending makes you think . It is a film about cheating death or perhaps about trying to cheat death . That is one of the fun part about this film - you ca n't help but wonder about the whys and the underlying subplot that were hinted at but leaves you wondering and build upon.I started watching this film thinking it 's another cheesy Bermuda Triangle film but had to reassess as soon as I noticed that the characters are not your typical cheesy B movie actors . They actually can act . So I decided I should pay it some attention . Once the characters board the large ship the weirdness and creepiness starts and I. Just . Loved . It.At some point in the first half of the film , you might start to wonder where this is going and might be tempted to fast forward . Stay with it . Do not fast forward and skip . Each cycle does reveal something and helps you understand the character development .
 It starts out slow and your not sure where their going with it until about half way through . But , when it gets going it takes off and starts blowing your mind and you will be asking your the whole movie wtf is going on !
 Master Piece ... this was wow ... did not expect this amazing movie on amazon.com ... . amazing plot ... too good ... i was watching for 1 hrs 30 min ... but the time was still ... people who has rated low . . will never understand films and in general space and time ...
 This movie was MASTERFULLY done . Watch it from the very second it begins , and do n't take your eyesaway until it 's over.You need to miss nothing if you 're going to get a grip on it.Stay with it , it will challenge your sense of reasoning , and it never gives up challenging you.This movie was an absolute trip !! It was n't until the very last scene did I understand , and put it togetherthat is , some of those unanswered questions about some of those scenes that you go . . huh?Watch it to the end , and you 'll know exactly how things ended up , well , you 'll be able to reason what the future holds for her and why.A humaness that dictates the end makes this one of the most bizarrest flicks I 've ever seen , and I 'm not kidding you.I wish I can say more.Just stick with it , and maybe you 'll understandthe end and maybe you wo n't . This movie will be on MY mind for quite sometime .
 Great film . A working knowledge of Sisyphus , Aeolus , and the Odyssey in Greek mythology helps a great deal when watching this film . It 's clever . Extremely clever . Perhaps one of the most clever films I 've come across.If you are familiar with the mythology , ask yourself if the main character is Odysseus or Sisyphus . It becomes obvious by the end of the film , but the journey is pretty spectacular .
 This movie is totally awesome . Think about donnie darko , fight club , inception , etc. . It 's something like that . Bluray video quality is superb . Audio is really good . Some scenes make you feel like you are actually inside a ship .
 I had no idea what this movie was about . I did n't hear anything about and it and got it because it sounded interesting . I was surprised how good the movie was . The story was well thought out . The movie 's pacing was great . The actors all made great performances . I liked going into the movie not know what it was about as the story unfolded so well . I 've recommended this movie to everyone I 've talked to.I 'm not sure where the R rating came from as there did n't seem to be overly graphic parts or cursing . There was no sex and when my 13 year old step daughter gets a chance I will watch it with her .
 went into this movie not knowing a thing about it . and was crazily surprised . it was soooo damn good . i enjoyed it a ton . altho i think the cover the movie is retarded since it will ruin a tad tad bit of the surprise . but push that aside and still it was damn good
 I stumbled on this one on another online movie site and based on the 4 out of 5 stars , figured I had nothing to lose but time . Turns out , it 's a really good movie . Very dark Twilight Zone-esque sort of plot with mind bending twists and turns that are sure to leave you asking questions . As soon as you think you know what is happening , the plot takes another sharp turn . If you liked the original Twilight Zone , you 'll definitely enjoy this one .
 I 'm not sure that Triangle amounts too much besides the fact that mellisa george seems to be stuck in a time paradox . but what stands is a frighteningly surrealistic homage to the shining but on a boat . With a strong lead performance from george who keeps you enthralled in the confusing but riveting story line.Had the film opted for a more definitive plain of thought I would have given it a near perfect rating .
 `` Triangle '' is an astonishingly creepy and unexplainable journey into the realm of the unknown . This film is best described as `` The Twilight Zone meets The Shining '' on a boat -LRB- one might notice that the room on the ship where the characters notice the red writing on the mirror is `` Room 237 '' which , if you are a fan of `` The Shining , '' then you know the significance of that number . -RRB- In this film , a group of friends sets sail and ends up caught in a lightning storm , which sweeps them into an area perhaps similar to the Bermuda Triangle . After they capsize and are forced to board a large sea cruiser , they quickly notice that things are out of sorts . The ship appears to be operating all on its own ; there are signs of life , but no bodies . No crew . Set primarily on the large and seemingly abandoned boat , it seems that George 's character has been there before . As she is experiencing a strange form of deja vu , the reasons revealed for this is both stunningly unpredictable and utterly unexplainable.This is an eerie , moody film - at times almost noir - that is not only carried , but dominated by the performance of Melissa George , in what might end up being an epic star turn for her , like `` The Ring '' was to Naomi Watts . She is the focal point of the film , and excels in that role . I 'm not going to give anyting away , other than to remind the viewer that often times in films like this , you have to suspend disbelief and keep in mind that some things are simply unexplained . This film is truly creepy in that regard . This film is really something to behold , both visually and atmospherically . It wo n't make you yell at the screen too much , but you might be caught staring at the screen in a bewildered manner on several occasions . I would rate this four stars if not for the performance by George . She has raised the bar for female leads in horror films .
 If you 've ever sailed off the coast of FL and into the Bermuda Triangle , this is a must see movie . It fits right in with the tales and myths of the waters of the Triangle.Ignore the Groundhog Day comparisons . Triangle is not nearly as simple as Groundhog Day ; the plot is not that predictable.If you let your image run , Triangle is a fictional voyage not to let pass . It moves along at a nice pace with plenty of twists and turns to keep you guessing . The acting is above par.A classic it may not be . However , it is a great flick to pass a bit of time.Let the wind fill your sails . Enjoy .
 I watched this moving without reading too much of what is was about ahead of time but I knew right from the start something weird was going to happen . This was a great move . I love the way the story unfolded and even the ending was a bit of a surprise . If you like thrillers and a bit of mystery than I think you will enjoy this movie .
 I stumbled upon this surprising gem and was quite pleased that I found it . It 's a very original and unique psychological thriller with lots of twists and turns . Pay close attention . Nearly every question raised throughout the movie will be answered at some later point . There is some violence and gore , but mostly it is packed with suspenne and suprises . I ca n't recommend this enough . Just see it . Period .
 I was Intrigued by the reviews so I decided to watch out of curiosity . The movie starts off with a feeling of confusion as to how the story was going to progress and yet I found myself playing the plot out in my mind without really paying attention to the beginning . I am not going to go into detail , but I will tell you that the ending is just the beginning .
 I just watched it via Amazon Instant Video . It 's a good movie . Like the other reviewers said it 's rather basic with the elements of time looping and offers nothing super-different and is actually quite predictable by the 2nd or so loop , it still was something that will keep you entertained . The downside is that because this is a horror/thriller/sci-fi -LRB- ish -RRB- movie the ending is wholly predictable at some point and of course it 's not a good ending for you happy movie ending types . In either manner I didnt think this movie was a waste of time.It actually makes me want to go watch Premonition which I havent seen in a long time and Memento .
 It reminds me of an Alfred Hitchcock/Twilight Zone / Outer Limits fim . It really causes you to think and you find yourself rewinding the tape to see what clues you could have seen to alert you to the twist in the film .
 The movie kept my interest . It did not provide an ending that would settle the problem presented in the movie . This might make people unsatisfied with the movie . This is the same way that movies with a happy ending leave the viewer with satisfaction and contempt , while movies with a sad ending leave us with a bitter taste but are unforgettable . Movies with happy endings come and go , we forget them . Well , this movie has neither . It is a never ending loop , but still it was interesting to watch so give it a shot . Be patient with it .
 I almost didnt watch this movie because the reviews were so mixed , But im very glad I did . It was actually a good movie . I didnt watch the trailer or read what it was about , just went in with an open mind . It takes twists I wasnt expecting , sucked me in rather quick . By half way thru I was wondering where it would go because I thought it was almost over . Now that its over I 'm like wow why wouldnt any one watch it . There is not a lot of gore , there is suspence , not alot of spooks , no ghosts , DO NOT THINK burmuda triangle movie if and when you watch it , the name of the boat they sail on is called triange . It will be on my list of movies to watch again !!
 Good movie , was worried it would be a dud at first . It 's interesting like Memento . I was rooting for her !
 i must say , . . i 've seen alot of good horror flick and they all bore me , . . this one kept me guessing every time , . . and even though i saw the ending it still did n't make sense.i wo n't give it away but remember everything you see , . . i loved all the dead bodies . kudos 's to the lookalikes . defiantly a must see .
 Excellent movie . But why is the U.S. version missing all the extras found on the region 2 release ?
 There is not much to say other than ... . this movie will blow your mind , no matter how many times you watch it ! All story and very little violence , yet this will have your heart pounding from beginning to `` end '' ?!
 TRIANGLE is a story of regret , remorse , and second chances . Melissa George -LRB- TURISTAS -RRB- plays a woman on a sailing trip w / friends who encounter a series of strange events , culminating in a murderous frenzy , repeated from various angles or points of view . Sound bizarre ? It is ! It 's also quite riveting to watch it all unfold . If you 've ever done something that you wish you could undo , fix , or erase completely , then TRIANGLE will hit a nerve ...
 I had incredibly low expectations for this film , but in the end , I was amazed . This story is one I am very familiar with and am always intrigued to see them chose the same road .
 So under rated I never heard of it nor did any of my movie buff pals . If you watch this thing very carefully , do n't miss a beat ... . great movie . Excellent directing , editiing and up to par acting.Nice .
 I can see why many reviewers compare this in some ways to Momento , both tease you well and with a good pay off . I ca n't think of anything that has n't been said except the one moment that really opens our eyes to where the movie is going - the mirror scene with the record player playing Anchors away . t is a classic moment I do n't think I have ever seen before done in a film.There are some similar that are for shock value - scenes -LRB- unlike this movie 's one -RRB- where the person in the mirror does something different that the person being reflected , here though it cements a journey that takes us on this fun ride!The one scene that is creepy that is worth mentioning , I refuse to give anything away , although likely MOST of the readers of the reviews of Triangle WATCHED Triangle already - that scene is where the dying girl is on deck and the viscous loop that happens in Triangle seems to resonate the haplessness of the situation , this and the the tossed bird scene as well as the skipping record all burn the reality that this women is hopelessly trying to correct.Great film , unique and gripping - tells a paradox story better than most I have ever seen before .
 This is Genius - I went into it `` cold '' without knowing anything about it ; a third of the way through I suspected Genius at work , and by the time I 'd watched it through the first time , I discovered that my jaw had been resting on the floor for much of the film and I was impressed and delighted by such a rewarding experience . This film is a skillful , mind-bending adventure that works well on so many levels ; the musical score , the setting , the performances , the pacing , with a special nod of awe to the lighting - everything is delivered in perfect measure so that no one element overshadows or takes away from another . There are unexpected twists , shockers , and surprises throughout - nothing comes too slow or is forced along to make it feel `` compressed '' or over-edited . Medicinal Cinema especially for observant viewers who pay careful attention and have been waiting for an unexpected surprise . Go Ahead and enjoy this . To be fair and honest , this same idea and setting has been seen before on vintage Twilight Zone and Night Gallery TV episodes , as well as one Stephen King short story dealing with deja vu . Without giving too much away , if you look closely enough at some of the interior scenes , it 's evident that expenses were indeed spared with some of the set construction , the overly spartan , art deco motifs of the dining room and theater , but you 'd have to be an historic Ocean Liner fan to pinpoint the lack of curvature in the decks , crooked paint brush strokes on some of the surfaces that were n't supposed to show up , that did . Yet this is allowable , because the lighting was a critical element that contributed much of the feeling the film carries . However , I 'm nitpicking as even these minor things do n't detract from what I happily regard as one of the best movies I 've seen in a long time , and one of my new favorites . I 've purchased this film after my instant view expired . Genius .
 This movie is a thriller kind , you just need to buy it and watch it , very strange movie about a ship that had got lost in the devils triangle . You just need to see it , if you like strange movies that make you think then this is the one for you . Came within a couple of days . I am very satisfied with this purchase . Thank you !!!
 Being a movie buff , i enjoyed this movie for a rainy Friday night . It is a combination of movies we 've seen before but it was worth watching . They should of made a part 2 .
 You will enjoy the movie , it leaves you thinking what is next ; what is going to happen . It will also make you think what would you do to change fate or except fate .
 A movie that I did n't really think would be that good but turned out to be a very good movie . If you want to watch a movie that will get you thinking then watch this . I ca n't really say too much about the movie but it involves a group of people that go out to sea in a yacht and then capsize . They are stranded and end up being saved by a mysterious deserted liner . Once on board things start to take a turn for the worse and well I ca n't really say much more . Have a cuppa , sit back and enjoy this movie .
 This movie has a lot of twists and turns to it , however if you watch carefully and dont get up to make yourself a sandwich , you should be entertained.There are a number of 1 star reviews , most seem to be from folks who recommend Saw . Not quite the same ballpark here . Not that Saw is a bad movie . This is just a bit more cerebral and requires strict attention to really appreciate it.There isnt much I can say without giving away the storyline and ruining the movie , so I 'll just say that if you 're not familiar with greek myths , you may want to google Sisyphus either before or after the movie . After would probably be better.The acting is well done and the gradual realization of the cycle and whats going on by the main character was excellent.A lot of people seems to have a problem with the main character not breaking the cycle of events , but if you watch carefully you 'll see that she does try to break the chain , only every time shes does try , it ends up just being part of the cycle . There I 've already said too much .
 I decided to rent Triangle based on the user reviews . Many were descibing it has a very thought provoking film . That peaked my interest , so I decided to see for myself why it was so entertaining . First off , do n't let the cover art for this film throw you off . Definately looks like it 's going to be a slasher/horror film , but it is n't . I would say that it was very intricate and mind bending . The concept for the film was interesting and I really liked how they changed my opinion of the main character right at the end . I would have liked alittle more definition of the story however , just a bit more to beef up the plot and to really help you understand why what 's happening is happening . Nonetheless , it was an ok watch . If you have an afternoon to waste , I 'd say rent it .
 Loved this movie , it 's a freaky thriller that I found very entertaining and kept me guessing up to the end .
 Creepy thriller ; Bermuda Triangle -LRB- implied -RRB- ; Time Loop ; Dollars-to-doughnuts you will not see the ending coming , and it does n't feel like a cheat .
 Solid movie . Not a blood and guts horror movie . If you want to see an overplayed blood fest go watch something else.The movie has you follow the plot line in deja vu . It keeps you guessing and reaching for the next reality.Melissa George is terrific in this movie . She plays the role to perfection .
 This is one movie that provokes a viewer to look at her/him self from distance and question surreality of life . What is dream , and what is reality ? Both are just a state of mind . I gave `` Triangle '' five stars for a decent attempt to twist and exploit this fact .
 This movie starts off in a way that made me scratch my head . As you go further in the movie the head scratching may continue , but in a good way . For some the headscratching is ridiculous , the questions that arise become tiresome . If you liked the show ` Lost ' I have great confidence that you will enjoy this movie . If you did n't like the show ` Lost ' you will probably not like this movie . Just approach it with an open mind and realize that things are not as they seem as you continue on your journey .
 It 's pretty much a mind f & * k. Deja vu all over the place ... The ending is quite spectacular . It 's not about the Bermuda Triangle is that is what is deterring you from watching . It does take place on a cruise ship - mild gore - it has it 's creepy moments .
 Wow . I did not expect this movie to be as awesome as it was . It 's a bit slow to start , but after the first 20-30 min , it starts winding up . All the way until the end . It 's the equivalent of McEscher in video form . Simply amazing . I 'll probably watch it again to see what else I may have missed .
 More than just a scary movie ! Has you thinking as you watch ! What will happen next or what did happen ? Plot develops very well . If you love horror and time travel , this is the one to watch !
 This was the BEST movie I have seen in a very long time - It Has a very unexpected chain of events through out the entire movie.I definitely suggest watching !
 For one poor woman , it 's a day from hell ! Just when she thinks she 's found a way out , she 's right back where she started ! I 'm not gon na give too much info about this movie away , great film about friends getting stuck out on the ocean after their boat tips . They spot a ship and think their troubles are over . They could ' t be more wrong!A must see for fans of The sixth sense , Shattered , and other sci-fi , horror films .
 Suspense was great . It took a little while to get started , for a good reason . Watch it all the way through and it all makes sense .
 Friends of mine insisted I watch this film . I knew nothing about Triangle and the experience blew me away . It was better because I really did not know what was going to happen . It reminded me of that film ` From Dusk Till Dawn ' when half way through , the whole film suddenly turned down a road you did not expect . There is so much going on in this gem of a movie . I have seen it three times . Every time you notice something else . It is confusing at first but stay with it . I thought it was quite clever . Unfortunately not many people have seen it , it went under the radar.It stars Melissa George who used to be in ` Home and Away ' and you may have seen her in that brilliant television series ` The Slap ' . She is a very good actress . ` Triangle ' is directed by Christopher Smith who gave us the excellent ` Creep ' which you may recall created a hostile atmosphere within the London UK underground system.The story is about Jess -LRB- Melissa George -RRB- who is confused , telling her colleagues -LRB- when they are all on a comfy little boat trip -RRB- she has been there before . Her confusion and concern is a great start to this film . I was a bit cocky watching this film , second guessing where the story was going , my advice is just go with the flow and do your best not to read anything before viewing . The bloody Blu-ray box cover almost tells you everything ! After the film I had some questions I needed answering , so I carried out some online investigation ... if you do catch this great film and end up feeling slightly unintelligent and confused like I did , let me know and I 'll put you right . As an actor myself I would love to work with Mr Smith the director , his imagination and sense of pace in a scene is dead on target for me . There are some respectful influences here from other films , let me know which ones you reckon they are . I recommend the Blu-ray version of course . By the way ` The making of Triangle ' is also interesting.My final words about this film is this
 Well , OK , Triangle does n't belong on the same shelf as Memento or Mulholland Drive . But it definitely belongs on a shelf above the vast majority of horror flicks , and it does indeed share the same type of resolutely non-linear plot that Nolan and Lynch eventually mastered . Even Christopher Nolan had to practice for Memento -LRB- see his excellent first movie , `` Following '' -RRB- ; as Nolan says , a non-linear story aimed at snaring and then challenging the viewer is probably the most difficult to film . And I think this Aussie film , co-written and directed by Christopher Smith , is a surprisingly good first attempt at same.I 'd like to see more of Smith 's films in the future . As other reviewers noted , Triangle is well-crafted , with high production values and a subtle , perfectly effective score . I expect to watch it a few times , as I did with Memento and Mulholland drive -- I think Triangle invites and deserves repeated viewing.Of course , no review of Triangle would be complete without a mention of Melissa George -- she of the short-shorts and not-very-nautical high heels . She is blessed with two of the best legs in cinema , shown off very well in the movie , but , alas , she also has only two expressions in the film
 Christopher Smith is a partial newcomer to cinema , at least quantity wise . He 's been making films since 1997 however this is only his 5th movie to date . This one though has made me want to see where he is going as a filmmaker and excited about his 6th film which comes out next year . While I ca n't claim that this was the best horror film that I 've seen this year the unique way it was presented with such a very underused premise was brilliant to watch.The story involves a group of ` friends ' who are going out to sea on a yacht for the day . By group of friends I of course mean they all know the owner of the yacht but really do n't know each other for the most part making it hard for them to easily interact with one another . It 's a great reason on bringing a group of strangers together that makes sense without having to try to bring up a long and drawn out back story . All you need to do is focus on the potential love interest of the owner of the yacht - Jess . A single mother and clearly out of it Jess is the major character to follow throughout this story as she is the first to realize something is out of the norm.While at sea there is a flash storm of epic proportions that destroys the yacht and we see the group survive and picked up by a passing ocean liner . I use picked up rather loosely as it pulls up right next to them and they hop on without it stopping . It 's not every day where you see an ocean liner that is apparently empty of passengers and crew alike . While it appears deserted you know as well as I that while watching a horror movie a deserted area is never truly deserted and soon after the killing starts . Someone is hunting this group of friends.Now when you have such a small group of people that been rescued you would wonder how they can all be killed rather quickly and still allow the movie to easily go forward ? Without realistically spoiling a single thing they are quickly removed and it quickly becomes clear that `` Jess '' is both the main character and the only one that matters . However , this is quickly shown how it is possible though the explanation is n't readily apparent until further into the movie . There is a twist that comes up that reminds me of a few science fiction plots I have seen in my day though never put into such a fun horror themed world . It 's hard to go into great detail with the story line without touching on what the twist is or how it plays out , which is a shame because said twist is what will make or break the movie for you.The film itself carries through to the end and has a strong finish that makes you truly feel that you finally see what is actually going on . It 's not a ` unique ' idea in horror but one that is rarely used and never quite like this . If you want something that is mostly original and not your everyday horror movie -LRB- yet still a slasher flick at heart -RRB- this one is a great one to pick up or rent .
 If you like movies likePrimerand the Spanish filmTimeCrimes , then you will enjoy the time paradoxes in `` Triangle . `` UnlikeTimeCrimes , the protagonist in this film seems to remember each time loop , and is able to change events in each iteration , so you get the idea that , given enough trips through the loop , she will eventually achieve her goal -LRB- although at the end , she seems to be making the same mistakes and forgetting everything she has learned -RRB- . Also compared to the two other time paradox films listed above , this one seems to make the most sense , and the character motivations seem the most straightforward -LRB- even without the scientific mumbo-jumbo ofPrimerandTimeCrimes -RRB- .
 Had no expectations when I received this film.Thought it was going to be another slightly entertaining B-movie . A certain set of events moved rather fast and made me wonder a little bit.Especially the way it happened and what was said by the characters.Then a few scenes later I was flabbergasted.And after that it kept throwing out ropes of disbelief.Put me in the mind of certain sci fi films I have seen.And there is still one character who appeared near then end that I am wondering about.I have an idea of what that character may represent but it may be nothing.Surprised me with its quality.Good film .
 This is an awesome movie . Ok the budget lacked a little but who cares . This movie will keep you guessing wtf is going on all the way to the end .
 It 's actually pretty cool . A little predictable , but still cool . It 's graphic , so be ready for plenty of blood .
 WHEN I SAW THE TRAILER TO THIS MOVIE , IT LOOK VERY INTERESTING ENOUGH TO BUY SO I PURCHASED IT ASAP . THIS MOVIE DEFINITELY LIVED UP TO THE TRAILER PREVIEW . LEAD ACTRESS MELISSA GEORGE CARRIED OUT THE MOVIE WITH SUCH A GREAT PERFORMANCE . I DO NOT WHAT TO GIVE THE PLOT AWAY ESPECIALLY THE ENDING . I DO RECOMMEND TO LISTEN VERY CLOSELY TO THE MEANING OF THE STORY WHEN THE CHARACTERS ARE TALKING ABOUT `` AEOLUS '' THE GREEK GOD OF THE WINDS AND FATHER TO `` SISYPHUS '' . IT EXPLAINS A LOT . I WATCHED THE MOVIE TWICE TO PUT ALL THE PIECES TOGETHER AGAIN . SO PLEASE AVOID THE NAYSAYERS REVIEWS . THIS MOVIE HAS MANY TWISTS , TURNS AND CIRCLES , LEAVING THE ENDING TO ITS CLIMAX TO `` SISYPHUS '' . IF YOU WANT TO KNOW WHAT THAT MEANS BUY THIS MOVIE , IT IS A SUBLIME ADDITION TO MY LIBRARY COLLECTION .
 Triangle deals with eternal recurrence where there is no death only the recurrence of the sames events eternally without change , the myth of Sisyphus also alludes to recurrence . In ancient Greece the belief was that at Death the deceased found themselves in the netherworld on a Riverbank of the River Styx awaiting Charon The Ferryman to appear to take them over the River Styx to the Land Of The Dead -LRB- No Return -RRB- . In order to Take the Dead over to the Other Side the Dead Had To Pay The Ferryman with an Obelos -LRB- Coin -RRB- Which Was Placed in the Mouth Of The Dead At Death . Little known but believed by the Ancient Greeks and taught by the Stoics is that one could Return and Live Your Own Life Again From Birth to Death . In Order to Do this you had to Drink the Waters Of Another River Called The Lethe the River of Forgetting . The idea was that you would drink the Waters and you would Go Back and Live Your Life Again having forgotten that You Had Lived Your Life Before . Anthony Peake goes into the hard science and neurology of how this occurs in our lives or rather death . Similar themed films include Slaughterhouse 5 , Groundhog Day and also some Twilight Zone episodes . Sparing repetition of other reviewers it is a well acted and directed film on a budget . I picked that it was Australia and not the USA where it was filmed ie the houses , sprinkler , streets , car -LRB- even though left hand drive and right side driving -RRB- so the location people could have done some more research to convince us that it really was the USA . Thoroughly Recommended Viewing
 Only this and ` Sherlock Holmes ' were grabbing my interest on the new Video On Demand releases . I was afraid this was going to be a slasher flick . I 'm so glad I picked ` Triangle ' . I have n't been this freaked out by a movie in a long time . There 's truly some memorable scenes and one that gave me goose bumps towards the end . Superb directing , the atmosphere was just fantastic . Melissa George really showed her acting potential here , although I only have one other movie to compare to . And I 'm like , who are these other actors ? Surely one of them is going to completely bring the movie down in some way . Absolutely not . Solid acting all around . If you dig ` Twilight Zone ' or just like freaky movies that make you think afterwards , you ca n't go wrong with this gem .
 When Jess sets sail on a yacht with a group of friends , she can not shake the feeling that there is something wrong . Her suspicions are realized when the yacht hits a storm in the Bermuda Triangle and the group is forced to board a passing ocean liner to get to safety . The ship appears deserted , but Jess is convinced she 's been on board before . They soon realize they are not alone , someone is intent on hunting them down , one by one . This movie definitely get your mind all twisted after finishing it . The movie leaves you figuring out your own answers as to what it all means . There 's not much as far as gore goes , but there 's a decent amount of blood in a few of the scenes . Luckily the movie is n't easily predicted , and constantly forces you to analyze the events and why they 're happening . A surprisingly good movie that leaves you guessing up to the end . Watch it .
 Though nominally a horror movie , Triangle is n't particularly scary . Instead it 's a puzzle-box film which solid cinematography and acting lift out of the B-movie realm . -LRB- It 's more like a B + . -RRB- But really the only thing that matters for this kind of movie is if the rules of the game it lays out are intriguing enough to draw you in , and on that account Triangle is a success . It does lurching plot twists , intricate chronologies , and retroactively important throwaway details with style and precision.LostandMementofans should feel right at home . After a viewing or two , you can cruise on over to the comment threads on the IMBD page to read elaborate theories as to what really happened . Until then the usual spoiler cautions apply
 Three minutes or so before the end of this movie , I finally figured out just what the heck was going on . To be honest , I 'm not the best at guessing what ` twist ' is coming and when I finally figured it out , I thought
 I ca n't recommend this film enough . The less you know going in , the better it is . Stick with it , pay attention to details , and it will blow your mind .
 The premiss of the movie is great . I do n't want to spoil it for any one but I found it was frustratingly thrilling in a way that has you trying to figure out just how and when it all will end . It also had the bloodiness I look for in a good horror . The female lead -LRB- Australian born Melissa George -RRB- is great . She also stars in 30 Days of Night . I highly recommend this movie . I watch a lot of horror/thriller/sci-fi and this is something I have not ever seen before . Beautiful sad . I will watch this over again for sure .
 Spoiler Alert . Do n't read this if you do n't want to hear about the story plot.The main character is a single mother named Jes . She has a short temper when it comes to her young son . The movie does n't show her physically hurting her son in any way but it does show her scolding him for leaving a toy out and spilling paint . But , by the end of the movie , you figure out that she must have killed him during an angry outburst.The death of her son , leaves Jes in a never-ending cycle of `` purgatory '' as she boards a sail boat thinking she can do something different that will change the outcome of what happened to her son . Unfortuately for Jes , this does n't happen because each time she boards the sailboat , the same events occur .
 Christopher Smith is definitely a director to watch . TRIANGLE takes what could have been a tired premise and draws it out to -LRB- and beyond -RRB- its logical conclusion . Melissa George stars as a young mother who takes a boat trip with some friends . When the boat capsizes , they take shelter on a seemingly abandoned cruise ship , and soon discover they 're not alone.I thought I was ahead of the movie , successfully figuring out `` the twist , '' but was n't prepared for what came after . Smith 's film has a premise that demands certain things to be true , and he follows his own rule to the letter . By the end , he 's executed the premise with impeccable conviction , letting the movie wrap and twist around itself far more than I would have guessed . It 's remarkably effective . The final act is an extraordinary payoff , giving us a sisyphean tragedy that actually felt complete.I 've been recommending this to friends and they 've all enjoyed it just as much as I did . A real surprise , and I think this movie deserves a lot of attention .
 Time travel itself dates back long before H.G. Wells had penned his first science fiction novel the brilliant `` The Time Machine '' but `` time loops '' are a more recent sub-genre of time travel made popular by `` Ground Hog Day '' . GHD has even become a term in Quantum Mechanics and was mentioned in `` Triangle '' . The basic theme of time loops is that the hero/heroes relive the same period of time over and over in hopes to make changes which might make a better future . Jess , the heroine of the story , is reliving an ocean voyage and is the only one of her friends who realizes they are caught in a time loop . The greatest problem with time loop stories is the they create faults which cancel out the logic of the story such as the famous Grandfather Paradox where a person kills his own grandfather making it impossible for him to have existed and travel back in time to kill his own grandfather . As one person pointed out the looped car accident could not have happened over and over or else there would have been a pile of broken cars and bodies , the accumulation shown by the pile of dead sea gulls . However , anomalies do occur in the story , for example , in one loop Jess never interacts with the new group while in another loop she holds a shotgun on her other self . The traffic accident could have been one of these anomalies and not part of the loop . I defend the movies because I really loved it and consider it one of the better , perhaps the best , in this new genre .
 An excellent movie for the thinking person who also happens to love horror/creepy/sci-fi / suspenseful type movies . Well directed , conceived , and executed .
 I flipped this on at about 1 am when I had way too much grading to do to work in silence . To be honest , I was n't expecting much except some white noise in the background , but I was pleasantly surprised when it was all said and done.I did some research , and read that this was an Australian production , which is probably why I had never heard of it , even being a fan of B-style-horror movies . It starts off fairly typically , to be honest I thought the first 30 minutes were so standard and typical , I almost turned it off . However at about 40 minutes in , the movie ` felt ' like it was about to end ... 45 minute movie ? ... did n't make sense . So it drew me in for that reason , and it was about the 45 minute mark -LRB- ish -RRB- that this movie takes a twist and just goes nuts from there on out.I do n't want to really reveal the plot point I am speaking of , but I 've never seen a movie twist so hard and pick up at a fairly relentless , and at times slightly confusing , pace . It turns from being what looks like a fairly stupid stranded/slasher movie to something totally different , and for the last half really plays with your head making you constantly question what is real and what is n't . I thought the female lead does a great job at conveying this as well -LRB- it would SUCK to be in her shoes that 's for sure -RRB- . So look , this is n't the greatest horror movie ever , but damn , it was surprisingly good . By the end , it leaves you in the wake of such a twisty path , it has you thinking hard about the beginning again -LRB- thus redeeming its -LSB- seemingly -RSB- slow start -RRB- . I think any horror fan would enjoy this flick , it might not be the best ever , but I think it will surprise many of you . By the way , I got jack graded that night , although it was worth it .
 I liked all the Twist & Turns . It 's a good movie . Makes you wonder it she 'll ever get it , the loop stopped .
 Wow they actually made something new & refreshing in horror !!! Great JOB !!! This is a very different kind of story & nothing is as it seems . Very Creepy & Mind bending !!!
 This is a small indie film that essentially represents what is called a &#34; loop &#34; or &#34; endless loop &#34; film . In this context , a character is condemned to repeat the same series of events over and over again -LRB- such as the film Groundhog Day -RRB- The story alludes to the mythological figure Sisyphus who was condemned by Zeus to endlessly push a boulder up a hill only to have it fall back to the bottom . According to an essay by French philosopher Albert Camus , there is a certain honor or nobility in continuing that task , even though no matter how a person tries to change the events , he can not reach a desired outcome.This particular film ties the endless loop scenario within the framework of an apparent slasher genre , but offers a lot more . With a modest budget and low expectations , it produces a very pleasant surprise in terms of the complexity of plotting and themes .
 This is a gem of a film that most people do n't know about . I wo n't go into spoilers , but suffice to say it has a multi-layered plot and it takes some thinking after it 's over to figure out what happened . The less you know going in the better . A second viewing is almost essential to really appreciate and enjoy it . There are clues and symbols cleverly scattered througout . The movie follows an internal logic and does indeed make sense . I think that the few one star reviews are from people who did n't get it or did n't like having to use their brains a little bit . The photography is good and the performances are mostly good . I have seen this film 3 times now and have noticed something new each time . Highly recommended for people who are sick of brainless , formulaic hollywood horror films .
 Me parece una pelicula de terror que realmente cumple con ese calificativo , deja una sensacion de temor al final.Seguirla con atencion
 I like the actress and the movie , it slowly revealed what was happening . If you like quick action movie , this is not your type . Overall , a nice movie , watchable .
 This movie does not follow the typical horror flick plot . You have to get through a quarter of it before you start to figure out the plot . This is more of a psychological horror film than a typical paranormal scary film . Love it . It 's a mix of memento and ghost ship just to give you a taste of what this is about without spoiling anything .
 Only Hitchcock could have done it better . This has all the twists and turns of a great thriller . It is for people who like to think during their movies , for this is one thought provoking film . There are enough synopses here , but I want to correct a few impressions . It is not a slasher film , but there is blood . More importantly it is about one woman 's fight within to do the right thing . The ending is a shock and yet I feel I should have seen it coming . The time went by so quickly and my attention was so completely hooked that when the movie ended I had to take a few minutes to come back to my own life . If you like mindbending thrillers you will love this . If you want slash and gash with no plot watch Freddie again.I am buying it so I can watch it whenever I want to.I have never given a movie a 5 , but this deserves a 4.5 .
 Do n't watch this if you are in the mood for a horror flick that you do n't have to pay attention too . You wo n't have the sudden loud music and movement shock in this one , but you will have a movie that makes you think . Really enjoyed it .
 The film has some fairly good acting and effects one of the best Bermuda Triangle fictions I have seen
 This psychological thriller is a mind-bending exercise in cinematic treachery . It 's original and well done with an outstanding performance from Melissa George . Nothing is as it seems and you 'll find yourself enthralled with its complexity . Go to the IMDB and the message board for this movie and you 'll find some intriguing theories on the plotting . Certainly an above average thriller and well worth your time .
 This is a good thriller , with Melissa George turning in an intelligent , haunted performance.At several points it seems as if it is going to reprise some other well-known movies that involve terror at sea . As the friends set out in their yacht for a pleasant , unsuspecting day - a strange storm cloud overtakes them , suggesting the transformation that created `` The Incredible Shrinking Man . '' Later , as they board the seemingly deserted , antique ocean liner , we think of movies such as `` Outward Bound '' with its cast doomed to sail in limbo . Then when we realize that the ship might not be deserted enough , that there might be a homicidal maniac aboard - we think of movies such as the Billy Zane/Nicole Kidman thriller `` Dead Calm . `` However the movie does n't follow closely in the wake of any of these movies . It sets off into uncharted territory of its own . Although some of the assaults seem a little too repetitious , the atmospherics aboard the liner are likely to hold you in suspense.But this is n't a movie for those who demand pat answers . However I suggest you check out the brief bonus materials on the DVD . There 's no Director 's Commentary , but there is a short series of interviews with some of the stars and other people involved in the making of `` Triangle . '' In the very last comment elicited in this series , the star suggests an interesting way to interpret some of the plot elements here . She might have hit on something . The film certainly leaves you with something to think about .
 I 'm not going to talk about the plot because it is something that needs to be watched and will be better with the less you know.I thought it was an absolutely fascinating supernatural thriller . It is very complicated and does n't make much sense at first and will leave you wondering long after the credits roll.The look of the film is great and directed very well . I was very surprised that the cast were not horrible actors . Usually films like these fall burden too the fact that only the lead and maybe main supporting role put on good performances but I thought everyone did a great job , especially the lead.The dialogue is n't amazing but it is made up by most of the brains of the script being put towards its complex and twisted structure.It is n't overly gory yet the violence is still incredibly shocking.I really liked the ending , it still leaves me wondering how some things happened and I really think it needs to be watched more than once . But I do n't think the questions are enough to take away from the whole experience of the film.Overall I thought it was an incredibly unique , complex , thoroughly entertaining , and a clever and very well made film . Unlike many horror films I did n't think this one feel apart at the final act and continued to surprise me right until the credits rolled . I think I would consider this one of my favorites which is saying a lot when considering how many horror films I actually like . Now I may not have found this to be as scary as Paranormal Activity I think all together it is a much better film and my favorite horror film of 2009 , if it can even really be considered one . 8.5 / 10
 Excellent film , if you are into mind trips like david lynch films and love lucid dreaming because this movie puts you there !
 This movie forced me to stretch my mind ; I 've been thinking about it for days . The movie opened up a world of possibilities in my imagination .
 I have never written a review on amazon , but when i seen this movie didnt get 5 stars i had to write one . Dont let these other reviews ruin the movie . It is genius . Dont ask details about it before hand and dont expect a horror flick and you will love it . Trust me . It is the best movie to come out in a long time and very well bugeted . Please give this film a chance . If you dont like it let me know if thats possible . but like i said i didnt put any details of the actual movie because its best not to know anything about it before you watch Triangle .
 11pm after a 5 hour nap from an exhausintg day of work I put this movie in and expected to fall back asleep watching it . The film woke me up !! The twists and turns are enough to give you a headache but I enjoyed the complexity of it all . Amazing actress in the lead role and I was right with her along the way . It was n't the greatest movie I 've seen but sure one I 'd suggest others see .
 I bought this movie on the sole image the name created in my mind . I was excpecting another Bermuda Triangle Rewrite and was very pleasantly misled . As long as the story unfolded I COULD NOT take my eyes off the screen . It was so refreshing to see a movie with a different perspective on psychological horror . Totally well thought out & exacuted to perfection without relying on FX , big name B quality acting , crappy shortcuts & riped off formulas . Do n't wan na give away a smidgen of the plot , but if your ready for some really desent kick-asscinema , look no further , the shizzle is right here , CouchCat
 I was really expecting this to be a dud . But I was pleasantly surprised that this movie turned out to be fairly good . I really would n't label it as a horror film though since I associate `` horror films '' as slashing graphic violence and excessive amounts of blood . This movie is more of a `` Twilight Zone '' than horror . In my opinion this film gets you thinking about the whole loop thing and does the main character ever break the loop . Even though there are plot holes I think that this film is worth a look . I love that the Taxi driver asks the main character `` You will come back wo n't you ? '' I think that this is a reference to Sisyphus the son of Aeolus .
 I really enjoyed this movie ! Great acting , story , and directing that kept me guessing and glued throughout the film . From it 's opening sequence all the way to the very last minute , the film does a good job of building suspense and interest . This is some clever and imaginative writing that I do n't see too often now-a-days . Give it a chance , you will enjoy it !
 First off I have never felt the need to write a review before this movie but I see so many people giving this a bad one I wanted to add my 2c . This may be one of the best `` loop '' movies i have ever watched . It has so much going on inside of that I found myself constantly wondering what would happen next and how it was going to happen . By no means am I a film critic or would ever claim to be one , but the acting in this movie seemed very spot on to me . Watching a woman struggle with so many emotions that she seemed to play so naturally was a real pleasure.I really dont want to say much because anything I do say will almost be a spoiler to anyone who has n't seen it yet . If you 're looking for a new movie to try and and are into a sci-fi/fantasy element then I would definatly give this a look . Very well made and one that you will be thinking about for a long time after watching it .
 Very cool movie . Not sure why so many give it a bad review . One of the few that kept me guessing at the plot and ending .
 Technically , it 's a `` horror '' movie , but this was so brilliantly written , that it 's the complexity that is scary.I know you are reading my review right now , but I urge you to STOP reading any other reviews . There are way too many careless spoilers , invalid references , and just plain ignorance by people who do n't like thinking . Luckily I did not read any reviews , and was planning on just playing it in the background while I worked . Well , I did not get any work done . I was glued the entire time.If you are expecting a film of gore with no plot and just killing for no reason , this is not the movie for you . People are making comparisons to other movies , and again , all I can say is do not read any reviews , good or bad . If you get a hint of a movie title to compare it to , it will be ruined . But , it is not a copy of anything I have ever seen . But there is a unique genre , so to speak , that would bring several titles into comparison.I have no clue who any of the actors are , and I am just now looking for more by Director , Christopher Smith . He was also the writer of this flick , so I am dually impressed . The lead is Melissa George , and never heard of her , but appears she had significant television roles . Such as `` Grey 's Anatomy '' , of which I could never watch , and `` Alias '' , among many others . She was also in a bigger movie called `` Turistas '' which I saw , and do n't remember her , but this movie is so much better than that mess.This movie will play with your head . You have no idea what is going on until it builds and comes together . And just when you think you know what is going to happen , you do n't . Unfortunately there would be many viewers that would not be able to watch this as they were impatiently waiting for hacking with T&A. ; Though there is blood , it is not too bad.After reading some of the titles of these `` reviews '' , even those are giving away too much . I did the free stream with Amazon Prime . But , I actually have to watch it again , so I guess it 's another `` 2hrs I will never get back '' . But this time I am getting the DVD . It has great special effects , cinematography , and music , all with a storyline to die for .
 A much better film then I thought it would be ... very much so ! Pretty good acting job from Ms George as well . But you must watch it all-the-way-through . Do n't give up on it after 10 minutes . Get your popcorn ... mute your cell phone ... sit down , relax ... just enjoy a good movie .
 I tend to like off the wall films I have n't heard of before so I gave this one a chance . It is a little slow at the get go , but it picks up . It 's hard to really review this film without giving away the plot or any twists that it might take . The actors fell into their roles very well and I truly did n't know what to expect as far as an ending . I would watch it again .
 a movie that sneaks up on you . not a big budget . but an excellent film.and i like excellent films .
 This is a movie that starts off one kind of way with a bog standard cast and a bog standard `` creepy ship '' and then goes on to a very different place . Part of the accomplishment of this movie is that it 's not based on shock value or on high production . It 's based on psychology , and the lead actress carries off the emotional beats perfectly .
 I had recorded this movie originally off of TV years ago . It is in my opinion one of the classics and it brought back plenty of memories . What I really appreciated with this DVD is that it included the viewer to watch the film at it was originally intented . It 's definitely worth the price of admission .
 I went to see this movie when it first came out at the theaters . I was like 5 years old then . This is one movie I always wanted to own , and I have owned it for quite a while , just now getting around to write the review . My granddaughter , who is 11 years old , also loves this great old classic . Plenty of thrills and chills and one we never get tired of watching .
 This is a great movie to put on the TV and watch on a Friday or Saturday evening . It has some kind of scary parts and some not so scary parts that were supposed to shock us to death with the `` glasses '' that let us see the spirit world - what was then , supposed to be a new element in fear - is not just down right laughable - yet all in all a great movie to add to you classic horror collection !
 When I 'm up , late at night , when the info-mercials start , I put on my favorite guilty pleasure , 13 Ghosts . I 've always loved the William Castle films , and this is the most delightful of all , loaded with creeps , as well as loads of humor . One special thing is the love of the parents for their kids . The kids are played by -LRB- not so kid-like -RRB- Jo Morrow , cute as ever , and the terrific Charles Herbert , given top-billing over Donald Woods -LRB- the real main character -RRB- . The charming Rosemary de Camp is on hand , as well as Martin Milner , just before he became a hit on TV in `` Route 66 '' . `` The Wizard of Oz '' had n't yet become it 's annual TV sensation , and Margaret Hamilton is on hand to provide a wonderfully creepy housekeeper.I just ca n't say enough about how much I enjoy this film . It has a great script by Robb White , and William Castle directs as if nothing could be more fun.Side 1 of the DVD requires the viewer -LRB- provided in theaters in the 60 's -RRB- , side 2 has a version where you do n't need the viewer . Castle 's gimmick is complete with this DVD , which includes the viewer.When I first saw 13 Ghosts in the theater , when I was 10 , I felt so cool that I knew what a Ouija board was ... some things you simply do n't forget.This is a good film for kids , too , age 10 or older , though kids today are more resilient to the supernatural than I was , back then ; a much simpler time .
 An impoverished paleontologist ca n't pay his bills until his strange Uncle Zorba dies , leaving him his house and its 12 ghostly inhabitants . The scientist tries to discover what the ghosts want with the help of a pair of glasses that reveal the electronic traces of the ghost , his imp of a son makes friends with the ghosts and his wife is pushed to her limits by the their antics . And somewhere in the house is the final resting place of Uncle Zorba 's fortune , but only the ghosts can reveal where it is . All ends well for everyone -- well , everyone except the 13th Ghost ! A good old fashioned ghost story with innovative special effects ; also an interesting look at fears about science and scientists that dominateed the 50s and early 60s .
 This movie is a real classic liked it as a kid , and even now.Wish more time was spent on the ghosts though.The Part with Martin Milner where he got his was so cool.Kind of a Dumb Father Figure.Get a load of that Telegram Deliverers Face!One of the classic lines in this movie as said by the little boy , ' I Just Saw A Man Without A Head ' I recommend this movie for Margaret Hamilton and Martin Milner.Pretty Cool Ghoul Sounding Soundtrack also .
 I was skeptical but this turned out to be one of my 12 year olds favorites around Halloween . Its got good acting and not too scary for the kids .
 As the case with many other old horror films most people see the new one and think the old one 's bad too , well I can say this film is far better then it 's re make , it has some good jumps , and the classic message of becareful what you wish for .
 this movie is one of the greatest old movies ive seen yet!the illusion o effect is awesome .
 William Castle was reknowned for showman gimmicks to which he gave cheesy names , such as `` Percept-O , '' `` Fright Break , '' and `` Emerg-O . '' Although some of these effects were pretty silly , some were fairly complicated -- and most of them relied upon the communial nature of a theatre audience for effect . Consequently , a contemporary viewer sitting in the comfort of the living room simply does n't have much opportunity to experience a Castle film as it was originally presented . But there is one exception . The gimmick for Castle 's 13 GHOSTS was `` Illusion-O , '' which required the audience to use color filters -LRB- available at the box office -RRB- similar to 3-D glasses to see the ghosts in the film . Until recently , all available prints of 13 GHOSTS have been shown in simple black and white with the ghosts always visible , but the recent DVD release restores the tint process , and now you too can have the fun of a William Castle film right in your own home.Like most Castle films , the story is very basic . A financially strapped family inherits a house , and unless they actually agree to reside in it the property goes to the state . But the house is also residence to 11 ghosts `` collected '' by the previous owner , and his death raised the number to 12 . Now all of them are out to add another to their number . Who will the victim be ? The script , the design , the cinematography , and the story are just as hokey as they can be , but the cast -- which includes Margaret Hamilton of `` OZ '' fame -- plays it very straight and even without the Illusion-O process the film is a cult favorite . But Illusion-O puts the icing on top . Periodically , a caption flashes on the screen instructing you to look through the viewer . Look through the red filter , and Poof ! There are ghosts galore . Look through the blue filter , and Poof ! Ghosts be Gone ! Now , strictly speaking , you do n't actually have to look through anything to see the ghosts -- they are fairly visible without squinting through that little red lense -- but it does add a tremendous amount of fun to the whole thing.But do n't go planning that ghost-viewing party just yet . The DVD offers a few extras that are fairly mild but enjoyable -- but the darned thing only includes ONE viewer and if you want more you have to order them at an unreasonable price and then wait eight to ten weeks for them to arrive , and although you could probably run up a few extra viewers on your own that seems like a lot of trouble . Still , this may be your only chance to see a William Castle film as it was intended to be seen -- and Castle fans wo n't want to miss that . And those prepared to order the extra viewers -LRB- or make them -RRB- will find 13 GHOSTS lots of campy , silly fun .
 I saw this one at the theater waaaaay back in 1960 , and was scared under the seat before the initial credits were done rolling . -LRB- Hey , I was FIVE ! -RRB- I 've seen some of today 's jaded youth scared by it , too - IF you treat it right and show it in the proper atmosphere . The writer , Robb White , also did Castle 's `` House on Haunted Hill '' , and he seems to have a knack for the occasional creepy lines -LRB- like those from a pre - `` Adam 12 '' Marty Millner describing the death of the previous owner of the haunted house - no graphic scenes can compete with your imagination , and that 's how Castle gets his best effects . -RRB- Recommended for all ages , but the more sensitive -LRB- read intelligent and imaginative -RRB- youngsters * may * have a nightmare . It 's GOOD for them ! ; - -RRB- Margaret Hamilton , the never-to-be-forgotten `` Wicked Witch '' from `` The Wizard of Oz '' , plays the housekeeper . Poor Margaret - she HATED this movie , and yet - she just could n't break away from that one role . She keeps her chin up here , but it 's obvious her heart 's not in it.When this was first released to theaters , the lucky members of the audience were given `` Ghost Viewers '' - all part of the `` ILLUSION-O '' marketing campaign William Castle dreamed up to market this Saturday-matinee special . These `` viewers '' occasionally show up on some on-line auction sites as a reminder of a more innocent time , when a Saturday afternoon at the movies was cheap , fun , and something you 'd always remember .
 If you consider this movie 's age , it holds up right well ! William Castle , the reigning king of spook movies in the late fifties and early sixties , was in fine form with co-conspirator Robb White in this spooky tale of a family inheriting a house and it 's twelve ghosts . Someone in the house has been marked to be ghost # 13 . The ghosts are hard to see without the special 3-D lenses issued in the theaters , but the atmosphere is appropriately frightening.The dialogue is witty , yet wooden , and the acting is only as a film at this time could be -- deadpan yet tongue in cheek . Margaret Hamilton plays the witch housekeeper , and she still looks like the Wicked Witch of the West . Martin Milner is cast in the role of the family attorney ; Jo Morrow -LRB- I remember her from the delightful `` Three Worlds of Gulliver '' -RRB- is a very pretty and effective ingenue , and Charles Herbert is a typical little kid , enamored with his ghostly surroundings . However , Donald Woods and Rosemary DeCamp as the parents are superbly cast . You can tell they were having fun with this , almost like they were in a community theater production.All in all , this is one of those great low budget classics from the sixties and scares without nauseating . Enjoy !
 The new HOUSE ON HAUNTED HILL should also have a credit listing this one as inspiration . It 's a perfect atmospheric haunted house chiller that works well on its low budget.A penniless family inherits a house from a forgotten relative . Unfortunately , that particular relative liked to collect ghosts ... and they all come with the house.There are several scenes which still hold up well by today standards -LRB- the Ouija board among them -RRB- and the sound effects are excellently suited for the surroundings.Unfortunately , the transfer from the original effects of the theatrical release leave the ghosts extremely transparent and somewhat hard to make out . Also , the characters in the movie have to put on goofy looking goggles in order to see the spirits.Oh well , you 'll still find this film fun . By the way , I forgot to mention the great sense of humor in the script -- as though the film-makers themselves did n't expect this film to be taken seriously . We did .
 I was fortunate to be just old enough to see this film in the theater during its original release . This was a golden age of cinema when admission was 25 cents and an all-day lollipop was five cents , and the theater industry was employing all sorts of gimmics to draw patrons away from TV . -LRB- A particularly famous gimmic was stationing registered nurses at showings of `` Psycho , '' to be ready for any heart attacks the movie caused . -RRB- And , yes , `` 13 Ghosts '' had a gimmic , the little paper-and-cellophone tinted glasses one wore during haunted portions of the film . If you wanted to see the ghost , you used the red side -- if not , the blue side . At the end of the movie was a trailer hinting that you should try using the viewer that night , after you got home , in a dark room ... there was no telling what sort of ghost you might see . That caused all the children to want to keep their little viewers , and I amusingly remember the anxious theater manager standing at the door as we crowded out , flailing around as he tried to grab as many of the viewers back from the kids as he could -LRB- I hid mine in my shirt , but saw no ghost that night -RRB- . `` 13 Ghosts '' is a fun-scary film -- and it features one of the most stunning opening-credit sequences in all of cinema . Looking closely , it 's easy to see how it was done ... so simple , yet so effective . Enjoy !
 This is a William Castle film , and has his stamp on every scene , from the minimalist set , to the Parker Bros. . Ouija board . William Castle shares with Roger Corman the position of Patriarch of the B-film . Not only has Castle made some of the best B-films ever , but he is one of the artists who defined the genre . This is one of his best.The acting in this film is sterling , even though none of the parts is especially demanding -LRB- as a B-film is wont -RRB- , but the child actor in the lead role is exceptional , and the adults guide the audience into taking some of the sillier aspects of the film , such as the ghost-view glasses , seriously.From the opening credits , this film is genuinely creepy . The opening is one of the best moments in B-film , if not in film altogether . If you force yourself to keep a distance , the opening sequence might be difficult to swallow , but why do so ? Throw yourself into this film -- it 's not hard , and you will have a great time.Some of the film may seem as cheesy as the Jaycee 's haunted house to the seasoned horror film-goer , but on the same note , it can delight you and make you feel just like a kid at Halloween .
 Another chilling low budget horror film from William Castle and Robb White . This one has the penniless Zorba family inheriting a haunted house that contains 12 ghosts . They need a 13th to set them free . This has some interesting casting . Margaret Hamilton , who is best known for playing the Wicked Witch of the West in the 1939 Wizard of Oz , appears as Elaine , the housekeeper who is also a witch . Very fun movie with real ghosts . It can be scary at times , especially the scene where Sy Zorba is locked in a secret room and sees all the ghosts . The spectre of a butcher with a meat cleaver is frightening . Good family entertainment for a stormy night .
 The DVD includes 2 versions of the film , one in straight black-and-white , and one in `` Illusion-O '' , where the film is still in black-and-white , except for several short sequences where the ghosts appear , which are presented in what is essentially red/blue 3-D . First runs of the DVD contained carboard `` Illusion-O '' viewing glasses , which are nothing more than standard red/blue 3-D glasses -LRB- but with cool vintage ghost graphics around the border -RRB- . Apparently later pressing of the disc do not contain the cardboard viewers , but still have the `` Illusion-O '' version of the film on the disc.Is the `` Illusion-O '' effect really that great , and does the lack of viewers negate the overall value of the DVD ? The answer to both is
 You may recall his 1958 horror thriller `` house on haunted hill '' . Here is another treat for those who loves his style for ghost stories . William Castle I guess just has a knack for directing ghost movies . Most all of his movies were superb , not one boring . The film deals with a family living in an old ramshackle mansion haunted by 13 ghosts . But here 's the mystery , One of the ghosts is n't real . And whoever that person is , that 's trying to get the family out of the house , is the murderur of the mansion 's owner . A great movie with a cast worth watching . Enjoy this movie , And remember to buy more of Castle 's films , They 're all worth watching !
 Willwam Castle was filling the theaters with his `` Gimick '' movies in the 60 's . With Illusion-O , you were given special glasses/filter ... if you were `` brave enough '' to stand seeing the Ghosts you would put on the glasses when a sign on the screen tells you ... Thats how they got to see the ghosts . Thats what made this movie so special for me.Was I brave enough to stand seeing the ghosts or did I dare , to put on the glasses ? This special effect had never been done before , and was never repeated again . It made the movie Special , new , different , and exciting . Mr castle did alot of audince interactive movies . Thats what made them so much fun ! This is still a wounderful movie . Alot of old 3D movies are making a come back to DVD.I heard that JUST ONE , illusion-o filter now comes with the DVD ... It was a great mind trick and it worked perfect . Hearing my self and a hundred other kids screaming at this Saturday Movie Special is an unforgetable memorey .
 In this day and age , watching an oldie horror movie can be quite amusing , especially if you happen to be watching one of the great B-movies of director William Castle , whose innovative gimmicks were the highlight for theater audiences throughout the late 50 's and early 60 's . Such movies as `` 13 Ghosts '' truly are classic films , ones that are remembered with fondness and provide laughs for future generations accustomed to more sophisticated shock tactics.The story is quite simple , really
 Maybe time has dulled the effect this movie had on me when I first saw it some forty years ago , but it still has its moments . William Castle artfully blended scares with laughs in this film and the combination works very well . The movie makes heavy use of sound effects along with some innovative visual effects which all add up to a very foreboding atmosphere ... just the kind of atmosphere for ghost hunting ! I wo n't spoil it by detailing the action ; I 'll let you see it for yourself . Too bad there is n't a ghost viewer packaged with each tape -LRB- it would n't work with TV , but it would be a great piece of nostalgia ! -RRB- For those who do n't know , the theatre gave each attending patron a ghost viewer . The viewer was made out of two layers of cardboard , decorated with drawings of ghosts , with two cellophane lenses -LRB- one blue lens and one red lens -RRB- sandwiched in between . One lens would make the ghosts show up really well while the other lens would make them pretty much invisible . During the movie , when the ghost alert was given -LRB- you were warned , although I do n't remember how , when the ghosts were going to appear so that you could be ready with your ghost viewer -RRB- , I watched through the lens that hid the ghosts so that I would n't have to see those horrid creatures -LRB- although once or twice I sneaked a peek through the other lens . -RRB- I even took my viewer home and checked out my bedroom before going to sleep ... just to be sure , you understand . It would also be nice to see the original before-feature footage of William Castle explaining how to use the ghost viewer . Oh well , memories notwithstanding , this is still a very good movie and one worth watching . I hope you wo n't be number 13 !
 I had the pleasure of screening this goofball entry into the ` Old Dark House ' genre several years ago at a college campus . It was presented in its original ` Illusion-O ! ' incarnation , where spectators are encouraged to use special ` Ghost Viewers ' in order to blot out the presence of the ghosts on screen -LRB- in the event the appearance of the title specters is too terrifying for the casual participant -RRB- . The introduction of these 13 phantoms coincides with the insertion of red & blue color sequences within a black & white film . The unusual complexity of this cinematic rigamarole begs the question
 I saw this movie years ago and always liked it.I know there is a newer version out , but like everything else theytend to go even more groosum than the original .
 This was the movie I was scared stiff to see as a kid . Special glasses to see the ghosts . Or take them off if you did n't . Just a fun movie . Pretty tame by today , s standards . But it was the start to today 's horror .
 Movie showman William Castle explains how to use the `` Ghost-viewers '' a pair of cardboard glasses that allow you to either see or not see the Ectoplasmic Ghoulies . The footage after the movie where Castle asks you to use the red part and look for Ghosts at home is intact . I have always enjoyed this film and along with THE TINGLER -LRB- 1959 -RRB- with it 's rigged thaeatre seats that literally tingle your spine and the HOUSE ON HAUNTED HILL -LRB- 1958 -RRB- with the Percepto effect -LRB- consisting of a Skeleton on wires that flew over the film audiences heads -RRB- this is my favorite of Mr. Castles gimmick features ... Enjoy this the original version and forget the pointless , un-focused and overly produced techno pop re-make released later .
 I was eight when I saw '13 Ghosts ' in 1960 . When the movie ended -LRB- with that door slamming -RRB- , I ran out of the theater . As fast as I could . I may have given the movie an extra star because of that , but what a great memeory . I like other William Castle films much more than this one , but none match that genuine terror I felt then . Check it out just for the fun of it .
 Though it was a little boring , and took a while to get into , it was an okay classic horror film , that I enjoyed for a few laughs , and a few chills . It was originally made to be watched with 3-D glasses , but it is okay without them . Check it out , if you wish . ENJOY !!!
 This Movie Was Great ! I Love The Ghosts , Expecially The One In The Kitchen , If You Havent Seen This Movie I Greatly Reccomend You To Buy It , It Actually Scared Me In Some Parts !
 Nothing like the remake - good clean fun with 3d glasses.Strange to see the guy from Adam-12 as a shifty lawyer.Funny to see the wicked witch from Wizard of Oz play the spooky housekeeper.Well written and I 'm sure the special effects were good for their time.Sets are well made.My daughter loved it ! - great scary movie for pre-teens .
 William Castle was a master showman . For a while , every movie he released had its own gimmick . For example , with the movie The Tingler , several seats in theatres where it was shown would be rigged with mild electric shocks which would be set off during key scenes . For 13 Ghosts , the gimmick was that scenes with ghosts were filmed with the background tinted blue and the ghosts tinted red -LRB- and difficult to see -RRB- . People in the audience were given a ghost viewer/remover . If you looked through the red lense , the ghosts are enhanced and become more visible . Look through the blue lense and the ghosts become completely invisible.William Castle 's films , especially 13 Ghosts , are for the most part highly enjoyable and entertaining even without the gimmicks , but now at last those of us who were unable to watch the original theatrical productions can at least experience the wonders of Illusion-O thanks to this DVD , which comes with one free ghost viewer/remover . And the effect works amazingly well ! You have the option to watch the film in normal black and white -LRB- like in TV broadcasts -RRB- , but the ghosts look more blobby and contrived . Watching it in Illusion-O makes a huge difference ! The ghosts look more detailed yet more ethereal , like actual ghosts , and the red tinting makes it all the more spooky . It 's also fun switching the viewer back and forth to watch the ghosts appear and disappear.The film itself is fun for the whole family , filled with humour and suspense and great characters , and is a far more effective horror film than the remake . I have n't had so much fun watching a competently made film in a long time ! And there is a great in-joke with the boy suspecting the housekeeper of being a witch -LRB- she is played by the same actress who was the Wicked Witch of the West in the Wizard of Oz -RRB- . Also included is a great documentary giving the background of the film . This DVD is highly recommended !
 they finally put back the illusion o and its effective although the ghost scenes could be viewed just for the tint on comercial cable tv
 i remember as a child of 9 the first time my friends and i went to see this movie it left a lasting impression . i went home that night and certainly did not want to take my 3d viewer with me . ive always been a lover of horror movies but for some reason that one stuck . then when the new one came out so many years later , i couldnt wait to go see it , and ended up quite disappointed ! if they would of kept the same storyline and left out the r rated features , and left in the fright , it would of been 100 per cent better . i would certainly enjoy another remake sticking to more of the old classic film .
 I waited for this edition , the dvd format finally does this movie justice . If you are a fan of the film -LRB- why would you be buying it if you were ` nt ? -RRB- then this is the version to buy - it comes with a replica `` ghost viewer '' and one side on the disc plays all in black & white , while side two plays exactly like you would have seen in the movies with the tinted ghost scenes !! Also included is a great short about the film And william castle 's how to use illusion-o glasses intro !! what are you waiting for ?? Get one today !!
 13 Ghosts is one of the most fun of the old black and white horror movies , and before Poltergeist , the only `` family '' horror movie , unless you count comedies like The Spirit Is Willing . Humor , fun gimmicks , and good acting by a great cast make it one of the most memorable haunted house films of the era.Donald Woods is a father , struggling to provide for his family and failing , who inherits an old dark house from his uncle Plato Zorba . Woods ' low-key performance as a mild-mannered , trusting , accepting , and gullible version of Ward Clever provides some of the more amusing aspects of the film . He decides to move into the old mansion simply because he ca n't afford to pay the rent in their own house with his salary from a natural history museum . His son Buck , played by Charles Herbert -LRB- Houseboat -RRB- is an avid reader of ghost stories and thrilled at the chance to search the house for spirits . Rounding out the cast is Rosemary De Camp -LRB- On Moonlight Bay -RRB- as the mother , Margaret Hamilton -LRB- the wicked witch of the West in The Wizard of Oz -RRB- as the housekeeper / medium / witch -LRB- ? -RRB- , and Martin Milner -LRB- who had previously appeared opposite Elizabeth Taylor as a juvenile , and later went on to star in Adam 12 -RRB- as the lawyer handling Zorba 's estate.Besides the house , the estate included a box containing a pair of gadgety glasses . These are the main gimmick of the film - they allow the wearer to see ghosts . And there are twelve ghosts to see in that house , including the ghost of a fierce lion and Zorba himself , who , it turns out , was a world class ghost collector . But who will be the 13th ? You 'll have fun finding out . The DVD also includes a pair of ghost-viewing glasses to help you out.The remake is scarier but only by virtue of an R-rating at the cost of all the charm of the original .
 Okay , like many reviewers have stated , no 3D glasses are given with the product , sort of a letdown -LRB- since the DVD packaging said it included a pair of glasses ! -RRB- , but if you can find a pair of 3D glasses sitting around the house , they should do the trick , saying that it 's still a nice widerscreen transfer of the film in BOTH Illusion O and w/out Illusio O.The DVD does have some nice supplimentals , just not the darn glasses , guess like William Castle himself , this DVD must have had a small budget , tried to contact Columbia Home Video , but they did not contact me back , oh well , still a great cheesy little horror flick !!! The Tingler -LRB- Also from Columbia Home Video -RRB- is also good fun too !!! Still very recommended !!!
 Some folks may consider this movie over the top , over the hill or just lame but I -- who saw 13 Ghosts in real time -LRB- 1960 -RRB- -- considered it the best of the spooky matinee fare of its day . It had a fantastic built up to the climax of the story . All the actors and actresses were top notch . But the true power of this movie was that it filmed in glorious B/W and in `` ILLUSION-O . '' You ca n't beat that combination ! And those who are critical of this movie ought to take a time out from their self-imposed and sanctimonious attitude and appreciate it ; directed and produced by William Castle himself . They do n't get any better !
 Cyrus Zobra -LRB- Donald Woods -RRB- with daughter Medea -LRB- Jo Morrow -RRB- , son Buck -LRB- Charles Herbert -RRB- and wife Hilda -LRB- Rosemary DeCamp -RRB- are your typical LA family as they inheirite a mansion . Cyrus recieves a weird pair of glasses that is said to make people see ghosts and that a relative of his worked in the mansion doing experiments in the supernatural as they soon find out that he was n't kidding.Fun haunted house romp from the famed William Castle as originally back in 1960 , he created another one of his gimmicks called `` Illusion-O '' which was a pair of glasses in blue and red that enables people to see ghosts on the screen during at certain times . The film co-stars Margaret Hamlin who is best known as The Wicked Witch from 1939 's The Wizard of Oz , i love the movie 's premise about a haunted house including the use of glasses to see ghosts as what they really are . Not a classic like `` House on Haunted Hill '' or `` The Haunting '' of that time but still a nice piece of spooky entertainment for everyone.This DVD contains a great transfer and nice quality of sound with extras like a pair of Illusion-O glasses , both Illusion-O and regular versions , a featurette and trailers including to this one .
 William Castle . Can you possibly think of him with that signature cigar , that teeth-bare smile and that impish twinkle in his eyes without smiling back?Stephan Sondheim proclaimed `` You 've Got ta Have a Gimmick '' and he may have learned that from William Castle.Thirteen Ghosts is all good fun . A family inherits a haunted house that may have a hidden treasure within . The previous owner invented some glasses that allow the wearer to see the ghosts . Are the ghosts trying to scare the family into refuting their newly acquired property , or are they trying to help the family thwart an unscrupulous intruder?Good ghosts or bad ghosts?Who cares ? The plot really is inconsequential . What 's important is that we get these really cool glasses with the DVD that allow US , THE AUDIENCE , to see the ghosts ! Well , they do n't really allow us to see anything that we could n't already see . In fact , the glasses really do n't do anything . In fact , my DVD did n't even include promised glasses , which I had planned to cherish forever . Or at least cherish for the duration of the movie.So the glasses really do n't do much more than the plot . We do , however , get to see Margaret Hamilton reveling in her -LRB- second -RRB- role of a which . Or is she ? Her final wink to the camera seems to indicate that she 's having fun ; if not with her character , then with us . After the legacy of `` The Wizard of Oz '' , we ca n't help but wallow with her a bit the way a happy hog might wallow in its favorite mud.And finally , William Castle reverently gives us a tongue-in-cheek warning if we still do n't believe in ghosts by the film 's end . He advises that we try the glasses on when we get home . At night . When you 're alone . `` If you DARE !!! '' It 's again just good clean fun . Or if you prefer , bad clean fun . Boo.We are reduced to the mindset we had when we believed in Santa Claus . To me , it 's fun to revisit that romantic part of my brain from time to time.William Castle is a comedian who laughs at his own jokes louder than anyone else does . But his laugher is infectious and we end up being thoroughly entertained by his schmaltzy antics . I would have given five stars if the glasses came with the DVD , as had been promised . This film is recommended.-Viddy
 This older movie is a lot better then the new 13 Ghost . Every one should see this one .
 I first heard of William Castle when I bought the movie `` House on Haunted Hill '' , which quickly became one of my favorite `` ghost shows '' . I watched the re-make of this film before I had a chance to see the original , and was intrigued . When my birthday came about , and I found this movie , I had no excuse . What a thrill ! I was unfortunate enough to have missed out on the 3-D craze of the 50 's , but thanks to Columbia/Tristar , Illusion-O is back with a vengance ! The movie makes great use of deep , haunting sound and the ghostly visuals to keep it creepy . Now , do n't get me wrong , mostly this is Mayberry horror , but there are a few scenes that honestly got me to jump ! Like the others , I lament not having more `` ghost-viewers '' to share with my friends , but even without the viewers , this Castle show is definately worth seeing . So make sure you keep your viewers close , and after the movie , give your dark house a good look-through with them to be sure none of the strange specters followed YOU home ...
 I belive if you like old scary funny movies this is the one for you.This movie shows threw all the years in the 1960s that they could still make a good movie.In my personal apinion that the old movies were the best.Now there all the high teck computers.If you want a good decent movie than purchase this movie it may be a oldy but it is a goody .
 I saw the newer version a couple years ago and never knew that it was a remake . Then I found out that Martin Milner was in it and I knew I had to see it . This was your typical old black and white movie . With the typical dialogue that you would think . But I thought this movie was really funny , i know it 's not supposed to be but oh well . Different times during the movie the background would change to blue and then ghosts would appear in red . The problem that I didnt realize when I bought this movie was that you need those 3-D glasses to view the ghosts without straining your eyes . I really liked this movie . It wasnt as scary as the recent one but it was a good horror movie for the 60 's .
 In the 1950 's Hollywood tried to add more realism and excitement to the movies -LRB- also to compete with television -RRB- by adding gimmicks and sensationalisms liked 3D -LRB- dimensional -RRB- . Horror Movie Director William Castle was one of those shrewd Hollywood tricksters who provided his audiences with thrills & chills in the 1950 's .3 D was semi successful but had limiting effects wearing these very peculiar tinted glasses . The illusion provided the viewer with the special 3D effect of items coming off the screen right at you . For a brief moment providing a scare or two . By 1960 3D had almost come to an end but William Castle had one last trick up his sleeve , `` 13 GHOSTS '' and ILLUSION - O. With this special effect the viewer could choose to see the ghosts through the RED lens or NOT to see them through the BLUE lens . The Illusion - O viewer -LRB- glasses -RRB- & the movie hype was a quick success for William Castle.Now for the first time on WideScreen DVD this Black and White cult horror film `` 13 Ghosts '' with Illusion - O including the Special Effect Glasses is available for your home entertainment . The 3D effects are quite successful and with a little imagination proves to be fun stuff!The DVD provides excellent digital picture & sound quality . The Anamorphic -LRB- auto adjust to any tv -RRB- WideScreen presentation -LRB- 16:9 HDTV Home Theatre -RRB- increases the enjoyment immensely.Summary
 Mr. Castle gave us the Tingler with seats that shocked you at those TENSE times in the movie . But , before that he gave us 13 Ghosts with the viewers so you could see the ghosts ! -LRB- When you wanted too -RRB- . You have to give Castle credit for trying new things and entertaining the audience . Is n't that what movies are suppose to be about . I liked this movie . Buy it ... buy some extra viewers ... have the kids over on Halloween and have fun.This is a keeper .
 I watched this movie because of the new one that is coming out , and I thought that it was a grate movie . So know I am anxious to see the new version .
 I belive if you like old scary funny movies this is the one for you.This movie shows threw all the years in the 1960s that they could still make a good movie.In my personal apinion that the old movies were the best.Now there all the high teck computers.If you want a good decent movie than purchase this movie it may be a oldy but it is a goody .
 This is an excellent DVD and I received it before the expected date and in excellent condition .
 This is a fantastic DVD . It 's the best print of this film I ever saw . Best of all , it features the original version that included the `` Illusion O '' gimmick . Movie audiences in 1960 were required to look through the red lens of the viewer to see the ghosts . If you did n't want to see the ghosts , you were instructed to look through the blue viewer . This is the first time the film was presented for home viewing using this process . A caption appears when the time comes to use the viewer , and then another caption appears to tell you to remove the viewer . Side B of the disc provides a version that does n't require the need for the special viewer . Both versions on the disc are presented in pristine widescreen . One thing - the effect is not 3-D like some reviewers mistakenly reported here . Also , the only reason I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 is because Columbia Tristar home video only provides one viewer . To get extras , you are required to write Columbia and pay $ 3 each for them . It 's a piece of paper with red and blue tinted paper in it , for heaven 's sake . They should have included at least three viewers .
 As I watched this film , I was prepared for a cheesy haunted house flick , but I dicovered the essence of this film that makes it remain a classic after forty-one years.As the opening titles are about to set out , we see the twelve ghosts that haunt the house throughout the film . Some look shocking , but others are cheesy . Oh well.The story centers around a family that inherits a house and find out that it is haunted , much to the son 's excitement . They enter the house and discover that it really is haunted . But watch out for the laywer that handled the estate before the uncle 's death . Also , watch for the witch like housekeeper that seems too creepy to be true.Overall , a good movie to watch , but not a terrifying film that other movies may supply .
 Last night I recaptured a treasured childhood memory when I watched `` 13 Ghosts '' in it 's new DVD incarnation . I was pleased to find that the film was entirely restored , including not only trailers but theatrical prologues and epilogues that I have n't seen since I was 6 years old . The `` Illusion-O '' process worked fully as well as it did in 1960 and overall , I was not merely pleased , but actually blissful at being able to so fully re-create that important -LRB- and influential -RRB- childhood experience.One small criticism , there is only ONE Ghost Viewer packaged with the DVD , and also , the RED filter is a teensy bit too dark , although the blue filter worked perfectly.Looking at the film again from an adult vantage point I was struck by how much the film has to do with `` secrets '' . From Buck 's Birthday wish right through to Elaine 's cryptic line `` Ask me no questions , I 'll tell you no lies '' , the whole plot of the film seems to be an exploration of secrecy/privacy within the family dynamic . Buck 's Birthday Party presents the visual motif of the circle -LRB- in this case the family circle -RRB- which is threatened by squares and angles -LRB- in the form of the book , and the squarish ghost viewers . -RRB- The family circle expands to include Ben , a grave mistake , during the Ouija scene , and sets the stage for the frightening scene which follows . Buck 's keeping of his secret is accompanied by his exclusion from the circle -LRB- of the Seance -RRB- and his subsequent endangerment.All three circle scenes have `` group communication '' as their theme . All the `` square '' scenes -LRB- dealing with the book , the four-poster bed , the secret panel in the staircase and , of course , the glasses -RRB- are about priviliged/private , secret communication . Plato Zorba , a man well used to keeping secrets , has been living in Los Angeles since the time of Buck 's birth . Buck and Plato are stongly connected , and have a similar attitude toward `` spirits '' and , of course , secrets . It is Buck 's need to differentiate himself from his family , and to trade on his secrets which leads him to confide in the one person unworthy of such confidence.Wonderful movie for kids , wonderful movie for adults , wonderful movie - period !
 This movie scared me to death when I was a kid . I had sort of a drought from seeing it for many , many years . local TV statons stopped showing Saturday night mid-night horror shows . Till one day I was in a local video store and saw it was out on VHS so I had to buy it . First time I had watched it since I was a kid 35 years later and it still scared me . It was scary but fun . Then when it came out on DVD with the red and blue ghost viewer that made it even more fun . the effects are nothing by todays standards but at that time they were good and William Castle was the P.T.Barnum of `` B '' movies he had gimmicks for all his films Normally I do n't get into paranormal movies but 13 Ghosts is the exception . I love it .
 I have been wanting to watch this movie again and it has been years and I must say it has been fun . I want to give you readers a hint of what to do if you do not have a viewer and it is easy . If by chance you have a pair of old style 3 d glasses with the red and blue lenses then you can view the movie as it was in theaters , the effect is silly but fun so look around and get a pair to view this movie the right way . The movie would be great for Halloween nights and perhaps a fun date movie . It is the right kind of horror film for kids as they find it funny . Enjoy it .
 The only way to view this movie is with a replica pair of Illusion-O `` ghost viewers '' that were once a part of this DVD package but are no longer available . FEAR NOT , though , if you have this DVD and not the viewers . You can SUBSTITUTE a pair of anaglyph 3-D glasses -LRB- red cellophane on left side and blue cellophane of right side of glasses -RRB- and when the original illiusion-o sequences of the movie appear ... put on your glasses and cover either the blue right-side of glasses TO SEE the ghosts or the cover the red left-side of the glasses if you are a ` fraidy cat and want tot eliminate the ghosts from the screen . These glasses are available thru different sellers on the internet and cheap enough -LRB- some pairs under $ 1 -RRB- for every member of your family to have a pair . This is a GREAT Wm. Castle `` gimmick '' movie and I origianlly saw it at the movie theater when I was 10 ... back in 1960 . Enjoy .
 william castle was one of the best b-movie makers there was -LRB- along with roger corman -RRB- and this is one of his best . a family inherates a house and finds that it is very haunted and that someone or something wants them out . this is great fun and tounge was firmly ib cheek when it was made . if you like old thrillers , or just cheesey b-movies you will love this one .
 My hobby is studying missionaries , especially videos , and this video is the most inspirational video I 've watched . It clearly shows the power of God through a humble servant who sacrificed all to lovingly care for the precious people of India . His faithful ministry yielded great fruits ! You will be amazed at the ending and his accomplishments .
 Troubles is a moving , extended meditation on the British presence in Ireland , in the years just prior to that country 's independence in 1922 . Part comedy , part tragedy , this beautifully filmed drama follows a shell-shocked Major -LRB- Ian Charleson -RRB- from the trenches of WWI to a crumbling hotel situated in the Irish countryside . In the wake of his betrothed 's sudden death , the Major stays on , beguiled by the hotel 's bombastic owner , Edward Spencer -LRB- Ian Richardson -RRB- . Soon adopted by an eccentric gathering of staff and guests -LRB- all expertly played -RRB- , the Major is rescued from his isolation , and is ultimately entranced by Ireland itself.Although the political significance behind much of what transpires between the English and Irish characters will likely be lost on a North American audience , Troubles can still be enjoyed simply as the Major 's story , as we chart his gradual transformation from embittered war veteran to lover , confidante and friend.The British military contingent is the least sympathetic element in the film , as it is surely meant to be . This undisciplined platoon , led by Sean Bean in a minor role , sparks two of the film 's dramatic crises , and confirms all our suspicions regarding the evils of colonial domination.It seems unfair that Ian Charleson , who died in 1990 , did not receive more prominent billing in the current DVD release of this superb film . By replacing his cover image with those of Ian Richardson and Sean Bean , the studio has misled the public as to who is actually the star of Troubles , and who are the supporting players .
 Troubles is a moving , extended meditation on the British presence in Ireland , in the years just prior to that country 's independence in 1922 . Part comedy , part tragedy , this beautifully filmed drama follows a shell-shocked Major -LRB- Ian Charleson -RRB- from the trenches of WWI to a crumbling hotel situated in the Irish countryside . In the wake of his betrothed 's sudden death , the Major stays on , beguiled by the hotel 's bombastic owner , Edward Spencer -LRB- Ian Richardson -RRB- . Adopted by the eccentric gathering of staff and guests -LRB- all expertly played -RRB- , the Major is rescued from his isolation , and is ultimately entranced by Ireland itself.Even though the political significance of much of what transpires between the English and Irish characters will likely be lost on a North American audience , Troubles can still be enjoyed simply as the Major 's story , as we follow his gradual transformation from embittered war veteran to lover , confidante and friend.The British military contingent is the least sympathetic element in the film , as it is surely meant to be . This undisciplined platoon , led by Sean Bean in a minor role , sparks two of the film 's dramatic crises , and confirms all our suspicions regarding the evils of colonial domination.It seems unfair that Ian Charleson , who died in 1990 , did not receive more prominent billing in the current DVD release of this superb film . By replacing his cover image with those of Ian Richardson and Sean Bean , the studio has misled the public as to who is actually the star of Troubles , and who are the supporting players .
 Set immediately after WWI and focusing gently around the troubles between the English and the Irish in Ireland , this layered saga rewards a viewer genuinely interested in the fate of its protagonist , the Englishman Major Archer -LRB- Ian Charleson -RRB- . Major Archer 's own mystifying and repeated `` troubles '' seem to eventually mirror the political troubles of British-occupied Ireland . And Ian Charleson gives a delicious performance that evokes just such an interest in his fate , no matter how eccentric his surroundings.With Major Archer as the focus , this film makes wonderful viewing , as we see the British in Ireland through his eyes . And everything that happens to him , and the people around him , can also serve as metaphors of the times.Major Archer 's primary interactions are with a self-absorbed and outdated Englishman , Edward Spencer -LRB- played aptly by Ian Richardson -RRB- and his eccentric family , and a magnetic and coquettish Irish Catholic named Sarah -LRB- Emer Gillespie -RRB- whose charms Archer succumbs to . Sympathetic to the Irish cause , Major Archer has antagonists who are exemplified by the young and belligerently British Captain Bolton -LRB- Sean Bean -RRB- . All three protagonists -- Charleson , Richardson , and Gillespie -- play their parts perfectly , and as the sprawling and multi-layered saga finally winds to a close , it feels moving and momentous.This is Ian Charleson 's last screen role , and a delightfully rich one . He plays the mild-mannered yet deep-feeling Major Archer with depth and with pitch-perfect affect . Lovely . -LSB- Note
 I keeping echoing over and over ... I watched this presentation because I aspire to see every possible iota of work available by the outstanding actor , Alan Rickman.Each time I view Rickman 's work solely for that reason , I am rewarded with an outstanding piece of entertainment I would have otherwise missed . This Masterpiece Theater presentation of Emile Zola 's acclaimed novel , ` Therese Raquin ' , is one more gem in that growing list of eclectic , but always exceedingly high-quality , films that make up the body of Rickman 's work.This tragic drama of a simple household populated by complex characters quietly unfolds in a sparsely stated manner , completely divergent from the shocking passion and emotional turbulence bubbling and smoldering under the surface of this story of illicit love , its requisite deceit , and the tragic explosion of events which are born of its temptations.Kate Nelligan -LRB- The Cider House Rules -RRB- in the title role reminded me of Tiny Louise in what I believe was Tina 's debut role as another dallying daughter-in-law , Robert Ryan 's in her case , Griselda , simmering with adulterous lust for Aldo Ray in ` God 's Little Acre ' . Brian Cox , as Laurent , Therese 's passionate lover , bears little resemblance to his recurring role of Ward Abbott in the recent ` Bourne ' films or even his smaller role as Doug Durwin in ` Minus Man ' . Simply said , his Laurent is ` deadly sexual ' . Kenneth Cranham was seemingly perfectly cast as Camille , Therese 's doomed cuckold , and certainly far removed from the villainous hitman , Gibson , in Britain 's 2001 film , ` Shiner ' . English actress , Mona Washbourne , shines herself in her role as Madame Raquin , with whom Camille , her son , and his wife Therese reside , and over whose literal head Therese and Laurent shockingly cavort sexually , while in truth nothing about Therese goes over her mother-in-law 's head , either before or after she becomes a helpless invalid left to the care of Therese.Alan Rickman -LRB- Vidal -RRB- in his role as artist/friend is resplendent in curls and could be my friend any day . Alan always makes the most of his role , no matter how small . Vidal is absolutely no exception , showing all the talent , charm , and creativity Alan 's dedicated fans would swoon over in the years following this early TV role.Rickman fans must watch this early work of Alan to be able to truthfully say they ` could see his talent unfolding even then ' . Lovers of drama and tragedy , love and lust , and a simple time-old story very well told will love this TV series dubbed by the `` DAILY EXPRESS '' to be ` One of the best serials ever seen on TV ... electrifying ' . They were not exaggerating by even one volt .
 I originally saw this series in the early 80s and the performance of Kate Nelligan left a huge impression on me as a 16 year old boy . Nearly 30 years later I knew I had to order it and watching it again I sure was n't disappointed . A true classic . I want to write her some fan mail . What a woman ! If you 're thinking of buying this , do not hesitate , I doubt you 'll be disappointed .
 Tells a story concerning a part of the bible . Children love it .
 Greenfingers is the story of Colin , a convict in the British prison system . Colin , who has been in prison for over ten years , is a model prisoner . When he is eligible for bail he is sent to a ` work camp ' style prison -LRB- Edgefield -RRB- , where he is supposed to learn a trade.Not caring about his fate , Colin is n't particularly choosy about which trade he learns and ends up in Maintenance . Eventually , inspired by his elderly roommate , Colin learns to garden . Through gardening , he finds a way to put the past behind him and heal himself and others by growing wonderful plants and contributing to the community . Inspired by Colin 's success a new work furlow program is initiated . . Through the program Colin makes new friends , a new love interest , and helps the men learn new skills . When a valuable art artifact is stolen from the work site , Colin and the convicts are blamed . Can Colin overcome his trouble to prove that Gardening has been helpful in rehabilitating the inmates of Edgefield?Although this movie was billed as a comedy , its not , really . I 'd call it more of an ` inspirational ' movie of the sleepy ` driving Miss Daisy ' variety . Colin is a likeable character with a checkered past . The fulfillment he finds gardening is quite entertaining . The other convicts are well portrayed and believable . I recommend Greenfingers for those who are looking for an inspirational movie everyone will enjoy . You wo n't be disappointed .
 A delightful English comedy romance for both genders . It starts off a bit slow , but gathers steam 1/2 in . The lead actor is a Cary Grant look alike , with the same suave and low key demeanor . The supporting actors are a great ensemble , but the movie does n't flush out the complexities of their personalities too much , except for Fergus who 's character is well developed . The movie has wonderful moments and is recommended highly .
 This was definitely one of the best movies I had seen in a long time . I ca n't believe that this movie was n't more successful , especially given the selection of movies this summer . In light of our recent tragedy , New Yorkers -LRB- or anyone for that matter -RRB- could really use a `` feel good '' movie right now . I can only hope it will be re-released . Great soundtrack !
 Ever since The Full Monty , the British have become the main producers of quirky , unusual comedies about ordinary people in extraordinary circumstances . Of course , some of them work better than others ; Greenfingers works very well indeed . The plot is funny , the writing avoids predictable turns and cliches , and Helen Mirren and Clive Owen lead a wonderful cast . That this movie is inspired by a real story only makes me want to recommend it even more .
 Who would n't like this movie
 This is a charming story of one man 's finding redemption in becoming a gardener . As a young man , he accidently committed a crime which resulted in his incarceration . He felt himself to be of no value and simply wanted to be left alone in prison . A new idea for prisoner reform placed him in a position to find a quality of life and quality in himself . As he became more interested in gardening , he began to relate to others and they to him.This little film has joyous moments and moments of deep reflection . And , of course , it has Clive Owen which is always a good thing .
 After hearing about this movie for months and months I bit the bullet and got it . I 'm glad I did because Greenfingers is the sweetest movie I 've seen in a long time . The premise is that a group of prisoners are sent to a open prison until their parole as long as they do n't escape . After Clive Owen 's character successfully grows violets the warden decides to make them gardeners . During all this the men begin to see a life outside of jail and end up at a flower show as well . If you want to see a movie that 's different , pick Greenfingers out of the garden of videos out there . You 'll be glad you did .
 From time to time the British Cinema shows us treasured pictures where the superb inventiveness of solid and original script shake hands with the British scent and the glamorous visual seduction.It ` s useless to talk about the prestigious level of acting . The most notable feature of this engaging movie resides precisely in the ambiguity of their characters . It is far to be a lineal story ; you may realize every one of them is absolutely persuaded and even convinced of the secure triumph in this unbalanced handicap at the moment to establish originality and presence.The whole weight of the anecdote is what bestows it this diamantine profile . Elegant , seductive and fabulous cinematography support a sensitive and simple story . Helen Mirren once more , steals the show , Clive Owen is superb and Natasha Little is a young promise to take into account in next films . Do not forget her name .
 In a medium to minimum security prison in England , a new program is started to teach inmates how to garden in preparation for their parole . In the meantime , they make the prison grounds look nice . This is an unlikely group of gardeners , one short timer and three lifers , one of whom is dying of cancer . The four of them learn gardening from books written by a Ms. Woodhouse , who later hires them all in a sort of work release project renovating a garden in a local estate . There are many twists and turns and surprises , but the gardeners find their way to Hampton Court and happiness in the end . Helen Mirren , Clive Owen and the rest of the cast are perfect in their parts and the story is very good .
 This is an entertaining , light comedy to enjoy with your girl friend , a romantic tale with gardening-and-craft overtones.Throughout the film , I could n't help thinking about Warren Clarke , who portrayed the prison warden . The defining super-nova of this actor 's career HAD to have been his over-the-top , outrageous characterization of the dim-witted Dim , in `` A Clockwork Orange '' more than 30 years ago . Though I presume Clarke is a superlative stage actor -- he has the demeanor and the delivery -- I can not imagine anything he has done since the `` Dim '' role being as uninhibited , energetic and fun .
 This was a really good movie . Clive Owen gave a great performanceas a man struggling to find what he wants in life , and Helen Mirren was outstanding as usual . Would highly recommend this movie . The entire cast of this movie was memorable .
 The Greenfingers DVD would be thoroughly enjoyed by people who love gardens . I really liked it and would definitely recommend it .
 I had seen this movie on a cable channel and had never heard anything about this movie before viewing it . I was so impressed by it , I had to order it fora friend who absolutely lives in her garden . This cast is just wonderful , and I thought this little gem of a movie was pure pleasure from start to finish , and I 'm not a particular fan of gardening , but you do n't have to be to enjoy this movie . When something is this well done , it has a wide range of appeal , and I can not imagine why this movie did not receive better promotion when it debuted . It certainly was a well kept secret , and I 'm just glad Ihappened on it and intend to watch it again with my friend .
 A warm and rather lighthearted movie that is pleasing to most tastes and obviously uplifting to the vast majority of reviewers here at Amazon . Not a whole lot of character development throughout the movie , but the characters are rather endearing nonetheless . Some will be skeptical as to the plausibility of such a prison set up , but it was refreshing to see an approach to incarceration that offers some real rehabilitation and redemption .
 GreenfingersI 'm a pushover for British films , so Greenfingers appealed even before I saw the trailer.This is a charming , hilarious film with a touch of pathos.It 's loosely based on a true story of prisoners in a minimum security facility who develop a gardening talent an go on to place in the coveted Chelsea Garden Show.Hunky Clive Owen plays Colin , a convicted killer . Good behavior allows him to be placed in a honor program where he discovers gardening , thanks to his elderly and frail cellmate Fergus -LRB- David Kelly -RRB- . A chance encounter with horticulturist Georgina Woodhouse -LRB- Helen Mirren -RRB- sets the men and their mates off to create a real garden and , in the meantime , changes each man in the program.Owen is a treat for the eyes and does a fine job as Colin , however , he comes across as a little stiff at times . Still , the film is good , clean fun for all and is one to add to your DVD collection.Recommended .
 This little movie was absolutely incredible . The acting was magnificient and the story line refreshing . I am so excited about some of the great films coming out of Europe the past few years . I compare this movie to Billy Eliot , Waking Ned Devine and Saving Grace . If you liked those movies , you will love this one , too .
 I have seen this film twice at the cinema , and have hired the video so many times , I think the video store is going to give me visitation rights!I thouroughly enjoyed this movie , and seeing so many talented actors in one film makes the viewing so much more enjoyable ! David Kelly , -LRB- Waking Ned Devine , Robin 's Nest
 Yet another brilliant British film . Inspired by a true story .
 I have been so disappointed in the DVDs I have seen lately , but this one really kept my attention and I found myself laughing out loud . Simply charming and sweet , I could n't help but be sad that it actually had to end . It is now in my top 5 . I hope a soundtrack follows because the music was great , too . I am wondering why this movie did n't get wide theatrical release ?
 Why more people have n't heard of this movie I ca n't imagine ! It is such a good movie and I never tire of watching it . Clive Owen and David Kelly were particularly good in it . Worth every penny and then some and please do not stop the movie when the credits begin to roll at the end otherwise you will miss a very funny remark that Clive Owen makes . I love this movie .
 Based upon actual events , Green Fingers is an unusual story about a group of violent criminals who were bright enough to accept a chance , when offered , to turn their lives around . This little film brings home some basic truths about human nature in a refreshingly simple , low key way . Watching these men learn , in the words of Clive Owen 's character , that they are more than prisoners , that they can bring things to life , is a joy . The performances of Owen , Helen Mirren , Warren Clarke , and David Kelly are remarkable for their restraint in conveying some very powerful emotions , preventing the movie from becoming an exercise in sentimentality and the banal ; the `` British '' humor keeps things light . Highly recommended .
 And yet another big up and coming UK acting talent
 After seeing a short part of Greenfingers on cable TV , I knew I had to get a copy . I adore British movies andthis was a lovely story . It is an unusual vehicle for some of the major actors and actress but well done by all.I am just starting a DVD collection and this is a fine first purchase .
 If you are a fan of anything British or any type of gardening , you will thoroughly enjoy this quiet tribute to both .
 This is an excellent film . Do n't know how I missed it when it came out . Strong script and even stronger actors .
 Me daughter recommended this to me and I will say it was cute and I enjoyed it .
 Clive Owen is just plain delightful in this movie . He does n't play in too many comedies so be sure to catch this one . This is a very enjoyable British comedy/romance . The story centers around a convict that as a young man committed some unknown crime . When he is transferred to a prison with an eye on rehabilitation he discovers he can grow plants . After he does well with the prison garden , hortaculture becomes a sponsored work project . As they become a media draw they get political interest as well and find themselves in a quandry to do what they want and what the government and society wants . This is fun to watch and I especially recommend it to those that enjoy British comedies . Good quality DVD with great replayability . This is based on a true story and well worth owning .
 ` Greenfingers ' is a winning , little film that harkens back to a time when Clive Owen was mostly unknown to international audiences . At the point this film was released , he 'd mostly starred in British television , the sole exception being the vastly underrated filmCroupier . Shortly after ` Greenfingers ' cameGosford Parkand , more importantly , Closer -LRB- Superbit Edition -RRB- in which he blew Jude Law and Julia Roberts off the screen . Now he 's Clive Owen , International Superstar , the kind of actor that makes my wife audibly gasp when he appears on screen -LRB- Bardem is the only other guy in this category -RRB- . So , from that perspective , it 's interesting to watch a movie made in 1999 - 2000 and see Owen putting in a workmanlike performance . I like the chemistry between him and David Kelly -LRB- ofWaking Ned Devinefame -RRB- as well as the paternal stewardship shown by Warren Clarke as the warden , who I enjoyed immensely in the underrated , mis-marketedBlow Dry .
 Once again I am left wondering if the NEW YORK TIMES reviewer saw the same film I did . Take my advice - ignore the review and see this film ! Joel Hershman has created a real gem on a relatively tiny budget - $ 3 million - but there are no corners cut anywhere . The actors are beautifully cast , and create an entertaining ensemble effort . Clive Owen is , as all breathing females will soon attest , delicious to watch and David Kelly has all the frailty and humor that we saw in him in WAKING NED DEVINE . I am not generally a fan of Helen Mirren , but she was ideally cast here as a proper gardening British lady of a certain age . I was particularly impressed by Mr. Hershman 's screenwriting for this movie - very compact , very funny and on a number of occasions very touching without being maudlin . A very rewarding movie going experience in a summer otherwise characterized by mind-numbing violence , speed and foul language . I am looking forward to Mr. Hershman 's future work -
 The tradition of sweet , dopey , `` cute '' gangsters and prison inmates probably started with Damon Runyon way back in the 1920 's and culminated with the musical `` Guys and Dolls '' in the 40 's . The inhabitants of the prison in Joel Hershman 's `` Greenfingers '' are more like Runyon 's chracters than they are like those of the `` Lock , Stock and Smoking Barrels '' variety to be sure . `` Greenfingers '' is a slight , sweet trifle of a movie lucky enough to have Clive Owen -LRB- PBS ' `` Second Sight '' -RRB- and Helen Mirren -LRB- also PBS ' `` Prime Suspect '' -RRB- as it 's chief chracters . Both of these actors are , as usual , excellent and convincing in their roles . The plot revolves around a minimum security prison where a few of it 's inmates discover and nurture a love of gardening which ultimately leads them to enter a big time Horticultural event in England . The idea of gardening as a way of life and a national passion is foreign to us here in the USA but in England it is very real and very BIG . `` Greenfingers '' is full of good cheer and everyone involved seems to be having a great time . Who can object to that ?
 The first word that comes to mind when I think of this British film is `` lovely . '' It 's a wonderful comedy with a touch of drama and romance -- a perfectly lovely combination , if you ask me ... The story , which is based on true events , revolves around Colin -LRB- Clive Owen -RRB- , a prison inmate who 's transferred to an experimental prison called Edgefield . There , inmates live with more freedom . There are n't any high fences or armed guards . And each inmate gets to do a job that will give him the experience he needs to get hired once he 's released.Colin is a somewhat anti-social prisoner who wo n't talk to anyone -- not even his friendly old roommate , Fergus -LRB- David Kelly -RRB- . But when Fergus gives Colin a package of violet seeds for Christmas , everything starts to change . The violets bloom in the spring , and they give Colin his own personal calling . After the warden finds out about the violets , he appoints Colin and Fergus -LRB- along with three other inmates -RRB- to create a garden for the prison.Greenfingers is a light-hearted feel-good movie that 's guaranteed to put a smile on your face . It 's got the same light-but-potent humor as Waking Ned Divine -LRB- in which David Kelly played Michael O'Sullivan -RRB- -- and it 's absolutely perfect for winding down from a long week on a casual Friday night .
 This is one of those movies that audiences like and critics do n't . Despite lukewarm critical reviews , a large crowd was at the screening , and we all seemed to enjoy it.Greenfingers is funny , moving , and very well acted . Clive Owen gives a magnetic performance as a prisoner who becomes fascinated by gardening , and Hellen Mirren is great as the overbearing English grand dame of gardening . The jokes are wonderful , and the story of people trying to turn their lives around against difficult odds is quite touching.Those who equate sophistication with violence or cynicism will dislike Greenfingers , but if you liked the Full Monty and Billy Elliott , you 'll probably enjoy this charming British film too.R-rated films come in many degrees of violence , profanity , sexual explicitness , and so on . This is one of the milder R films I have seen .
 This is a movie I had never even heard of , but with my new found love of Clive Owen movies , I had to check this one out . I just loved it , and I enjoyed watching it a second time , and will probably enjoy it as much the third.It 's a sweet , albiet , mostly predictable movie , but I just do n't think there is anything wrong with that . I hope that with Clive Owen becomming even more well know that this little gem will get a second chance to be discovered . It 's in the model of so manyn other British comedies that come our way , and it 's a movie that will keep a smile on your face right through to the end credits . I think people should treat themselves to this sweet prize .
 According to the old saying there are only two sure things in life
 This is a great example of british acting and cinema . Clive is amazing as the prisoner that has a dark secret . He stumbles into gardening at a prison that tries to get the inmates ready for the outside life . It leads to self discover and finding a purpose in the lives of the inmates involve . They even get to enter into some very important contest . They learn by reading a famous gardening experts books , who later sponsors them into contests and exhibts and other work . Helen is also excellent and the supporting cast is awesome ! I f you love Clive this is a must see !
 I saw this movie at a preview screening in L.A. and I thought it was amazing ... . it was such a cute , original story and all the actors were great . Clive Owen -LRB- who was in Croupier last year -RRB- was especially good - he is going to be a big star . This is a movie for everyone who loved Saving Grace and Waking Ned Devine .
 Having read your previous reviews , I was struck by one glaring omission
 Rottentomatoes.com , netflix , and Amazon reviews have taught me something astonishing
 This is a very different role for him . Also stars Helen Miren as well . Great acting and it should be part of everyone 's library of movies !
 Great service , purchased at Amazon . DVD arrived within estimated time.Used product was as advertised . DVD had no bad areas per the cleanup they did . Just like new .
 I had seen this movie as a copy of a copy on VHS many years ago and always wanted to see it again . Was thrilled with the DVD - nice and clean print . Had a couple of friends over not interested in watching a `` jail movie '' but I arm wrestled them into just taking a look . All were surprised and happy with it . Very uplifting . How can you miss with Clive Owen and Helen Miren ? Even better than I remember it !
 Really humourous film . Some of the same actors from Guy Ritchie movies , Clive Owen and Helen Mirren . Definitly worth the money feel good movie about redemption . Some of the toughest rose gardens ever .
 I came across this movie and stuck with it simply because I like the actors , but was pleasantly surprised to find the plot to be quite charming as well . It 's apparently based on a true story , which makes it even better , because ... SPOILER there is a happy ending .
 This is not your typical Clive Owen movie , it is charming , not an action film . Based on a true story . It isa wonderful , little film ...
 Greenfingers is about a bunch of prisoners turned gardeners . As you might guess , it had the potential to become yet another cheesy , touchy-feely movie . Fortunately , thanks to some subtle script-writing , the final product is beautiful . The movie never goes too far in stereotyping any of the characters . Yes , there 's a `` big , bald prisoner who 's really a softie at heart '' character , but he never becomes `` ridiculous '' -LRB- well , maybe once or twice -RRB- . The movie works so well because of how the characters themselves describe their `` redemption . '' as realizing that they had the ability to create as well as take away life . I also thought the ending was quite clever , pulling on just the right emotional chords - although I wo n't spoil it here . Definitely recommended , especially if you need a little pick-me-up story .
 Hello : I recently received my order . I was eager to watch the movie . I Had never seen it before BUT it came to be that the movie was REGION I and I am in Guatemala , Central America -LRB- Region 4 -RRB- . The `` region information '' was not specified when I requested the item . I own a `` home theatre '' at home , but ended up watching the movie in my lap top . Too bad !
 I saw this movie and expected nothing from it.But I Loved IT !!! This was my first time seeing Clive Owen and he is still my # 1 crush !!! OMG his eyes are soooo dreamy lol dats the only way i can describe them and i never use those words.I 've seen Clive Owen in other films but none have topped his super natural acting in this movie . What makes this movie so terrific is def the non cheesy super sincere acting.Watch it !!!
 I 'm so grateful for Amazon 's list of providers for hard to find , out of `` Print '' DVD 's . There are so many wonderful films out there that are n't your typical action flick . Greenfingers is a funny , sweet little film but is no longer available new . It arrived in the condition described and promptly . Hail to Clive Owen & Helen Mirren !
 I watched this movie with my sister and we absolutely loved it . The next night I watched it with my husband and he loved it ! This little film has such heart . You are immediately drawn into the story with its well-written characters and lovely little story and beautiful countryside . I ca n't pick out which performances I liked best . Of course , Clive Owen is eye-catching , but I thought Adam Fogerty was perfectly cast as well . I recommend watching it at least twice to catch some of the nuances you may have missed . Lovely fluff .
 Green fingerstwo very big thumbs up for this perfect movie . It is very funny and ok for kids even though its rated r. it has a 5 second scene of nudity in a porno magazine but otherwise its not even bad . If you want a well done movie with funny acting this is your movie . Prisoners decide to try gardening and they go into this competition . ... It 's got romance too . People that hate British movies will hate this . It is a total British film . It is fun and cool otherwise .
 This is one GREAT film and a real surprise these days !!! It is a charming story-well acted and written ... the British countryside absolutely beautiful ... it may inspire you to hit your own garden more ... loved it so much when I rented it on VCR , I came here to snag a copy on DVD .
 I had no idea that I was renting such a wonderful film when I was in Blockbuster looking for something different from a lot of the normal junk out there . This movie was very well done in all aspects and totally enjoyable . Bravo !
 It was very sweet and funny . I think what I loved most about it -LRB- besides Clive Owen -RRB- is that it is based on a true story . It even had moments that made my boyfriend laugh out loud -LRB- rather rare for a chick flick -RRB- .
 Delightful film , particularly if you are a gardener . Tells the story of prisoners who design a garden for and enter one of the top British gardening shows at Hampton Court . Full of humor , compassion and with Clive Owen as the main prisoner , someone nice on the eye for us ladies ! Even my non-gardening husband enjoyed it.Based on a true story and having visited Chelsea the first year that they graduated to the top gardening show , I can tell you the real garden was gorgeous and created a lot of interest from visitors .
 More people should see this delightful movie . The storyline is a bit unusual keeping you interestedThroughout and cheering for everyone in the show . A true delight to watch !
 I have seen the film before and loved it . I wanted to find it to add it to my film collection . Despite its quirky quality ; it has so much heart . It will leave you feeling all things are possible . it is based on a true story of inmates who gain a passion for gardening and enter a competition at the Hampton Gardens Flower Exhibition .
 The film GREENFINGERS , is a ` classic ' which is comprised of several mini-stories each of which is complete & heart-tugging in it 's own right .
 What a brilliant movie , and to think that it was based on a true story . If you are a Clive Owen , Helen Mirren or a David Kelly -LRB- Waking Ned Devine and Fawlty Towers -RRB- then this is a movie for you .
 I highly recommend the Advanced training DVD Set ! They are shot at actual seminars and training sessions so they include live student questions , client responses , and instructor explanations . The instruction is of the highest quality and I am confident that these DVDs will be of great use to all styles of bodyworkers .
 SUCH A CUTE STORY WITH CATCHY MUSIC AND LYRICS -LRB- SOME ARE FUNNY -RRB- FRANKLIN FEELS A LITTLE JEALOUS THAT HIS FAMILY IS MAKING SUCH A BIG DEAL ABOUT A NEW BABY COMING IN THE SPRING . HIS FRIENDS ALSO TELL HIM WHAT A PAIN BROTHERS AND SISTERS CAN BE . BUT IN THE END , WHEN SHE 'S BORN , SHE LOOKS AT HIM , GIVES A FEW COO 'S AND HE FALLS IN LOVE WITH HIS BRAND NEW LITTLE BABY SISTER AND EVEN LANDS UP NAMING HER . MY KIDS DO N'T WATCH FRANKLIN FREQUENTLY , BUT THEY ARE DRAWN INTO THIS MOVIE WHEN IT 'S ON . THEY ALSO ENJOY SINGING ALONG WITH THE SONGS . IT 'S DEFINITLY WORTH ADDING TO YOUR CHILDS MOVIE COLLECTION -LRB- EVEN IF THEY 'RE NOT EXPECTING A SIBLING -RRB- .
 This is just another wonderful story in Franklin 's life . Our two boys just love watching this DVD . It 's complete and interesting to watch !! I would definitely recommend this if your child likes Franklin .
 This movie is just too cute for words . It has catchy tunes and you wo n't even mind watching it with your kids a million times each week . A definite `` must have '' !
 This DVD is pretty good and pretty long , and I like it a lot . Franklin has lots of friends I like , like Snail and Beaver . Franklin 's friends talk , and are human-like . Franklin follows the story of the Green Knight . He makes a sword out of paper . The Green Knight wants spring to come to his village , so he finds a cherry tree , and scatters the blossoms from the cherry tree all around town . Franklin did the same thing , then he found a crocus and a chirping bird . Then his baby sister came , and she was very small .
 would buy again ; it 's enough of an adventure but not too scary even for little ones ; franklin learns about life
 My daughter checked this movie out at our local library and instantly fell in love with it . She is a huge fan of Franklin the Turtle and loved the adventure that he takes in this movie .
 This is one of my sons favorite movies . It 's a pretty cute and keeps his attention . I diffidently recommend this to any Franklin fan : -RRB-
 With the approaching birth of our second son a year ago , we found this movie to be helpful in teaching our delayed son about patience for spring and excitement for his new little brother coming . Could n't have been played more appropriately if we 'd asked for it . The baby is now a year old and our now four-and-a-half year old `` asks '' him to be his squire while they search for spring .
 Well made video . My son loves this and will sit and watch it repeatedly . He will watch these Franklin DVDs but not cartoons on the TV . The are adventurous but not full of violence and bad attitudes . They teach children good values .
 I loved this DVD because it explains how an older little turtle adjusts to a new baby sister . Even though Franklin goes through the same emotions that any boy or girl would about being left out when his new baby sister comes , in the long run he 's happy to be the big brother . My grandson watches this DVD a lot and I plan on getting more DVD 's of Franklin just because he 's about worn this one out and I almost have it memorized ! LOL Lori , Lordsburg , NM
 My mom sent my daughter this video since she recently had a baby brother join our family and my mom thought our daughter would relate to this turtle . -LRB- In this video Franklin 's mother is pregnant with a second child and Franklin has to deal with his excitement , fears and jealousy about that , and there are other nice lessons to learn in the video via the Green Knight story , too . -RRB- I doubted very much that she would `` get '' the connection and I do n't know for sure whether she has or not , but this is now her number one favorite video , over the former standards Elmo and Bear in the Big Blue House ! It is long , but she loves it and pays attention to the entire thing every time . I love the smiles on her face and her little chuckles as the story progresses ; she truly loves the Franklin character . We 've had it less than a month and she has watched it at least 15 times -LRB- and I really limit her daily dose of TV ; she just picks this one everyday -RRB- . Right now I 'm shopping for another Franklin video because he is a sweet character and the video we have has a very nice and non-violent story , which is important to me . I do n't let my daughter watch most Disney stuff yet because I do n't want her to see fighting and other scary stuff yet ; life is tough enough for a 2 year old . Anyway , that 's my 2 cents .
 OK I am 12 and turning 13 next year , but I ca n't get the songs like Brothers And Sisters . The movie is good even for kids my age I think the series is ok but yet the movie is fantastic.So if you have a 10 -12 year old who knows?Maybe they 'll like it.Rent It that 's all I 'm saying .
 Our 2-year-old loves Franklin , but got a little bored with this because of the length -LRB- 75 minutes . -RRB- When you 're used to those bite-size 15-minute Franklin stories , this was a LONG one -- we has to stop it and continue later . However , it 's a cute story , and especially useful since we are expecting another child just like Franklin 's family , so we will use this tape as one way of preparing our son . It 's a little strange to see Franklin and gang doing song-and-dance , I have to admit . And I missed the toe-tapping `` Hey , it 's Franklin '' at the beginning !
 My 41/2 year old LOVES it . The first day he watched it 5 times . Not bad for an austic child who dose n't sit still . Not for the very young because of the length -LRB- 75 mins -RRB- Great songs and a wonderful message . For the older child who is going to be big brother or sister this is a great video to watch then talk about what it will be like to be that big brother/sister .
 Maybe not so much , but when your 3 year old is in love with Franklin , this movie is fantastic . And an adult can watch it without wanting to stab their eyes out . A very good Franklin movie and the songs will get stuck in your head . `` Wake up ! Spring where are you ? ''
 `` Franklin and the Green Knight '' is a top-notch production in so many ways . The story itself is very charming , captivating and enough to hold the interest of a wide variety of viewers . The music is well-done , from the feature 's vocal musical numbers to the excellently scored background music . The animation is bright and colorful and the characters are all well-suited to their roles . The DVD enhances all of this . One of the best special features is a `` making-of '' featurette , which includes interviews with Paulette Bourgeois -LRB- the author of the `` Franklin Books '' -RRB- , Noah Reid -LRB- voice of Franklin -RRB- , Kristen Bone -LRB- voice of Snail -RRB- and many other crew associated with the program . Also including is a `` music video '' feature which lets viewers quickly view any of the movie 's musical numbers . For those that have a DVD-Rom on their computer , there are also games .
 It is well done and tasteful , with a great storyline . My almost-five year old loves it ; and it does n't drive grown-ups crazy ! It 's excellent for families who have a baby on the way , but a great story with a favorite gang of characters no matter what . It 's not all about baby , either ; the story takes the lead so they 're not beating the viewer over the head with baby-baby-baby .
 Kids will love this Franklin movie !!! My neighbor is expecting a baby and is concerned with how her 6-year-old son will handle this situation . He was already a big fan of the TV show so I gave him this video and now he 's excited about the new baby . He even wants to name the baby after the one in the video ! This Franklin movie also includes many catchy songs that kids will just love , so I 'm hoping they 'll release a soundtrack . If the children you know love any of the Franklin shows , videos , or books , I definitely recommend getting this video . Both parents and kids are sure to approve !
 My nearly-three year old daughter loves every episode of Franklin she has ever seen and this DVD is no exception . The Franklin series promotes great values which little minds can easily grasp and the simple animation does not overload a toddler 's senses . Franklin , Bear and their various friends are endearing -LRB- and hopefully enduring -RRB- .
 I thought he would n't sit still long enough to watch it , I was wrong . After months of blues clues videos that I thought would never end , he ended up loving this movie . Watches it almost every day and I can watch it with him every day too . As an adult I really do n't grow tired of it . The voices are done very well , the songs are fun to sing along to and my toddler gets excited as the plot thickens ! We had never seen the t.v. shows so it was especially nice to be able to watch the 30 minute shows with him during the day.Hope you enjoy it as much as we have ...
 I 've watched two made-for-TV versions of this story and both have strengths and weaknesses , but I prefer this one over the 1991 ITC production . Pluses ? The cinematography was better , the emotional tone of the intense scenes was more believable -LRB- with the exception of the demonic Therese Defarge -RRB- and it is more faithful to the novel -LRB- also longer -RRB- . Negatives ? The sound quality varied considerably and even though the French accents were more authentic , it was sometimes difficult to understand . The actress who played Mme Defarge went over the top in her zeal to portray Therese , but that might have been intentional . Mme D is a crazed character in the story , so maybe it fits ... For teachers , I 've prepared an intro and comprehension packet that would help when showing only the movie without reading Dicken 's lengthy and sometimes difficult novel .
 A classic novel can have strong characters , elegant English , deep philosophy , a good historical setting , engaging dialogue or a gripping plot . A Tale of Two Cities has all six , and has them in abundance ! It 's the 19th century 's `` cr&egrave;me de la cr&egrave;me '' and suffers few rivals . It is a far , far better novel than any I 've ever read . For this reason , no screen adaptation will ever do justice to the original words as set on paper or narrated on CD.That said , Arthur Hopcraft & Philippe Monnier have done an outstanding job . France 's history has always held a fascination for me personally . By the age of 21 , I 'd TWICE spent Bastille Day in France . Even back home in Ireland I vividly recall July 1989 when `` Revolution Fever '' was in the air . What excellent timing to coincide this film 's release with the bi-centenary of the storming of the Bastille ! Among the acclaimed cast is the irreplaceable John Mills . Having stolen the show as Pip in the 1945 `` Great Expectations '' , he turns up 44 years later only to excel himself again - this time as the learned banker Jarvis Laurie . Other lead roles are played by Xavier Deluc -LRB- Charles Darnay -RRB- , James Wilby -LRB- Sydney Carton -RRB- , Serena Gordon -LRB- Lucie Manette -RRB- , Jean-Pierre Aumont -LRB- Alex Manette -RRB- and Kathie Kriegel -LRB- Therese Defarge -RRB- . So bake a little garlic bread , crack open your best Rhone Valley Shiraz , then put your feet up for three-and-a-half hours of sheer entertainment pleasure . It 's impossible to over-recommend this movie .
 Set amidst the turmoil of the corrupt governments of England and France , this story begins -LRB- after a flashback -RRB- in 1775 with the release of Alexandre Manette who has unjustly been in prison for the past eighteen years . He is reunited with his eighteen-year-old daughter , Lucie Manette , who believed herself an orphan . Though Monsieur Manette gladly adjusts to leading a normal life again , he is haunted by the thought of something he can not clearly remember.Charles Darnay is a French heir to much wealth , which he does not claim , due to the means by which it was acquired . Rather , he has chosen to earn his living by teaching , and in kindnesses to others , attempt to repair the wrongs incurred by his family . In one such instance of kindness , he meets the Manettes ; their acquaintance grows into friendship throughout further meetings . Darnay 's renunciation of wealth and position in France , donning a false name in England , and traffic between the two countries , cause each country to either dislike him or suspect him of treason . All of these things lead to tenuous situations for Charles Darnay.Sidney Carton is a barrister of England , who , though very bright , is in general , bored with life . He is envious of Mr. Darnay because he holds the affection of the beautiful Miss Lucie Manette . Can he reconcile his love for Miss Manette , and his dislike of Mr. Darnay?Aside from the characters already mentioned , A Tale of Two Cities contains wine shop keepers who lust for revenge on their French oppressors , a messenger for a bank who robs graves at night , Lucie Manette 's opinionated , but faithful servant and friend , and various other characters , all intricate to Charles Dickens.Although this is a story about people , it is also a tale of two cities , London and Paris , before and during the French revolution . It is a tale of loss and of gain , of violence and of peace , of revenge and of love . Perhaps it is best described by the opening words of the book it was based on
 This is by far THE BEST rendition of this beautiful story . First of all , the actors who portray Sidney and Charles are completely believable . It is a faithful portrayal of the book as Dickens wrote it . Second , the actors who portray Sidney and Charles are the FINEST portrayals of these characters . The French Charles Darnay , Dr. Monet and the Defarges are really French actors -LRB- wow , what a concept -RRB- . The actor who portrays Sidney is a tortured soul who loves Lucy so much it hurts . Furthermore , unlike other movie and made-for-TV versions of the story , the actors who play them are DIFFERENT people , as Dickens had intended them to be . The two are NOT supposed to be the same person , as is portrayed by those who do n't understand the story . They 're not related !!! They 're supposed to just LOOK SIMILAR , be of SIMILAR build and hair color , which is why Dickens ' story works so well . NOBODY - not Lucy , or anyone else who met the two of them , would ever have been STUPID enough to be fooled by anything else . I am a History teacher and have showed both versions to my students . The Chris Sarandon version , which is just AWFUL , put them to sleep , but the Masterpiece Theater version kept them enthralled . I highly recommend it !!!
 we really enjoy this dvd and each time we watch we pick up something new , it was a replacement , and we are glad we reordered it
 This is a film I watched years ago in school as we were reading the novel . It has remained in my memories for over 15 years . When I found it on Amazon , I had to have it . The story is of extreme pain and extreme love . How far will the extremes go ? how deep are the wounds of pain and how deep is the love that one man has for a woman he knows he can never have ? how far will he go for her ? this movie is very deep and emotional , one of the best Dicken 's stories . This is a beautiful story , with beautiful actors and it is worth every minute .
 After reading the book , I did n't want to be disappointed by the movie version and soon found myself reaquanting myself with all the characters . I was entertained and enjoyed every moment of the screen epic .
 This is an Excellent Film Version of a Terrific Book . So I was VERY pleased that it arrived quickly & in perfect Condition . Thanks , Amazon !! : -RRB-
 I enjoyed this movie because it stuck very closely to what I remember of the book . It is definitely something I can show to young folks since it left a lot of the gore to the imagination .
 I was skeptical about an older movie with a cast of unknowns , but by the end of movie I loved every character . The actors in this movie are wonderful . And a great love story .
 Overview : Film certainly contains more scenes than the 1980 adaptation -LRB- ex
 This film version of A Tale of Two Cities is a masterpiece -- it faithful adapts Dickens ' classic novel while holding out as a worthwhile movie in its own right through incredible performances from its lead actors . The plot of the novel has not been touched -- in filming Dickens ' most tightly-plotted novel , a good decision . The acting is uncommonly good . Sydney Carton is fabulously done ; James Wilby is to be commended for a wonderful and nuanced performance . I also found Madame Defarge particularly well-done ; the actress playing her is SCARY ! Considering Mme. Defarge 's character in the book , I think her almost insane bitterness and sharp purpose is well-portrayed . A couple of unique things about this film include its use of French actors to play French characters and British actors to play British characters . No contrived accents , and people actually look their nationality -- both important in such a highly political story . I also strongly support the decision to have Carton and Darnay played by different people ; yes , they 're supposed to look alike , but not identical . And having different actors play them facilitates the portrayal of their very contrasted characters.I am admittedly coming from the perspective of one who read and loved the book years before seeing the movie ; I ca n't judge what this film would be like to someone who has never read the novel . But I found it an accurate and sensitive adaptation of the book I know and love , and I imagine that the beauty of the story would appeal just as easily to someone experiencing the story for the first time .
 Never have the noble humanities and horrible dehumanization been revealed to such extremes as in Dickens ' `` A Tale Of Two Cities '' . Just exactly to what extreme the human hatred could go , just exactly to what extreme the human love could go , and just exactly to what extreme the human sacrifice could go , you will get answers from this novel.It tells ineffably touching stories of love and sacrifice , striking stories of hatred and revenge , in the turmoil of French Revolution . This was the time that hunger would drive poor people to sip the wine spilled on the street stones , this was the time that an innocent man -LRB- Dr. Manette , Lucie 's father -RRB- was imprisoned in the Bastille for eighteen years not for any crimes but for saving people 's lives , this was the time that conscience made a noble person -LRB- Charles Darnay -RRB- to relinquish his aristocratic title and pursue life of simplicity and dignity , this was the time that a gentleman -LRB- Charles Darnay -RRB- would take the risk his own life to save the life of his servant , and this was the time that a young man -LRB- Sydney Carton -RRB- would take another man 's place on the guillotine and realize his promise to his beloved -LRB- Lucie -RRB- , to whom he treasured as `` the last dream of my soul '' ... This Masterpiece Theatre miniseries did a fairly good job in crafting the stories , although less successfully in bringing out the grandeur of the Revolution . But thanks to the wonderful actors and actresses , their brilliant acting has , to some extent , made up the weaknesses . Sydney Carton is a fascinating character . Young actor James Wilby has excellently sustained Carton 's emotional complexities
 First let me say that i have n't read the book , so I do n't know if this adaptation is acurate to the Dickens 's classic book ; I wo n't go into that.Let me just say that i found this miniseries wonderful.It does have great acting , -LRB- handosme James Wilby as Sydney Carton-he 's in Altman 's Gosford Park ; the Oscar-winning John Mills as Jarvis Lorry ; Jean-Pierre Aumont as Dr. Manette , and on . . -RRB- , the costumes , the beautiful music score.The ending left me in tears.I disagree with some reviewers that are saying that this movie is boring.It is not , but if you do n't have enough patience and/or only watch action flicks , you wo n't like this .
 This is a Masterpiece Theatre adaptation of Dicken 's famous work . The casting is superb and Sidney Carton is particularly well-played ... Well , spectacular actually . Jerry Cruncher , Madame Dufarge , Miss Pross and Mr. Lowry all come wonderfully to life in this five hanky tear jerker that will have you cheering in the end . An excellent screen version of an already wonderful story .
 Within my admittedly limited experience , Masterpiece Theater dramatizations of great books are well produced and faithful to the original . This is no exception.Well , Dickens 's famous opening lines , `` It was the best of times . It was the worst of times , '' etc. do not come at the beginning of the production but are inserted into a monologue by Sydney Carton shortly after the start of the second DVD . Otherwise , the plot , details , and characters seem much the same as I remember from when I last read the book several years ago.My wife and I bought this set to help a young friend who is close to graduating from high school at a public school and therefore has problems with reading comprehension . We are well satisfied that she can watch this , then read , and perhaps profit in several ways.Anyone looking for dazzling FX and computer-generated panoramics will be disappointed . This was made on a budget for television in 1989 . Otherwise , it is a capable -- sometimes very good -- and certainly a moving production . I think Dickens would have approved .
 I had to watch this video in class when we were studing the French Revolution . I liked the movie so much , I decided to bet a copy of the book . I just love this version of the story . I highly recomend it for those who have an interest in the French Revolution time period and for helping your class learn about it .
 After enjoying this DVD set , I was inspired to read the book , which I had not done since high school . As I read , I compared the scenes in the book and the movie . This production sticks more closely to the book than any other movie/mini-series based on a book that I have ever scene . Of course , they could not fit the entire book into the time alloted , but they missed very , very little . Generally speaking , the scenes from the book were in the movie , but they were abbreviated with less detail and shortened dialogue . What 's missing ? The movie never makes the connection between Miss. . Pross and Barsad , wich is n't very important . I missed seeing Little Lucie 's attachment to Sydney Carton , which could have been slipped in quickly and easily . The only additions to the story not found in the book were done to explain things to the viewer . One character would explain something to another character which Dickens related to the reader in his narration . The movie did show Sydney Carton outside the church in distress while Darnay married Lucie . This was a nice touch ; Dickens should have thought of this . Much of the dialogue comes straight out of the book.Many of the actors do a superb job . James Wilby portrays Sydney Carton to perfection . In order to fully appreciate his performance one has to be familiar with his performances in other movies to see how he has altered himself for this role . More than just his hair color was changed . His voice is different , his posture slouches , he walks ploddingly . It 's just amazing to see this normally elegant actor turn himself into a frumpy mess . John Mills is 100 % perfect as Jarvis Lorry . He is completely convincing right down to his bad wig . The casting of characters like Monsieur DeFarge , Miss. . Pross , Barsad , the little seamstress , Jerry Cruncher , the woodcutter , etc. are just right . Even the exras in crowd scenes have the right look . The citizens of London look British , and the extras in the Paris mob scenes look French.It 's a complicated story , so the viewer must pay attention , particularly a viewer who is unfamiliar with the book , but it 's a great and moving story . Every time I watch it I want to tell Sydney Carton not to do it . He 's one of the greatest characters in English literature , and he 's brought to life in this production .
 I once saw the VHS version -LRB- 2 cassettes -RRB- of this and thought it was exceptional . I have also read the book . Of course a 4 hour show can not have as much detail as the book but I think it did a good job covering the main items.I have bought the DVD and look forward to watching it .
 @ great Movies of the Odd Genre.Dr Giggles id a Blast , comedy Horror early 90 's style.Otis is crazy on a great level . Just sit back enjoy.Low price and Image is upgraded from DVD version . Well worth time and $ Blu-Ray quality DVD price
 i was looking for the movie otis only , but i got also the dr. giggles for the same price great !
 In the middle of this fine documentary is a series of film , shot in black and white , and taken through the front window of an old vehicle as it bounces along a lonely country road in the dark of the night . One can almost get vertigo , as the camera bounces up and down the ill kept roads , the only illumination is from the thin , twin beams of the antiquated headlights . There is no background music to this scene , only the grinding and surging of the vehicles ' motor . Here a sharp turn , there a wall , a lonely tree , another twist in the road , this goes on for what seems to be a long time but in reality this segment of the movie probably only takes 90 seconds of film time at the most . The footage ends abruptly , with the sound of vehicle brakes , a jolt of the camera , and the headlights glaring , in silence , on four , bare , cement steps that lead to what you know is more than likely death.The imagery of the scene just mentioned is a metaphor for a life journey . The last few months of the life of Deitrich Bonhoeffer in particular . The movie then goes on to further illuminate Deitrich Bonhoeffer 's journey , using interviews with friends and family to flesh out his works and theology . This is a powerful and memorable film that every college student , in every industrialized country should be required to see . College students are typically idealistic and passionate enough to make a difference in the world . The message in this movie , of being human , yet making a difference in the world , accepting self-sacrifice to become a living example of Christ 's teaching , is extremely inspiring . If even just one person who watches this movie can be moved to action
 the VHS tape was as promised and works well and it arrived within the time promised .
 Gore Vidal 's Lincoln is about as good as anything I 've seen on `` Lincoln the Man . '' And it almost captures Mary Todd Lincoln as well , almost but not quite . Highly recommended for those who wish to see a portrait of the domestic and political Lincoln .
 all is well hs shhs shns hs sh shshhs shshs shhskwslkslls soiosllss ssossloss sjjs sagsdid kxlkxkkxkx xkxlxkx xkxkx x xkx
 Have just finished Part 1 and nothing has changed in Politics from Lincoln until now . It makes you enlightened as to how things are Politically done . No one was more knowledgeable than Gore Vidal on any subject that he spoke about.The quality of the picture as well as the sound is not first rate and there are no subtitles but it is a wonderful movie so far and I will watch it again and turn the sound up louderI gave it a 5 Star for content not for the visual or audio . .
 I just love this drama . Zai Zai is great as always and the story is very entertaining . All the characters stand out . One of the best endings I have every seen . I recommend this highly .
 Vic does it again . So far it just seems like he ca n't make a bad film . And this time he is playing with a real cutie . At first I did n't think so -- I thought she was almost pretty . But as the film goes on , you see why she is known for her beauty . She is Jay Chou 's ex , and easy to see what he saw in her.She is the student of a master chef who yells in the kitchen -LRB- Ala Gordon Ramsey -RRB- , and bullies her , but she hangs in there , no matter what . In fact , this drama helped me understand Gordon ! Since I have worked in restaurant kitchens and loved it , I loved this -- they must have hired a real chef to advise , because the things they say about food are right on target not just made-up dialog for the film!The story is non-stop good , no boring parts , and a heartstring tugger , with a very nice sound track . I had to give this five stars , wish I could give it more.The more I watch , as in all asian films , the more I see that I missed-it just gets better and better .
 Dr. Kent Hovind clearly wins thedebate . ALSO
 This has always been my favorite film in my favorite film series . And I agree with the other reviews here that the Brentwood DVD boasts a nice crisp print , courtesy of the UCLA Film Archives . However , there is one inexplicable mistake in the video transfer . Movies such as this that predate widescreen format generally fit neatly into a standard TV picture frame with only minimal clipping on all sides . But `` letterboxing '' is not just for wide-screen movies . In the better DVD and video versions of pre-widescreen movies the opening credits are often letterboxed on all four sides so that the viewer can see the entire frame without the names being clipped off at the beginning or end -LRB- hence the word `` letterbox '' -RRB- . Such is the case with this version of Road to Rio . There is a 4-sided letterbox around the opening credits , but the frame of the film is not adjusted to fit inside the letterbox ! So instead of allowing us to see the entire frame , the letterboxing here actually masks a large portion of the picture . -LRB- This is really unfortunate because the opening credits are quite clever , with the names of the stars literally dancing along a cartoonish painting of the Copacabanna beach to the tune of `` Brazil . '' -RRB- As you watch the credits you will notice the clumsy pan-and-scan as the frame is consciously maneuvered within the letterbox to follow the shifting position of names and credits . This of course , defeats the whole purpose of letterboxing , and begs the question , `` What were these people thinking ? '' They obviously knew the picture did not fit the letterbox!The reason this is so annoying is that Director Norman Z. McLeod -LRB- perhaps the most accomplished comedy director of the entire `` Road '' series -RRB- was a cartoonist and drew a series of amusing little stick-figure caricatures of the cast and crew that appear in the lower right hand corner of Road to Rio 's opening credits . This was a trademark of McLeod 's ; he did this in some of his earlier comedies as well . Unfortunately the ham-fisted letterboxing almost completely obscures these drawings . I know this sounds like a minor complaint , but Rio 's opening titles are the best in the series and really set the tone for the whole movie . Someone really had to go out of their way to mess up an otherwise excellent presentation of this film . An earlier VHS version of Road to Rio released by Columbia Home Video managed to letterbox the opening credits properly.It 's a shame that Road to Rio and Road to Bali are not owned by Universal -LRB- which owns all of Paramount 's pre-1948 releases including the first four `` Road '' films -RRB- . Universal 's `` Road '' DVDs are technically beautiful . If Rio and Bali could have been part of Universal 's DVD set , fans would 've been very fortunate . Alas Rio and Bali are owned by Bob Hope Enterprises . As is often the case with older films whose copyrights are not held by major studios with the resources to do them justice , these two great films -LRB- as well as several other Hope classics owned by Hope Enterprises -RRB- have had a very inconsistent existence on home video.May 2003 marks not only the 100th birthday of the great Mr. Hope , but Bing Crosby would also have been 100 years old this month ! -LRB- Bing was 27 days older than Bob -RRB- . Even with the letterboxing glitch , this DVD of Road to Rio is a wonderful way to celebrate the centennial of one of Hollywood 's greatest comedy teams . Happy Birthday , Bob !
 The `` road '' series are tremendous fun . Despite having seen these movies many times over we still enjoy them each and every time that we watch them . My wife and I have introduced these classics to our children who have become avid fans of Bob Hope , Bing Crosby and Dorothy Lamour . When you think of Bob Hope you naturally think of the ROAD series . This is comedy that you can share with your family without fear inappropriate content . Enjoy !!
 Hi ! I am a 14 year old girl , who has been introduced to the Road to Series by my parents since I was a little girl . I find it hard to believe that Bing and Bob 's work can be so funny . Road to Rio had to be one of my most favorite episodes because there is just one slap stick commedy after another ! I am not makeing this up ! As much as I like Leonardo DiCaprio and Freddie Prinze , Jr. . Nothing they make can come as close and funny to this ! It is honestly worh your money !
 Every great film has a repeating line , and Road to Rio has that one . It 's always been one of my favorites - if not THE favorite - of the road pictures , but maybe the lustre has worn off . Still , `` I hate you . I loathe you . I despise you '' is a long-time family joke , and this film , if it grabs you at the right moment , is a gem . The musical numbers , as usual , are terrific , and there are so many throw-away lines and sight gags that this `` road '' is one that should be traveled .
 Well , the movie is wonderful . It 's hilarious and charming , with Hollywood Oomph boy adding a scene . FUNNY!Always Crosby and Hope share their wity banter.If you want a taste : They 're insulting each other , of course . `` Swine '' - Crosby `` Pig '' - Hope `` swine means pig '' - Crosby `` fine , ham . '' - HopeIt 's just all around witty and charming.The only defect of the video is the sound quality , it 's muffled and I can scarecly make out what they 're saying at times . I was continuously straining to hear they 're witty banter.The movie itself is well worth having . Although I recommend you go with a DVD version , if you want to really hear and crack up at their constant inults.Otherwise GREAAAAAAAAAAT !
 Bob Hope and Bing Crosby ushered in 1947 's `` Road to Rio '' with zany wit , plenty of style , and the Andrew Sisters . On the run from the law , musicians Bob and Bing escape from a burning carnival , stow away on an ocean liner , and get shot at in Oklahoma . And that 's just the first half-hour . `` Road to Rio '' is perhaps as comedic and stunning as their earlier `` Road to Morocco '' . Though not as funny as `` My Favorite Brunette -LRB- a Hope-financed production -RRB- '' , `` Road to Rio '' is a solid No. 5 entry in the series of 7 Road Pictures . The film 's pace does suffer from phlegmatic Dorothy Lamour ; perfectly cast as a semi-hypnotic coquette . However , the real currency of `` Road to Rio '' is a stellar cast , including Gale Sondergaard , Frank Faylen , Ray Teal , Charles Middleton , future horror star Tor Johnson , and the hilarious Jerry Colonna . Former shoe salesman and failed Broadway actor Bob Hope finally hit it big with his first Hollywood movie in 1938 . In the 1940 's , he was raking in the dough , and buying up San Fernando Valley . He started a 40-year TV career at NBC in 1960 . Thanks to too much Southern California real-estate , Hope retired to a cathedral-castle in the hills over-looking Palm Springs . Invested in race horses and Minute-Maid , millionaire Bing Crosby died in 1977 -LRB- the same year as Elvis -RRB- while walking on the golf course . This brand new DVD features a meager 8 chapters and a Bob Hope bio . The opening pan-and-scan titles are adjusted for the TV screen . And sound volume drops off intermittently to reduce noise and rumble . Otherwise , UCLA Archives has beautifully and digitally restored this American cinema icon . Despite troubling health issues , Bob Hope can reach the age of 100 in 2003 . We do n't know how long he will survive . But we do know that a valuable compendium of classic comedic performances are forever recorded , now and for our ancestors . Lucky us .
 Crazy Bing Crosby and Bob Hope in another of their `` Road To -- `` movies . It is a fun movie
 Bing had so many great songs . The performance of `` You Do n't Have To Know The Language '' with the Andrew Sisters is mesmerizing .
 `` Road to Rio '' , along with 1942 's `` Road to Morocco '' , are considered the apex of the Crosby/Hope `` Road '' series , and for good reason ; the music , comedy , and general silliness mesh perfectly ... and for my money , `` Rio '' is TOPS!The songs are first-rate , from the opening `` Apalachicola , FLA '' -LRB- with it 's ` caboose ' finale -RRB- , to a wonderful Bing ballad , `` But Beautiful '' , to a show-stopper with the Andrews Sisters , `` You Do n't Have to Know the Language '' , to a nearly risqu&eacute; `` Experience '' from Dorothy Lamour ... the comic routines feature Bing and Bob at their best , from a homage to the Marxes ' barbershop routine from `` Monkey Business '' , to a hypnotized ` duel ' -LRB- `` I hate you , I loathe you , I despise you ... '' -RRB- , to a silly finale dance number -LRB- with Bob in drag , of course -RRB- ... and the one-liners are hilarious -LRB- Lamour
 Considering that The Road to Rio was the fifth in the series , that the formula was down pat , that the plot , as usual , was merely an excuse for spontaneous and not-so-spontaneous bantering by the two stars , that the money-to-effort ratio was by now very satisfying to nearly all concerned , and that Bing Crosby and Bob Hope , both at 44 , were quickly reaching the point where their age was working against their image of happy-go-lucky , sex-on-their-minds , slightly dumb but well-intentioned good guys ... well , this is one of the best in the series . There 's no single thing that sets it apart . If we 've watched even one other in the series , we know what 's going to happen , like having a funny , loved uncle come to visit . I think that in The Road to Rio , the formula had reached a high gloss . The `` spontaneity '' of the back and forth between Hope and Crosby is quick , funny and friendly . The professionalism may be there , but it looks like they 're still having fun making these movies . The jokes are corny and expected , as they were back in 1947 , but Hope and Crosby give them a level of snap and comfort that make us smile . Their roles , Bing Crosby as Scat Sweeney , singer and slightly moth-eaten bon vivant , and Bob Hope as Hot Lips Barton , slow-witted but wise-cracking boy-man , are as comfortable to them and us as a pair of old slippers . They work their images both in the plot and in real life for every laugh they can squeeze . Says Scat Sweeney -LRB- Crosby -RRB- to Hot Lips Barton -LRB- Hope -RRB- , `` Swine ! '' Barton
 A really good , fun , mostly clean , movie . The Andrews Sisters were awesome!Can ' t relay just how good the film really is . It just is .
 For any fan of The Road Shows this is a must for your collection ! Very good .
 my favorite of all the road movies - replete with outrageous comedy , ad libs and great musical numbers , not to mention Dorthy Lamour , Gale Sondergaard , Jerry Colonna , the Andrews Sisters and the Weir Bros. . Bob 's romancing Dorothy to `` moonlight Becomes You '' is a cinema treasure ! `` Rio '' outshines all it 's predecessors and the last two - `` Bali '' and `` Hong Kong '' -LRB- which was painful -RRB- . A definite treat !
 they still have there better then most comdey movies now , there humar never get old , love it
 I just watched this movie this past weekend along with one of the other `` Road '' movies , The Road to Bali , and I can say I am buying the other movies in this series.The comedy in these movies is so great , if you catch it , both Bob Hope and Bing Crosby make side comments to the audience and also poke fun at current polital events and the movie industry . Surprisingly , These two were full of `` bawdy '' humor-I did n't think they could get away with that the time period they were made in!There is also one scene in Road to Rio when Bob and Bing are being hypnotized and I had to go back and watch Bob Hope 's say . . '' ... to the death '' just to see his facial expression-It is priceless!Go buy these If you appreciate quick-witted , clever comedy !
 If you are adding this Hope/Crosby/Lamour road flick to your film library , this particular edition -LRB- Brentwood Communications -RRB- is great - with both the picture quality and sound top notch . Hats off to the remastering folks on this one . Not much in the way of extras but hey , you are really just interested in the flick , right ?! . Enjoy this one !!
 A great gift for someone who is a huge fan of the road pictures . This is the last one we have yet to see and I am sure it will be great .
 I had all the movies in this &#34; road &#34; series that spanned 20 years , except Road to Rio . So glad to have found the DVD version as I only had the VHS one and it was worn out . Love Hope and Crosby and Lamour in all their road movies and will share them with all my friends .
 I have all seven Road pictures and find them very enjoyable . Sure they are dated by today 's standards but humor does not have to be crass or graphic .
 Got the VHS tape well before the time they said it would arrive . Arrived in good shape . Amazon did great job with the order , and I will certainly be a future cuatomer
 Not among the best of the road pictures , but still good . It seemed slightly contrived and not as spontaneous as the earlier ones .
 A good clean movie for the whole family.Bob and Bing are a classic pair.Good turnaround time from order placed and received .
 He lived a very long life and gave tremendously to America and the World . In this we hope people can remember happier times by watching this video .
 I love all of the road pictures except for Road to Hong Kong . -LRB- Which I believe a lot of people would say the same . -RRB- However , the Road to Rio is just as hilarious as the others . If you need to do some good laughing , this is the movie to see . There is one particular scene -LRB- towards the end -RRB- in which Bing and Bob do a dance together , Bob playing the part of a woman . It is so funny , your sides will hurt by the time it 's over . Do n't miss this one , it 's a classic !
 The Brentwood Bob Hope DVD 's have sharp picture quality and clear sound . This is surprising considering the price . This entry is another top title to add to your collection .
 Love this CD/DVD from Jeff Healey !!!!!! I miss his music and this just keeps all the memories going.If you are a fan of Jeff Healey you should buy this .
 This is a really interesting and well-shot , visually-speaking , period film describing the trials , tribulations and triumphs of William Tyndale , translator of the Holy Scriptures into the English tongue . The movie shows Tyndale as one dedicated to spreading the message of the Bible and the people who supported him in his endeavour - often at the risk of their own lives . I have watched this film 4 times in various bible study groups and have purchased my own copy - I really think that it 's worth the cost of the purchase price . With this , I also recommend the movie - JOHN HUS - as an accompaning Reformation resource .
 God 's Outlaw is an enthralling true history of one man who eluded the forces of King Henry VIII who ordered his capture while translating the Bible into English . As the escapee , William Tyndale had just the goal of publication of his English translations of the Bible , his home county forbade translations to English of even prayers . Highly recommended to Christians of all practices and to any seeking an understanding of the whole story behind `` the father of the English Bible '' , William Tyndale .
 I watched this movie yesterday . um ... wow . Weirdest thing ever . It should be rated R . There is only one word in the entire video and it 's `` Help '' . Personally , I think this movie was made by a very bored animator who was not doing what he was supposed to and was in the middle of a phsycotic breakdown.Yup.Buy this movie.It is worth your 85 cents .
 Truely amazing , wow this guy is a true visionary . These 3/D anaimations are rich and layered with weirdness in the very best possible way . Better than any Minds eye I 've seen and there are three DVD 's in the series by Beny T.http : / / 3dzoe . com/trilogy / `` The division between Art , Music and Science are not real in themselves . They are created by man . Words create the illusion of division and separation forming a dualistic dimension . All comes from the same source . To create is the point and to be creative is to be in touch with this source ... The moment of creation is all that matters because it is timeless . Words are like walls in the brain . My goal is to go beyond the labyrinth of words and explanations and to share the insights that come from those moments , to express the inexpressible ... `` Beny TchaicovskyOnce you see this wonderfull DVD you 'll understand he 's really means what he says !! . I would rocomend this to anyone with eyes .
 The only thing better than season two is season three ... And they only keep getting better from there ... &#34; HEY NOWWWW ... !!! &#34;
 I am a huge fan of `` The Larry Sanders '' show , and I hope they keep issuing individual seasons on DVD . I have not wanted to break the bank by buying the complete series set , so I have eagerly snapped up each individual season as it is released . The series really stands the test of time . I have watched every episode several times over . Great special features on the DVDs too .
 One of HBO 's best series . Very funny . Great performances from some of the best in the business . Witty and fun .
 I BOUGHT THIS THE VERY MINUTE THE STORE COULD SELL IT.I KNEW THIS SECOND INSTALLMENT OF TRIUMPHS 3 DVDS , THAT ARE BEING RELEASED WITH-IN 24 MONTHS WOULD BE A SMASH HIT.ALL I CAN SAY IS THIS DVD IS EXCELLENT IN EVERY DETAIL -LRB- VIDEO-AUDIO-VISUAL LIGHT SHOW -LRB- ... -RRB- . ITS TO BAD THEY DIDNT HAVE DVD TECHNOLGY BACK IN THE HAYDAY OF THESE BANDS , BUT THANK GOD THEY DO NOW , SO I CAN RELISH BACK TO THE DAYS WHEN ROCK&ROLL WAS GREAT AND THE MUSICIANS HAD REAL TALENT . -LRB- ... -RRB- THANKS RIK-GIL & MIKE FOR GREAT HISTORY LESSON.CANT WAIT UNTIL THE NEXT ONE !!!!!!
 This is a great show . You can read the technical stuff about it to find out when , where , etc. . Someone mentioned that Gil Moore 's drum solo showed that he could hold his own against Neil Peart ... WHAT ??? Gil Moore is a very nice guy and was sufficient for the music he played in Triumph but his drum solos always sucked . I felt embarrassed for him every time I saw one coming because he was never good enough to do one that was worth anything.Drum solo aside , this show is worth every penny - these guys had a brilliant stage show , and I really miss them a lot .
 Having always been a fan of Triumph , I was on You Tube one day just wasting time looking for old rock live performace videos and found one of Triumph . As I was looking at the description of the video , I noticed it credited it as being from this DVD . I immediately got on Amazon and found it ! The quality of playing on this DVD is exceptional in my opinion , as I had viewed others where I did n't think the quality of sound or the chops being played were as solid as this one -LRB- in their defense it 's live rock and roll and it ai n't easy to knock off perfection EVERY night ... I play also , although not even close to Rik Emmett !! -RRB- . I see some comments about the clothes etc. , relating to the time -LRB- 80 's -RRB- , but find it hard to criticize them for it ... it WAS the 80 's you know . Plus , to me , good music transcends the visual and subrogates to the quality of musical performace and quality of material -LRB- songs -RRB- being performed . With some of the crappy styles of clothing and hairstyles there are today , I would welcome a resururrection of some of the older styles , and that includes music as well . I liked this very much and recommend it to any Triumph fan .
 Having seen the band on every tour they did , from Rock n Roll machine in 1978 to the Sport of Kings that is captured on this DVD , I always wanted -LRB- needed -RRB- a visual to complete the Triumph catalog . This DVD does just that . I found some of the trivial gripes , just that . Choice of wardrobe ?? come on , it was 1987 , when didnt Emmett wear those striped spandex ? I never went to a Triumph show to see what Rik was wearing . A Triumph show was an experience , way ahead of the game with the lasers , flashpots and showmanship . This reminds me that concerts used to be great fun .
 for the price is a good addition to collection . prefer better visual quality , sound was decent . would like to see an hi def release of this .
 Outstanding DVD , especially the Information on Rik Emmett , just like being at the show !! And what a show this is !!
 Exceptional music and video work , costumes are dated and mullets are a hoot ... enjoy with a beer and your air guitar !
 This DVD is great except for one thing . At times the sound is out of sync with the picture . The picture is great the sound is great , the songs are great and well played . Other than the sync issue it 's definetly worth adding to your collection . I guess we will never see this band play together again ? While we wait and wonder this will do nicely . Also get the Us Festival and the King Biscuit Flower Hour CD .
 Dont pay any attention to the unfavorable reviews ! judge it for yourself . I dont care how good a dvd is some people will find some trivial thing to gripe about , and make assumptions about things they know nothing about.True some things could be different , but considering the few live shows that were filmed from great rock bands of that era , ill take it anyway i can . If your a true fan , you wont be dissapointed !
 THE ONLY THING I CAN SAY ABOUT THIS DVD IS A AUDIO AND VISUAL MASTERPIECE.ANYBODY THAT GIVES THIS DVD A UNFAVORABLE REVIEW IS WELL , I BETTER LEAVE IT AT THAT.ITS JUST SAD THAT THEY DIDNT HAVE DVD TECHNOLGY BACK WHEN THESE GREAT ROCK BANDS WERE IN THERE HEY-DAY . IM GLAD TRIUMPH HAD THE FORESIGHT TO PRESERVE SOME OF THERE HISTORY ON FILM.TODAYS MUSIC STINKS !! I CAN HARDLY WAIT FOR THE GREATEST HITS DVD TO COME OUT.THKS RIK-GIL & MIKE FOR THE HISTORY LESSON
 This is an awesome DVD , but remember , Rik Emmett does not get ANY royalties from it . Gil and Mike screwed him out of everything that is Triumph .
 I SEEN THESE GUYS AT ALPINE VALLY IN EAST TROY WISCONSIN AND LOVE THEM SO MUCH I JUST HAD TO GET THIS DVD . THE QUALITY OF THIS DVD IS EXELENT AND I WOULD RECOMEND IT TO EVERYONE . I CAN T WAIT FOR A REUNION TOUR
 the DTS audio is one of the best mixed live recordings i 've heard to date . if you are a true Triumph fan u will appreciate it just for that . just ignore the out of sinc edits . it 's clear that this was edited together from at least 2 shows in Halifax . All in all a good viewing experience .
 ' A Night Of Triumph Live ' was taped at the Metro Centre in Halifax , Nova Scotia on January 16,1987 . I remember seeing this very tour something like three months prior to this gig.One thing I 'll always miss from the ' 80 's is seeing a live Triumph show every other year or so.Let 's face it , this Canadian trio has never been anything less than an all-out incredible rock & roll show , specially when experienced live.The tour this show comes from was on the road to support their ` The Sport Of Kings ' album.Every track from this eighty-two minute concert shines , but the songs that stick in the back of my mind are `` Allied Forces '' , their signature tune `` Lay It On The Line '' , `` Take A Stand '' , their anthem-like `` Rock N'Roll Machine '' , Joe Walsh 's cover `` Rocky Mountain Way '' and `` Fight The Good Fight '' . Plus there are two videos I remember seeing on Mtv or some cable music show.The band , at least on THIS tour had four musicians.Rik Emmett-guitar & vocals , Mike Levine-bass & vocals , Gil Moore-drums & vocals along with new touring recruit , guitarist Rick Santer.Sure wish Triumph would reunite.Come on , guys.Sabbath did , even Judas Priest did after fifteen years.Maiden took Bruce Dickenson back.A fun DVD to check out .
 Triumph was one of those bands that were so underrated but they had a lot of talent . Since there are n't many concert footage out there this DVD is a must for every Triumph fan . Somewhat I like this one better than the `` US Concert '' , do n't mind the edition the sound is great and the footage is well ... an 80 's concert which seem with today 's standards is `` cheesy '' but back then was excellent . I think you need to judge a concert by it 's meaning when it was originally played not by today 's standard , so do n't mind those critics who tell you about the clothes or the hair ... Triumph is all about rock n ' roll and this DVD delivers.The extras are okay too . You wo n't be dissapointed .
 In the event you never realized it . Canada not only provided us with the Masters Of Prog Rock RUSH , but they are also at the fore of bringing us the music of Triumph . This amazing three-piece group ended their career far too early if you ask me . There was never a farewell or retirement tour of any kind . Such things were not as common place as they are today . One day they were very simply gone . The music of Triumph leaned more to the hard rock/metal side at times more so than that of progressive bands . The songs were almost always very easy to appreciate and they did get a sufficient amount of airplay as in their heyday . I remembered that classic rock stations would play more of this type of music than one would expect to hear today . This DVD entitled `` A Night Of Triumph '' showcases one of the bands last albums in performance before their seemed retirement . That album and tour was for the `` Sport Of Kings '' record.I will admit there is not much more to see during this than the concert itself , but this is still good considering the limited amount of this sort of product from the group . Besides this DVD , I only know of one more piece entitled `` Live At The US Festival '' . This was released in 2003 . It does however give you a great concert , for they were such a great band live . I was lucky enough to see them during the biggest tours they had with `` Thunder Seven '' and `` Sport Of Kings '' . There were one or two minor critiques I had about the piece . This was the album were Triumph employed the use of keyboards in their music quite a bit . It was an odd thing for their core audience as this led to less gritty and more commercial sounding material . It does include all of the bands hits and among them are some of the fan favorites to this day . Standout tracks are such as `` Follow Your Heart '' , `` Fight The Good Fight '' , and `` Magic Power '' and many more.Does the closeness of these two DVDs and the back catalog remastering signify a return of Triumph to the stage ? Your guess is as good as mine . Thusfar I have not heard anything of the sort and with Rik Emmett who seems to be content with all of his solo efforts it does not seem likely . Should I ever reach Gil , Rik or Mike I shall certainly let you know . This is a perfect way to sit and enjoy a truly excellent group so grab yourself a copy .
 Yes there is alot of cheesy `` rock and roll '' talk from Mike and Gil , yes there are too many crowd shots , yes their wardrobes are 80 's atrocious , yes there is alot of feathered hair -LRB- it was the 80 's after all -RRB- , yes Gil 's vocals seem heavily overdubbed and he is not a good drummer ... his drum solo is painful to watch/hear . But ! This DVD is well worth it to hear Rik Emmett sing and play guitar . The overall sound quality of this is pretty much perfect . You can hear every instrument clearly and it packs alot of punch . Rik 's vocals are crystal clear up to the highest possible notes and perfectly in tune . Amazing . His guitar playing is top notch and his songs are what made Triumph what it was . I watch/listen to `` Lay it on the Line '' , `` Magic Power '' and `` Fight the good fight '' over and over . `` Follow your heart '' and `` Spellbound '' are great too . This is one of the best sounding live discs I have heard ... I was stunned the first time I played it . They did a great job remixing it . If you like Triumph this is a worthy purchase .
 This Triumph DVD is not staged or studio recorded or anything of the sort . It is a live concert in Halifax . The times have changed and yes the material , music and sound are dated but it is what it is . An amazing 80 's cocert that held it 's own and despite the less that Stones budget Triumph used to record it , the concert does them justice . Yes , Rik Emmett was Triumph and without him they would never have existed . Anyone who knows the band knows Gil Moore and Mike Levine were no Neil Peart or Geddy Lee . but they banged out great 80 's type rock that people all over loved jamming to . Buy it ! It is Triumph at it 's best live and you 're not going to find anything better if this is what you 're looking for .
 I have watched it twice now , and the sound quality , video quality , songs , the performances , the clothes and light effects all are superb to me ! Unlike some of the reviewers I do n't find fault with anything here ! Who cares what they say about the clothes and hair ; I prefer the style groups had back then as well as the music they made . REAL MUSIC . I ca n't say much about what 's around today . This DVD comes highly recommended .
 Ordered this in June and finally had a night where I just needed to forget about the day -LRB- can you say Presidential Debate -RRB- and enjoy being 21 again . Well this brings back 1986 at the Rosemont Horizon -LRB- not where the show was filmed but where I saw it -RRB- . Lay it on the Line people , these guys just had fun and made great rock and roll.Dave
 Been a Triumph fan since their debut album . The only reason I did not rate this DVD a 5 is due to the excessive crowd shots that other reviewers have discussed . The video quality is not as good as Rush In Rio or Rock in Rio but very acceptable considering when it was recorded . The sound quality is definitely a 5 . Actually , I rate the sound quality slightly better than a 5 for one reason ... the mix . The one piece of information the other reviewers did not cover is the mix . If you are a fan of loud pounding drums , this is for you . The drum kit is turned up a bit louder than other music DVDs I have and I was pleasantly surprised . They are not overbearing , just louder than usual . This DVD is available for $ 15.99 CDN -LRB- $ 12 US -RRB- new . A steal !
 OK , My fellow rock fans , heres the scoop . Yes , I grew up in the 80 's and yes , I still made fun of the mullets and bad wardrobes . BUT , thats how most of those bands were at the time and when I bought this DVD I did see how things are outdated . However , the sound quality is excellent and Im sure all of you would agree that record companies should convert many more of the old VHS and even unreleased shows to DVD . I would rather have a large selection of DVD 's to compare than to have only the newer bands release shows . Plus , back then `` King 's X '' was just starting out , `` Dream Theater '' was basically unheard of , `` Fates Warning '' was too cheesy , so we had `` Rush '' to say it in modern terms `` keepin it real '' . Even `` Yes '' cheezed out too much for my taste in the 80 `` s . This DVD is a must buy , so ladies and gentlemen , and even rap fans , this is a rock show that highlights the days of being great musicians and the massive light shows that we all miss .
 Fans of Classic rock Sit back and take a look at Trumiph . . A lost concert that will make you think what ever happen to the good old days the band has a lot of there HITS here and a few songs you may not recall makes it seem like your right back in the days when the classic rock bands were the kings . . the light show is cool ! and Rik Mike and Gil and in Great shape !
 I ca n't remember who told me that I needed to check this show out , when he found out how much I loved Eric Ambler books and the early seasons of `` Homicide
 If John Le Carre is poetry , this is prose . Terrence Rafferty , a critic for the New York Times called it , `` the best spy series in television history . '' -LSB- wikipedia -RSB- Enough said !
 The spy show so accurate , that a script ended up classified , never to be filmed ! There 's machiavellian intrigue by the boatload , smart , sharp , believable plots , and a delightfully ruthless hero .
 I have read many fiction and non fiction books about SIS -LRB- MI-6 -RRB- . This series is as realistic as it gets . It is intense and very realistic . Contrary to popular belief , politics always plays an important part in behind-the-scenes decision making . Roy Marsden is a cold hearted bastard-but so are real people who are in `` The Game '' . Well worth the money and valuable addition to your cold war espionage collection .
 This excellent series has some of the best dialogue ever written for television . Each episode is densely packed with intense drama and superbly crafted conversation . Most of the action takes place in various office rooms and the substance of the drama is carried on through conversation . Despite this `` Sandbaggers '' reminds me of the contemporary series `` 24 '' if only for the sheer intensity of the drama which has one riveted for 50 minutes and paying attention to every word and nuance .
 Five stars does n't do it justice.This is a full ten point five stars out of a possible five.Created by formal naval intelligence officer , Ian Mackintosh , and broadcast on the UK 's ITV channel between September 1978 and July 1980 , `` The Sandbaggers '' set a precedent for television spy dramas that , in my opinion at least , has never been surpassed.Neil Burnside -LRB- Roy Marsden -RRB- is the director of operations -LRB- D-OPS -RRB- of Britain 's Secret Intelligence Service -LRB- a thinly disguised analogue of `` MI6 '' - the real life security services department given purview to counter threats to national security from outside the UK -RRB- . Burnside is the head of a team of highly trained covert intelligence officers , nicknamed `` Sandbaggers '' , whose job it is to undertake missions of a politically sensitive nature ranging from securing the successful defection of players from `` the other side '' through to coercion , rescues and even assassination ; to `` sandbag '' in the colloquial English vernacular has a dual meaning - it means to `` stonewall '' , `` hide '' or `` deceive through the means of deception , obfuscation or omission '' and it also means to `` shore up the defences '' or `` protect from harm '' - in these capacities the three man team certainly live up to both interpretations of their given title.However , if you think you 're in for the usual cod-James-Bond antics , let me assure that this series is a far more complex , adult and subtle examination of what it is to be a spy . The entire onus of this series is on the machinations of the players in the corridors of power rather than on the details of the missions themselves . The detail with which Mackintosh renders the Machiavellian goings on between the foreign office , the cabinet , parliament and domestic and foreign intelligence services , as well as his frankly stunning insight into the hierarchy of the British intelligence community has led many to wonder - myself included - whether we were actually being treated to a privileged insider 's view from a man who had actually been a player in John Le Carre 's legendary `` circus '' himself . Mackintosh 's mysterious disappearance part way through the writing of the third series have led many to conclude that maybe he let on more than was wise . I recommend the excellent wikipedia entry on this mysterious author for those who are interested in the notion of government conspiracies.Being that this was a television production made in 1978 by a UK television channel -LRB- there were only three at the time -RRB- , the majority of these stories are shot on video tape in studio bound sets with only the odd filmed insert here and there . I implore you not to let the low production values put you off though . Pound for pound , this is one of the most intelligent , well-acted and frankly breath-takingly brilliant series ever to drip out of the cathode ray tube . Roy Marsden is by turns touching , terrifying and tenacious as the steely Neil Burnside - a man so completely devoted to and controlled by his job that he virtually lives in his office on a diet of Coca-Cola -LRB- he ca n't risk being drunk -RRB- , cigarettes and dossiers . Similarly Ray Lonnen 's turn as Willy Caine , the veteran `` Sandbagger 1 '' , is a masterclass in quiet understatement . Bar Rupert Everett , Lonnen really is the greatest Bond that we never had . British soap fans should also keep an eye out for a turn by gay activist and current Member of the European Parliament , Michael Cashman , in the second and third series.Two final recommendations for those who are interested :1 -RRB- If you possess a multi-region DVD player , I suggest that you save yourself a few dollars and pick up Network 's excellent compendium boxed set of all three series on Amazon.co.uk -LRB- it will cost you substantially less than buying the three series individually on Amazon.com -RRB- . After all , who does n't need to save a few bucks in these cash-strapped times ? 2 -RRB- If you read comic books , and any of the above sounds remotely familiar , a certain Greg Rucka used this series as the template for his brilliant `` Queen And Country '' comics and novels . By his own admission , Rucka considers `` Queen And Country '' to be a sequel to this most spectacular of Television dramas .
 There 's Shubert 's Unfinished Symphony , Scott Fitzgerald 's unfinished Last Tycoon , and Eisentein 's unfinished Ivan the Terrible trilogy . And now there 's the unfinished Sandbaggers . This is really a shame and the reason I give it four stars instead of five . Surely the producers could have figured out how to wrap up the series from notes or pitches from creator Ian Mackintosh , before his untimely disappearance . Maybe with a routine series the producers would be justified in walking away , but The Sandbaggers is such a superior work , that not finishing it seems inexcusable.The series has good production values for late 70s UK television -LRB- though I wish they could have found a more exciting remote location than Malta -RRB- . The video quality holds up quite well on my big-screen -- close-ups are striking.Speaking of close-ups , the faces of the regulars are a delight , from the sardonic Burnside to the priggish Peele to the two steely `` Cs '' to Sandbagger # 1 Willie Cain . A testament to the series quality is that although much of the action takes place indoors and in the same offices , one never feels closed-in , because the drama is in the relationships between the characters . But this does n't mean soap opera . The issues , though sometimes personal , have to do with the work , and the excitement and the frustrations of the work are splendidly conveyed by superior acting and intelligent dialog.This miniseries begs for repeat viewing , and repeat viewing is our only consolation for the realization that , unless some genius resurrects it , The Sandbaggers will remain an unfinished masterpiece of the spy genre .
 This is a phenomenal series ; it follows the exploits of the Director of Operations -LRB- Roy Marsden -RRB- and his special ops agents , the `` Sandbaggers '' at the British Secret Service . Taking place in the late 1970s , in captures the paranoid world of the late cold war . The writing is superb , the acting excellent and plots are taught and thrilling . It is both a traditional spy thriller and an unusual depiction of the sharp elbows needed to succeed in government service.One negative is that is was shot primarily with video cameras , but the less than stellar film quality is a small trade off for this exciting , delightful gem . Watch this series ; you will wish they had filmed many more episodes !
 This is by far the best spy television ever produced . How has it stayed hidden all these years ? The saddest part is that they only produced 21 episodes . I highly recommend it to anyone interested in real-to-life action that is not just James Bond shoot-em-ups .
 In the very first episode , Operations Director Neil Burnside -LRB- Roy Marsden -RRB- tells a neophyte in the spy game ... if you want James Bond , go to your library . That 's pretty much the show 's mission statement.Instead of over-the-top , high-tech adventures , The Sandbaggers offers a real-world view of the espionage world . There are no Q-gadgets here . Instead , Burnside has to fight numerous budgetary restraints -- like justifying why his agents need to fly into the field well-rested on a good quality flight . Every action has to be planned , cleared , etc.The heart of the series is not in adventures , but in mission planning , characters , and the moral ambiguity.The first episode that truly grabbed me was `` Special Relationship '' with its very disturbing ending .
 The best line in all the episodes is in the first one , titled `` First Principles ' `` The odious Neil Burnside flies to Oslo only to rebuke his Norwegian colleague face-to-face with a sort , sharp lecture delivered at the boarding gate of the airplane on what it takes to succeed in the Cold War . Burnside says the Norwegians must learn more about intelligence works and that takes time . His Norwegian counterpart protests that there was no time and action was necessary . Action was taken and it ended disastrously . Burnside replies , `` If you want James Bond , go to the library . `` If you want success then do the hard , boring , endless , tedious , and detailed work of preparation . Read maps , study weather patterns , train and train again , learn languages , stockpile equipment that may never be used , argue over budgets to do these tasks , guard against cost-cutting pressures , consider every possible and few impossible alternatives , and then start over . Most of all jealously preserve the capacity to take action , and more insidious and constant threat again the capacity to act is the office politics of any large organization , the competition for resources , for recognition , for promotion , for one 's ideas , and son on.That brief dialogue sets the theme for most of the rest of the Sandbaggers where the focus is first on securing the Sandbaggers in the dangerous and ruthless world of Whitehall , where it makes sense to send assassins economy class on long international flights and expect them to do the killing efficiently and secretly and return economy class . One of Burnside 's recurrent fights is over budget for exactly such needs as first class travel for the Sandbaggers who do the killing . -LRB- There is no point in hiding behind metaphors like `` dirty work '' or `` heavy lifting '' because mostly the Sandbaggers kill . If anything less than murder was required , someone else could do it.Anyone working in an organization knows all of this to be true , and `` The Sandbaggers '' is on this score one of the most realistic television programs ever made . It is all about budget most of the time .
 `` The Sandbaggers '' , the early 1980s cult hit written by Ian MacKintosh , is to TV espionage shows what Breguet is to watches
 I will be ever grateful to the friend who turned me on to The Sandbaggers.Roy Marsden delivers one of the best acting performances I 've ever seen in any medium . His classically tragic Neil Burnside is so nuanced , he defies ultimate analysis while still convincing the audience of authenticity of character . All the other regular actors are equally good , even if their characters are n't quite as complex -LRB- though all are definitely 3-dimensional -RRB- . But the real star of The Sandbaggers is Ian MacIntosh 's superlative writing . Tight , yet textured , witty , yet never frivilous , the Sandbaggers scripts are rumored to have been about four times as thick as that for a typical television hour . Though the `` action '' of the series almost entirely consists of conversations behind desks , at restaraunt tables or over telephone lines , MacIntosh never fails to astonish the audience with his brilliance and insight.For the thinking veiwer , I can not recommend The Sandbaggers highly enough . And although it brutally rips the romance of espionage mythos to shreds , it gives us something oh-so-much better in return
 This 70s Brit series ' take on the peril of empire remains a lodestar of the genre . Filmed with the still unrivaled toxic television color film of the period -LRB- almost no color at all , creating a realist grit that modern filmmakers can only dream about -RRB- and featuring a young Roy Marsden as Neil Burnside , head of Special Section , chief of his three -LRB- sometimes two -RRB- beloved Sandbaggers - this is way more than a tv series . Its verismo cool induces the keen euphoria of addiction . The series relies on fine writing , with each succeeding episode upping the ante , and Marsden 's diamond intensity . The sets are beyond spare , and the prop telephones ring at volumes to blast your brains . The red phone on Burnside 's desk becomes a familiar extra character in every episode . Marsden is mesmerizing . His foibles are dark , his life is a secret . He falls in love with Sandbagger Laura Dickens , and by episode 's end sees her shot dead on an East Berlin bridge in a prisoner swap - by a CIA agent , from a building inside East Berlin . It 's one of the best episodes in a consummately taut series that exudes grit and conscience . Alan MacNaughton -LRB- `` To Serve Them All My Days '' -RRB- as Wellingham gives Marsden a run for his money whenever he 's on screen . Brilliant stuff . I own the dvd set , and suggest you 're impoverished if you do n't . If you 're a fan of 70s British spy drama you already know about Sandbaggers . If not , check in . You wo n't leave .
 Better than any other espionage series -LRB- and better than most espionage movies -RRB- , `` The Sandbaggers '' focuses on the ongoing tension between bureaucratic administration of covert operations and the desperate life and death struggle of those carrying out these operations . Magnificent scripts -- heavy on careful expository dialog and wry character development .
 I never thought that I would see the day The Sandbaggers would be released on DVD . This was the most intriguing and the best written series that I have ever seen on television . This is just too good to miss .
 While the causal spy fan might like ` Tinker , Tailor , Soldier , Spy ' , does n't the true devotee really prefer ` The Sandbaggers ' ? This is n't as preposterous as it might sound
 a 1970 's cold war setting which ages well , this is a really interesting series to watch even now . The last episode of Collection 1 made me plan to buy collection 2 . I 'll probably watch them over like the Tinker Tailor Soldier Spy Series . I really bought this because Roy Marsden was so good in the PD James series and I wanted to watch him act in something else . This series has worn well and is surprisingly cynical and hard edged .
 So speaks Neil Burnside -LRB- Roy Marsden , `` Inspector Dalglish '' -RRB- , the steely D-Ops of THE SANDBAGGERS , a covert three-man team of spies operating at the height of the Cold War . It 's an appropriate comment to describe the entire series . Created and Written by former British Intelligence officer Ian MacKintosh , any given episode is more likely to spend time discussing a mission than showing the mission itself ... it 's several episodes in before a Sandbagger is even armed . Emphasis is on the politics and pressures of a life lived in shadows , trading gunfights and explosions for cracking dialogue and fascinating characters . It 's an approach that fans of HOMICIDE
 The excellence of the BBC 's THE SANDBAGGERS overcomes any quaintness of plotting that pits Her Majesty 's Secret Intelligence Service against the machinations of the Evil Empire 's KGB and its minions . Considering the menace of today 's shadowy terrorist groups unaligned with any particular nation state , a return to the Cold War seems almost like the Good Old Days.The `` hero '' of this television miniseries that aired in 1978 and 1980 is Neil Burnside -LRB- Roy Marsden -RRB- , the wily , lonely , ruthless , testy , and driven Director of Operations , who works out of MI6 's London headquarters in Century House . More specifically , Burnside oversees the `` Sandbaggers '' , a trio of special agents available for covert operations against foreign enemies in the world 's hotspots.If you 're expecting to see feats of derring-do reminiscent of 007 , or even the Avengers , look elsewhere . Indeed , it 's when the camera occasionally follows Neil 's agents on their oversees exploits that the action gets clunky and amateurish . The essence of each episode 's script lies back in London as we watch Burnside match wits with his immediate boss , SIS Deputy Chief Peele -LRB- Jerome Willis -RRB- , and the agency 's Director General -LRB- Richard Vernon -RRB- , otherwise known as `` C '' , both of whom Neil scornfully regards as bumbling incompetents , as well as with the meddling political wallahs in the Ministry of Defense and the Foreign Office . Who needs enemies with friends like these ? And there 's Neil 's awkward relationship with Sir Geoffrey Wellingham -LRB- Alan MacNaughton -RRB- , the urbane Permanent Undersecretary of State and the father of Burnside 's estranged wife.Perhaps the best episode in Set 1 is number 7 , `` Special Relationship '' , in which Neil dispatches Sandbagger Laura Dickens -LRB- Diane Keen -RRB- to East Berlin to retrieve some photographic intelligence from an agent-in-place . The mission turns into a personal disaster for Burnside in which the viewer first sees a human side to the Director.THE SANDBAGGERS series nowhere approaches the superb BBC 's productions of John Le Carre 's TINKER , TAILOR , SOLDIER , SPY and SMILEY 'S PEOPLE , both starring Alec Guinness . But , THE SANBAGGERS is an intriguing and intelligent depiction of the politics and backstage maneuvering of spycraft .
 Two ways to guess Sandbaggers ' age , or mine . One
 I have no hesitation in saying that this is one of the best dramatic series I 've ever seen . Certainly , so far as intelligently-written , intellectually-satisfying British dramas are concerned , it is second-to-none . The series stars Roy Marsden as Neil Burnside , the Director of Operations for the SIS -LRB- Britain 's Secret Service -RRB- and head of the Sandbaggers -LRB- a special unit of highly-trained operatives within the SIS -RRB- . Burnside is a multi-faceted individual , and like the system of which he is a part , he is not without flaws . A former Sandbagger himself , Burnside will move heaven and earth for his operatives -- a devotion which is commendable . But he is also ambitious and capable of being ruthlessly manipulative . While he cares deeply about his operatives , it is in those rare instances when the needs of an individual collide with his or her job as a Sandbagger that we see a surprising -- indeed startling -- side to Neil Burnside.Roy Marsden -LRB- who will be familiar to many as Adam Dalgliesh of the P.D. James ' dramatisations -RRB- is simply splendid in portraying the nuances in Burnside 's personality as well as in evoking often conflicting emotions on the part of the viewer . In fact , it 's hard to imagine anyone else in the role.The portrayal of the policies , priorities , and hypocrisies within the SIS , the Ministry of Justice , and indeed the government in general is thought-provoking not to mention disturbing . If you 've enjoyed the humourous -LRB- albeit highly accurate -RRB- depiction of government in the Yes Minister and Yes Prime Minister series , you will certainly enjoy this series . The approach is a serious one -LRB- although punctuated with comic relief in the form of witty remarks -RRB- , but the insights into the running of -LRB- and indeed corruption of -RRB- government remain the same.The DVD boxed set contains all seven 50-minute episodes from the first series -LRB- there are three in all -RRB- , each of which is absolutely first-rate with very tight , fast-paced plots . There is suspense , but it is not long and drawn out . There are twists and surprises galore , but all are intricately connected to the storyline ; none have been inserted gratuitously merely for the sake of thrills.Whether or not you like the spy genre in particular , so long as you enjoy intelligent , impeccably-written and consummately-acted suspense drama , you will enjoy this superb series , which is as much a drama about people and human nature as it is about spies and government corruption . Quite frankly , I simply can not recommend it highly enough . It 's nothing short of outstanding !
 The Sandbaggers was written by Ian Mackintosh , a man who wished to debunk the James Bond mythology and portray Cold War era espionage as it really was . The series was made in the late 1970s , and three short seasons were produced - this boxed set includes the first six of the seven episodes that comprise the first season . Roy Marsden is superb as Neil Burnside - Director of Operations for the British Secret Intelligence Service -LRB- SIS , also known as MI6 -RRB- . He is in command of a three-man section of special agents , nicknamed the Sandbaggers , who undertake politically sensitive and hazardous missions outside the UK . The world of spies is shown to be prone to budget cuts and political interference , and internal office politics affect the outcome of missions as much as -LRB- if not more than -RRB- international politics . The entire cast is exceptional , rising to the task of breathing life to excellent , witty , and complex scripts which really demand that the viewers pay attention -LRB- repeated viewings also yield new understanding and new surprises -RRB- . The characters are multi-layered and grow with each episode - no one in this series is all good or all bad ; they each have their strengths and their failings , and it is a joy -LRB- and sometimes heartbreaking -RRB- to accompany them on their journey . PBS airs the show occasionally , and this boxed set is a good introduction to a wonderful and unique British television experience .
 I just finished the 20th episode and all I can say is this has to be one of the best shows ever made for TV . It 's just too bad the show never caught on I would happily watch another 20 episodes . I assume the show was to cynical and subtly compelling to ever be a big hit . 25years after first airing it is quite interesting to see how prescient the sandbaggers proved to be in its understanding of the cold war dynamics . A must see .
 Simply put , this is the finest television show in the history of the medium . For realism , it goes all the way . Sure , TV shows today are more &#65533; violent &#65533; , meaning that there is guns and blood shown , but even the hardest core show that I can think of , &#65533; Oz &#65533; , comes off like sentimental hogwash by comparison . If you doubt me , watch episodes &#65533; Is Your Journey Really Necessary ? &#65533; -LRB- Set 1 -RRB- &#65533; A Special Relationship , &#65533; -LRB- Set 1 -RRB- or &#65533; At All Costs &#65533; -LRB- Set 2 -RRB- and tell me if I &#65533; m not right . I won &#65533; t describe what happens , which would spoil the enjoyment , but suffice to say that many hard decisions are made and many sacrifices are necessary . This is a hard-edged , realistic look at a secret service . The writing and acting is Incredible across the board . Roy Marsden is superb as the thin , cold leader , Neil Burnside . The inner-office politics are great fun to watch , as Burnside and his immediate superior , SIS deputy Chief , Matthew Peele vie for power and control . Just a great production from beginning to end .
 You ca n't imagine how excited I was to hear that `` The Sandbaggers '' was gloriously released on DVD ! I hope that now this program will receive the long-awaited praise and recognition it richly deserves . Rarely do we see a TV show that recognizes that there are intelligent people out in the audience . `` The Sandbaggers '' did just that , with excellent writing , excellent acting -LRB- Roy Marsden is brilliant ! -RRB- , and excellent direction.I first came across `` The Sandbaggers '' when I was in junior high in the early 90 's -LRB- I 'm now 23 -RRB- . I absolutely loved staying up late at night to watch the PBS Mystery programs on Fridays . Back then , I 'm sure most of the dialogue and plot went over my head , but I still enjoyed the show.An exceptional show such as this might tempt people to do a remake of the series , but let 's stop that thought right there . This program 's a classic . Let 's not tamper with greatness.Due to the poor quality of the original material , the sound slightly fades in and out throughout the DVD series , but do n't let that stop you from buying this gem .
 I was young when the Sandbaggers were on TV , so it did n't really have enough action at the time , but something about it was compelling . Now I remember why ; this is now my new -LRB- old -RRB- favourite TV show ! I will get to the the end of that third set all too soon ! If you want 24 or 007 this is probably not for you , but if you want ` real ' , this is it , or at least was in the good old days of the cold war . Do n't get me wrong , you 'll still be on the edge of your seat , but not because of special effects and stunt-men but because the characters come across as real people who do n't win every battle .
 The 20 episodes of `` The Sandbaggers '' unfold against the clammy backdrop of the Cold War , circa late 1970s , contemporaneous with Yorkshire Television 's production of the series . The British Secret Intelligence Service is a familiar milieu for spy sagas . This is turf well trod by thoroughbreds such as John Le Carre and lesser stallions like Ian Fleming . The intelligence community of series creator Ian Mackintosh is brisk and serious , populated by businesslike professionals . The Sandbaggers are George Smiley pushed past The Circus and the Old School Ties by the institutional thrust of modern spycraft ; they are James Bond shorn of the pyrotechnics , the carnality and the wisecracks . Characters and plots are more concerned with budgets than body counts , with internal politics as much as Realpolitik in the international order . They are conscious that their actions have moral implications ; they debate the purpose and propriety of their covert undertakings . There is no skunkworks in the basement to arm agents with lethal toys . The tools of Special Section operatives are guts , good sense and grounding . They are products of the world 's most experienced intelligence service . They never forget that they are employees of Her Majesty 's government . They have their meager paychecks to remind them.The central character is Director of Operations Neil Burnside , played sharply by the impeccable Roy Marsden . If ever there was a fictional television hero with a right-wing agenda , the relentlessly machiavellian Neil Burnside is its epitome . Patriotic , nostalgic for the old values , uncompromisingly resistant to liberalizing influences , self-righteous and contemptuous of his adversaries , Burnside seems deliberately modeled on that loathsome cowboy of American espionage , William Casey.What is it about Neil Burnside that so engages our sympathies ? It is this
 For anyone who has enjoyed Brideshead Revisited or Lost Empires this is another example of superb drama not to be missed . Frederick Raphael and Granada TV have created a modern television masterpiece . The story is sophisticated and intelligent and the dialogue leaves one gasping at its astonishing wit.I first saw AFTER the WAR some 18 years ago , it resonated with me then . After recently viewing it for the second time I can say that it lost has lost none of that original impression . I am delighted to own it so I can now watch it again whenever I like , and explore it further.The acting is superb throughout and brilliantly cast , so it would be impossible to single out any names for mention . One last thing , the haunting theme music by Stephen Oliver is beautiful and a perfect match .
 This series offers highly intelligent drama with all the characteristic subtleties of character and human foibles that British filmmaking captures so well . But the main point of my writing this review is to tell how unique this series is on two accounts.First , the series intricately depicts a subtle ostracism of Jews , those who were not quite of age and not in Europe during World War II , by Jews who were of age and/or were in Europe.Also well depicted , somewhat allegorically , are the subtle -LRB- and not so subtle -RRB- prejudices and manipulations exercised against upper middle-class British Jews by British rank and society and the Allied forces.Second , the series very well illustrates the mystique possessed by those who directly suffered the Second World War and the effect of that mystique upon those who were sheltered from the war 's harshest realities by age -LRB- if only a crucial few years -RRB- , location , or social status.This series would be heartfelt to anyone who has had -LRB- or still has -RRB- the good fortune to know someone who embodied the aforementioned mystique . It is true that those whose early lives were most defined by the war became possessed of a `` brand '' upon the personality that inspired instant curiosity and a certain reverence.This series dramatizes this mystique through the relationship between the two main characters , the two Jewish boys , who grow to manhood , and who have little in common other than their heritage ; however , it is their shared heritage that gives them parallel experiences of completely opposite details , including the details of their own dubious friendship , which spans close to thirty years.Within the complex relationship between the two main characters is a further dramatization of this wartime mystique that involves a free-thinking young woman , a French Jew , Pierrette Levi , who , under Nazi occupation of France , witnessed not only the murder of her grandfather , her only relative , but suffered betrayal and yet had willing sexual involvement with her betrayer . For the one character , the rough Joe Hirsch , Pierrette represents his connection to all that he was forced to leave as a child refugee of Nazi-occupied Europe , and for the other character , the refined Michael Jordan , Pierrette represents the worldly , gritty attraction of events and experiences from which he was completely sheltered , in general , and throughout the war.Both characters fall in love with Pierrette , though it is actually her mystique with which they fall in love , and through this mystique , it is actually the war - the war they never saw - with which they fall in love in the sense of romanticizing , though in opposite ways , even the war 's ugliest realities.The dialogue throughout this series carries weight and truth , much of it timeless and much historical , in every word - and in-between every word - listen closely !
 After the War is yet another in the long line of excellent dramas produced for broadcast within the United Kingdom
 Very good efort from the Morning star group . The CG grafix were very good , however as with most of the Morning start videos , the music could be a little better . The music sounds like dis-jointed modern jazz , and out of tune . Having said that , my sugeston is to play something you like and turn the TV down and your stereo up .
 ... I 've been following Zoe Productions work since they were featured in the `` Gate to the Mind 's Eye '' and `` Odyssey into ... '' . Their work stood out because apart from the spaceships and explosions it was one of the few works that deserved to be called truly creative , meaningfull and artistic.Very few companies nowadays pursue 3d animation for the sake ofartistic expression , most are doing special effects , games , comercials , etc. . . This Trilogy is an INCREDIBLE artistic accomplishment by any standard.It 's full of AMAZING animations and each segment and program is totally different from the others.The atmosphere 's that are created are unique and defies description.I 'm an animator my self and there 's nothing out there that comes close to this Trilogyhmmmm ! INDEED !!!
 This is original stuff.Zoe productions have been around for a long time winning many prestigious awards.And you can see that by their mastery of 3d and original creativity.The quality of the DVD is great with cristal clear images and surround sound.Although it is a simbolic journey , you do get a sense of meaningthat it ` s hard to describe.Can ` t compare with repetitive , meaningless animation compilation videos you ` ve already seen over and over.If you want to know what the future of CG as an art form looks like , THIS IS IT.BON VOYAGE
 The Adventures of Mario Mouse is a great video . My kids LOVE it ! Anyone who has n't seen it must see it now . It 's entertaining as much for the parents , as it is for the kids .
 The animation is excellent . It 's incredible what can be done with hard work and imagination . With the advent of computer generated imagery and special effects , it is increasingly difficult to watch something and wonder `` how 'd they do that ? '' . The magic of visual storytelling has been replaced by the digital age where the imagination only has the perception of 1s and 0s . Fortunately , this video still has some of the magic that is watching mice come to life , drive down the street , and fly through space in rocket packs . A must buy .
 I just turned 8 and I got Mario Mouse for my birthday . It is so cool ! I liked the racing best . And the space ship .
 We 're all NASCAR fans in this family . My boys think this video is the greatest thing ! The video has a great story line , and the characters are full of life . The racing is what their dad likes . The video is set in the `` real world '' they use real mice sized cars !
 My son Derick picked this out . He 's already watched it about a dozen times . The cinema-tography is fantastic . The colors and scenery are full and rich , as well as the story line . The stoy is what makes any movie , and mario Mouse is a real winner .
 My kids , Jeff and Thomas , love this video . Thomas can imitate Baron Von Ratnick to perfection , `` Squeeky , I 'm going to fire a rat missile ! '' It 's a great video . The characters as well as the story have a depth that is refreshing in kid 's videos .
 I have the VHS version of this DVD , which was originally a European television show , and was also released in large , picture book format as A Twentieth Century Testimony . There is a lyrical part where Mugg is in a graveyard musing on death , another where he contemplates his own waxwork at Madame Tussaud 's Wax Museum . Very good bits where he walks through the places the Bible events took place at , in the desert and by the Sea of Galilee . Also shows Malcolm and Kitty at home on their farm , Kitty reading Newman aloud , and Malcolm at the typewriter in his study.Those not familiar with Muggeridge or his writing are invited to meet him in his autobiography , The Chronicles of Wasted Time , recently republished by Regent College in a one volume edition including both The Green Stick and The Infernal Grove , along with the very brief fragment of the unfinished third volume , The Right Eye . Published in cooperation with The Malcolm Muggeridge Society in London , this edition also includes a brief introduction by Dr. Ian Hunter , author of his own lively bio . on Mugg . Having dipped into that engrossing volume , this DVD rounds out the picture of Mugg , or vice versa for those sampling the DVD first .
 Mr. Muggeridge recorded this in around 1973 , when he was around 75 . He reflected on how we all think throughout our lives , and how our perceptions of life and ourselves gradually change , especially toward our own mortality . He talked of his own views toward death , and how he had accepted his own approaching death , while discussing his religious beliefs . You will dream about him and what he said , for a while after looking at the video
 It has been over twenty years now since this gentle testament first aired but it has lost none of it 's freshness or vitality . Muggeridge was a prolific writer journalist who in the later part of his life became something of a christian apologist in rather a C.S. Lewis way . It is interesting that both men still have much to say to our present problems.This Film is a kind of meditation for Muggeridge on his life , modern life and the relevance of the spiritual truths that Jesus taught for these things . We see and hear Mr. Muggeridge as he speaks of these things in his pastoral home in England and then In the Holy Lands -LRB- most notably the biblical wilderness and the sea of Galilee -RRB- . It is very enjoyable to share these things with him and we ourselves can then bring our own vistas -LRB- inner and outer -RRB- to his , a very enjoyable thing to do . A sort of meditation between his own and ours.I liked the film which I found pleasant to the eye and spirit .
 This is the EO TV show that the book , A Twentieth Century Testimony , was based on . It 's an amazing 43 minute travelog , as it were , following Malcom around as he expounds and meditates , that sometimes seems to be about him and sometimes by him . He engages viewers in the first person , but the camera portrays him in the third . He holds forth on his dreams and visions , which seem to have always been with him , but have crept through his writings until he almost seems to be relating from another world . This video shifts scenes at least five times , with suitable segues between anecdotes , musical interludes and natural scenes for contemplation . As monks meditated on skulls , Malcom muses on gravestones . He feeds chickens at home on his farm , where his wife Kitty reads aloud from Newman . He recalls his past as a `` vendor of words , '' sprinkling in bits from George Herbert and John Bunyan , Saints Francis and Augustine . He contemplates his wax double at Madame Tussaud 's , then loses himself in the wilderness in Galilee , or rather , he would say , finds himself . Someone has subtitled in the dates 1903-1990 at the beginning of this video in which he is still very much alive , lending an eerie sensation as if after the end scene at the Sea of Galilee , he got in one of the boats and sailed away . Somehow this video was wrongly listed as NC-17 , when it very likely is actually rated `` G. ''
 Will nobody ever listen ? This explosive documentary reveals the horrific nature of Castro 's Cuba . Yet here we are 90 miles away , decades later and still no one listens . 80,000 have died ... even the director of this film is dead ! However the DVD is available ... and still nobody listens ! What earthquake will it take to wake up American consciousness to the brutality that lies 90 miles away in Castro 's Stalinist gulag ? We only focus on a silly embargo while human beings are being tortured by a cruel dictator . It 's the theater of the absurd . How can we continue to turn a blind eye ? Buy or rent this ... expose what is still going on ! People are still tortured while our nation fills the theaters to see ` Motorcycle Diaries ' about the assassin known as Che Guevara . When all is said and done how will history judge us ? We remained silent for over 48 years while `` nobody listened '' . What does that say about our allegedly `` informed '' society ? The information is here in this bold documentary ... there are no excuses . A Holocaust continues 90 miles from the United States ! Dare we claim ignorance yet again !
 First off , do n't bother buying or renting this one if you do n't like B-movies . The plot centers around a terrorist who threatens to release deadly nerve gas , and a `` covert squad '' sent to stop him . This movie is typical low budget fare , but with plenty of action and some hysterical , `` although some may have been unintentional '' lines this should delight most viewers . For the Athena Massey fans out there , Director Fred Gallo makes sure you see all of her , and thats a good thing , cause Steve Railsback is n't quite as good looking . The DVD has some nice bios especially of executive producer Roger Corman , who should be refered to as the God , King and Master of the low budget flick
 When I was a boy , I was fascinated by the ancient Greek goddess Athena , and the modern Athena , Miss Massey , is attractive too . This movie I found at `` amazon.com '' is an action one , as you may tell by the box . It holds my attention well with the action and sexy scenes with Miss Massey . I 've seen her name listed in movies , but this is the first time I actually saw her . I plan to find more of her movies , since she is attractive and in probably in some entertaining movies . My father had a good friend named Homer Massey , and my brother and I liked some of his kids .
 shark attack files 2 is the greatest shark attack dvd that i have seen to date ! I highly recomend it for any DVD shark attack enthusiasts out there . Blood and guts and disembodyment is what its all about . Get it now !
 You probably wo n't see a film made in the U.S. in which a father and daughter are vying for the affections of the same man ! This German film begins with the motley group of Zobel -LRB- played by handsome Gotz George , one of Germanys ' most popular actors -RRB- , his lover Karl -LRB- Christian Redi -RRB- and Zobel 's daughter , Lizzie -LRB- Jeanette Hain -RRB- making their living by practicing petty crimes like picking pockets and con schemes . When Karl is hit by a car during an ill-fated scheme , Zobel and Lizzie search for a replacement . Rudolf , a cute 25-year-old gas station attendant fits the bill . But complications arise when both Lizzie and Zobel fall in love with Rudolf . Rudolf returns affections to both of his admirers , which of course soon results in numerous conflicts . This gritty comedy is infused with charm and pathos -LRB- both Zobel and Lizzie are lonely characters seeking a ray of happiness in their dreary lives -RRB- . The film suffers from a weak ending that is not entirely satisfying but the film is one that is definitely recommended !
 This German film directed by Hermine Huntgeburth is like a comic spin on The Grifters but with an added sexual component . When one of the 3 petty criminals who wallet snatch using the blind man ploy is injured in a chase , a replacement is chosen from someone who had tried to steal from them and had failed . His punishment was to be stripped by the two gay male members of the team , which prefigures the sexual triangle that eventuates when both the father and his daughter are attracted to the new member . We know that when we are told the group 's rule is no exchange of body fluids that it is said to be broken . Huntgeburth gets comic mileage out of who is the the aggressor in each relationship and the stolen moments of intimacy they have in fear of being discovered by the third party . The most refreshing touch is how the father -LRB- Gotz George -RRB- is established as being mean to his gay partner , yet he becomes foolish when faced with the attentions of a younger man , as if he can not believe it possible , and the Shakespearian appearance of George emphasises him as a classically defined pathetic figure . George actually resembles a brunette and heavy-set Ralph Fiennes . The daughter probably has the least interesting role , but Felix Eitner as the boy demonstrates the bisexual trend of modern sexuality , the free sexual preference of European men , and the question of sex as duplicitious behaviour . When Eitner 's pet snake is disposed of cruelly , Huntgeburth sets up an expectation for his own fate , with the snake as metaphor . The accordian music of Niki Reiser sets the tone with it 's melancholy and suggestion of exotic mischief , and thankfully Huntgeburth 's treatment lacks the concluding cruelty of the Stephen Frears title .
 It is difficult to write an exciting review of this film without giving out the twists in the film , but I will say this is definitely a great film . As you already know from the plot description the three characters are romantically entangled , but the way the actors portray their emotions are definitely complex and not what the audience would expect . I disagree with an earlier reviewer about turning this into an American film . An American version will likely have a happier outcome for all four characters and place a greater emphasis on the heterosexual romance . Check out this film and take notice of who seems to be in love with who . An incredibly well directed film with complex characters whose depth is portrayed in the acting more than the actual script ! Ahh , love can be so complicated ...
 After an opening that 's somewhat of a downer , a father and daughter begin their lives anew , as crooks . When they come upon a sexy drifter who assists them , both father and daughter are attracted to him and vice/versa . A turning point in the film occurs when the daughter finds her lover in bed with her father and the family unit is shattered . How each character reacts to the dilemma and what eventually happens to them all is tremendously inspiring . It encourages the viewer to acknowledge his/her own priorities and also observes the power and value of compromise .
 VEry cool very different . i love this weird family love triangle with a twist . : -RRB-
 i like to watch this film because , it is a good film , especialy for adult
 THE CIA DID IN FACT ASSASSINATE JFK AND CIA OPERATIVES AND BLACK OPS AND PENTAGON WERE INVOLVED IN JFK SHOOTING
 This is a great ` facted based ' documentary.The acting in the sketches leaves a lot to be desired but the guests that present ` THE FACTS ' are fantastic !!! I had hoped it would be on dvd by now.Jean Hill and Mary Moormon are ` TRUE AMERICAN PATRIOTS ' !!!
 This three-part miniseries is based on the book written by Catherine Cookson
 A delightful story , done in three parts , of an in-service housemaid . It spans three parts of her life and each one is better than the first . I recommend people who like `` Period Pieces '' to obtain this great piece .
 This film , an adaptation of the Catherine Cookson novel of the same name , is a three part miniseries detailing the changing fortunes of a young housekeeper , Emily Kennedy , played by Gillian Kearney . The time period is the Victorian era . Emily Kennedy learns about life and love through relationships with three very different men . Forced from the home of her first employer Sep McGilby -LRB- John Bowler -RRB- after his plans to marry Emily come to a tragic end , Emily finds work as a housekeeper with a farmer , Larry Birch -LRB- Ray Stevenson -RRB- and his crippled wife Rona -LRB- Diana Hardcastle -RRB- , in Croft Dene House , a place which holds many secrets . Eventually after a strange turn of events , wholesome Emily defies convention to share a life in a rundown cottage with Larry Birch . I did not like this part of the movie , and I knew where the situation was going to end with Birch . As upright and clear minded as Emily was , it was difficult for me to believe that she would be willing to sacrifice her dignity for Birch after all the time she had known him as his housekeeper . Throughout the movie , one is given conflicting evidence about Birch 's character . Emily is initially curt when she meets the new owner of Croft Dene House , Nick Stuart , played by the always charismatic James Purefoy , who in this role is just about his most handsome -LRB- very becoming Rhett Butleresque wardrobe and thin moustache -RRB- . Emily is curt , but is eventually won over by the charming and compassionate Nick Stuart . The tide shifts again , and Nick gives Emily a way to take control of her future .
 There is little I can add regarding this movie that hasnt already been said in the excellent review by the lady from Virginia.All I will say is that I found the cinematography both believable and beautiful in its capture of the 19th century northern English life.What drew me most to the film is the courageous character of Emily . . played so wonderfully by Gillian Kearney.Suffice to say I loved the movie so much that I am buying it ... from Amazon because it is not available here in New Zealand .
 This is a keeper for sure . I will watch it over and over again . I love this era where men were men and women were feminine . The story line is intriguing and I sat riveted from beginning to end .
 If you love the time period you will love this one . Very fast moving romantic story . Strong female lead character and lots of handsome men . Lots of fun with a happy ending !! Could n't be any better than that ! Highly recommend !
 I first saw this movie on Netflix and knew I would love to own it . The price was reasonable . The shipping was VERY fast . In short , I was quite pleased with this purchase !
 This is a recording of the historic occasion in 1962 when the Deutsche Opera Berlin changed their programming to persuade Renata Tebaldi to sing in an opera for them . `` Otello '' was n't even in their repertoire at the time , but they were desperate to present the great diva in a fully-staged opera , and this is the one she chose.The video is clear and the sound vintage - but I have to say that the performance in general is pretty uninspiring and there are numerous places where conductor and stage part company . Hans Beirer is a reasonable Otello -LRB- he ai n't no Vickers or Domingo -RRB- , but his intonation is rather suspect at times . William Dooley has a fine baritone sound , but not much character , and the other soloists are distinctly average . But the whole point of this release is so that we can see as well as hear the magnificent Renata Tebaldi in one of her greatest parts . And she is truly wonderful !! OK ! - so the voice was n't at it 's absolute freshest in 1962 , and vocal problems -LRB- that would result in her withdrawing from the stage for a year to retrain -RRB- were on the horizon , but in this performance she sings with such beautiful tone and her stage persona is so sincere - womanly and graceful . She is also completely within the role at every stage of the proceedings.Yes ! - of course I wish this had been recorded a few years earlier when the voice was undoubtedly the most beautiful spinto voice in the world - but I 'm just so glad to have this video as a memento of a great artist .
 The qualities of Tebaldi 's Desdemona are quite familiar to collectors which makes it essential that we can now see as well as hear her . Hans Beirer is largely forgotten today but makes a fine , well-sung Otello . He may not have the volume of Vickers or Domingo but his performance is better than either of those . Dooley 's Iago is another fine artist who left all too few recordings . He sings and acts well , without the vocal crooning or set chewing of , say , Milnes . Patane 's conducting is strong and flows nicely , far preferable to von Karajan 's attempt at perfection or the `` hurry-for-the-big-bits '' styles of Levine or Solti . Of course , the television technology of 1962 does n't hold up to today 's but must be overlooked to enjoy a fine performance that ca n't be matched today .
 This movie brings back a lot of memories . And who ever wrote the offical review needs an additude adjustment cause there may be some strange parts in it but it is a gret movie ! Tim Curry Rocks !
 I do n't know what those reviews below are ... . But I think this series is better than that film . . DEFINITELYThis DVD is a great , charming , NOT CHEESY & A MORE MODERN adaption of the Jill Murphy books , starring GEORGINA SHERRINGTON as Mildred Hubble , the cute bumbling witch.A co production from Canada/United Kingdom-for HBO family.This is the second DVD -- Battle Of The Broomsticks being the first -- it contains three episodes . And is definitely viewable NOT JUST ON HALLOWEEN -- A MEAN HALLOWEEN -- In the first episode , the girls learn that the school is preparing to put on a play for the grand wizard -- Miss Bats wants to do this hip Halloween song , but Miss HardBroom insists it be traditional.Miss HardBroom 's class has been chosen to represent the school , which makes her a little wary , because Mildred 's in her class -- To choose who will play the good witch Lucy who rescues the suffering peasants from a tyrannical Baron in the play , Miss HardBroom wants to be fair and picks the name out of a cauldron -- and would n't you know it , it 's Mildred!Mildred 's part means she has to brush up on her Broom flying skills . And she ca n't fly very well , on HER broom -- since in the first episode it was broken in half and clumsily repaired with packing tape -- so Ethel reluctantly offers her broom , but she just ca n't be nice to poor Mildred and casts a spell on it -- subsequently ruining the presentation when Mildred crashes in to the grand wizard.Now everyone thinks it 's Mildreds fault the school was humiliated -- Mildred runs awayEPISODE TWO -- DOUBLE DOUBLE TOIL AND TROUBLEIs a continuance of episode one -- Mildred discovers a plot to overtake the school by over-hearing three witches in the forest -- one of whome looks remarkably like Miss Cackle -- Their plan is to sneak into the school and turn all the students and teachers into toads , since after Halloween it 's a tradition for everyone to oversleep , it may have been easy if it were n't for Mildred!In the third episode -- MONKEY BUSINESS -- We meet new comer Enid Nightshade , Mildred is in charge of showing the new girl around . Enid is kind of quiet at first.And she thinks the castle is pretty boring , no matter how exciting Mildred tries to make it sound.But she 's making trouble for Mildred -- she purposely sings off key in chanting class , making Mildred laugh.Mildred finds out she keeps a monkey `` Coco '' -- And she after she sees how mean Ethel is , Enid sabotages a stage set to fall right on her head -- of course Miss HardBroom thinks it was Mildred -- she gives Enid and Mildred the chore of scrubbing the staircase -- but Enid ditches the job to have more funMean while , Mr. Blossom is battling some kind of mutant fungus growing on the castle walls -LRB- yuk ! -RRB- And Enids monkey escapes from her room -- going out Ethel 's window , and putting on her school uniform tie in the process of climbing out on to the roof -- Mildred has to chase after it on her broom -- and we know flying is n't Mildred strong suit -- When HB sees Coco wearing Ethel 's school uniform tie she thinks it 's Ethel ------ Well we eventually see Enid is n't all that bad , when she comes to clear every thing up ---------------------------------------------------------------------- This is a delightful , whimsical and nicely presented -- If you 're familiar with this series from HBO -LRB- and like it -RRB- THAT 'S GREAT ! -- If you 're not ; check it out!Great for children and people young at heart -- beautifully filmed with great sets and outdoor scenes shot in the gorgeous Canadian countryside and forest -- and with a wonderful cast -- VERY CUTE , WHOLESOME and LIKEABLEMM & BB ; - -RRB-
 I loved the book so much as a child that I read it to death ! I 've added the D.V.D to my wish list with my fingers crossed and hope to get it for my 8 year old son . Just an excuse for me to watch it though ! I 'm 28 now and am so glad to find it still popular all these years later , Mildred Hubble is the clumsy young girl we can all identify with . It 's full of characters that are so like those we meet when at school that you feel empathy with Mildred . Who remembers the square creep like Ethel?Definitly a must for nostalga and will live on in generations to come !
 I am fortunate to own the author 's now out-of-print book . His video CD 's offer an excellent resource necessary to anyone , expert or novice , who is interested in block/stone type hardscaping . His blend of soft and hardscapes gives the user an endless source of ideas . The author , Paul Nordmark , calls himself , on his business card , a `` Structure Artist '' . After viewing his videos , I believe most people will call his title an understatement . He truly is blessed with a talent that comes through in vivid colors and structures.Walt Bieszczad , Master Gardener , University of Californa Extensions , Riverside , California
 Amazing Landscapes Vol . 1 is beautiful to watch and educational . I showed this DVD to a friend who was remodeling his backyard , he was blown away ! I enjoy being able to see long time lapses of the projects he has completed . This gives a very good idea of how everything grows in to make the landscapes amazing . If you have a landscape that needs transformation , buy this series of DVD 's ... Check it out !
 As I web searching a lot of Hill side design and idea . Finally got this wonderful / Beautiful design . I ca n't imagine moving thousand and thousand stone and set up on the Hill side . Made the slope become beautiful just by 2 manpower . I like it !!
 I watched Paul 's video and thought it was really well done . Lots of good ideas -LRB- I took notes -RRB- and even had him come to my house and bid a job for me . Turned out really nice , plus since it is low water , I am getting a rebate from the city . Anyways , Paul is quite creative/artistic and is a hard working , honest dude ... what you see is what you get . Plus he has been doing this a long time , so he knows where to go to get the best deals/prices on materials .
 Landscape transformations inspired by his faith in God and patriotism . Witness a single stone laid out and gradually become a masterful work of art . A must have for everyone.Paul , keep up the great work and continue to inspire others.ReubenNorth Las Vegas , NV
 Ok , i was a fan of the original and i am also a great fan of this version . I do n't know why it took so long for me to buy the video . I saw it when it 1st came out , but as i say , YOU got ta get this one ! Also , my wife and I note that Kevin Dillon in this version looks like my brother did at the the time the movie was made . Its funnny , we always joke about it . Get the Movie !
 SEE ! Intentionally laughable corny dialogue!SEE ! The time period of the movie not being able to decide whether it is the 80s or the 50s , with hilarious results like Kevin Dillon dressed like James Dean in a motorcycle jacket , but with a mullet!SEE ! Stock characters you know and secretly love , like Candy Clark as the Diner Waitress who Acts Tough but has a Heart of Gold , especially when it comes to the amorous local sheriff , the Football Hero who is a little bit of a snob , the Misunderstood Motorcycle Punk with a crush on the heroine who looks tough and all in his leather jacket but is Smarter than he Looks , the Priest who is a Closet Drunk and preaches Hellfire and Damnation and nbllows things like `` This was all foretold in the book of Revelations ! '' when the Blob slithers around main street , stuffing people into itself.SEE ! Candy Clark -LRB- I almost called her Candy Johnson , aka the 60 's fastest Go-Go dancer whose nicknames are Miss Perpetual Motion-she had that patented , and Non-stop Go-Go Dance Machine -- whoops ! Sorry , that 's one of MY nicknames ! How did I ever do that ?! Silly me -- by mistake -- now THAT I 'd buy the DVD to see -RRB- trapped in a glass phone booth surrounded by The Blob!SEE ! Annoying characters , even bratty kids , graphically get what they deserve ! Yeah!SEE ! A government conspiracy involving top brass in biohazard suits that tell main characters things like , `` You 're not prisoners ... you 're patients ! '' while locking them into the back of an `` ambulance '' ? . SEE ! Chapter selections on the DVD with titles like `` PUNK YES , KILLER NO '' . SEE ! Loving homages to the original such as the centerpiece where the Blob attacks/devours nearly an entire movie theater with a shot of terrified patrons stampeding out of the theater pursued by the blob oozing up behind them!SEE ! An urban legend involving a druggist and a teenage boy buying condoms!SEE ! A black character who not only lives through an entire horror movie , but helps save the day!SEE ! No CGI!SEE ! That 's right !! Animatronic that are almost as fun as the ones in Carpenter 's The Thing -LRB- some might call this a low rent version of The Thing , what with tentacles suddenly whipping out of monsters you thought were people and characters post-monster attack who retain facial features or props as they?re being slowly consumed , to the horror of other characters!SEE ! Character 's loved ones melting away right in front of their very eyes front of them until they -LRB- the original character -RRB- faint from horror!SEE ! Me forcing myself to stop before I spoil any more fun surprises or talk it up too much!I 'm not saying it?s the best horror film of the 80 's , -LRB- that title would go to ... OK , can I pick ten instead of five ? Please ? -RRB- but it is one of the better gruesome and gooey monster flicks of that era . Nice high gross-out factor , with some really creative deaths . As I said before , it borrows from The Thing remake , but I think not so much as a rip-off but ina admiration for the film . Sure it?s not John Carpenter?s The Thing , but then again , what is ? In fact , if you 're fan of The Thing but need a break somewhere between your 10th and 20th viewing , definitely plop this one in and ge your fix.My two cents -- pick up this fun , underrated popcorn flick monster movie and get ready to have a good time . And if you don?t ? Well , don?t come crying to me to explain why there were n't more CGI or A-list stars . I 'm not angry with you , I lierally feel sad for you , honestly , 'cause you 're missing out on a -LRB- heckuva -RRB- lot of fun .
 This 1988 remake is far better than 1958 's THE BLOB it features rebel Brian and cheerleader Meg fighting the acid like ooze wiping teens mostly into sex and dirty vagrants.this one has nice sense of comedy , outstanding special effects featuring a man getting plunged down a drain , the sewer part and theater.the gore is plentiful and this one features no nudity or drug use.Rated R for violence and gore and profanity .
 Directed by Chuck Russell -LRB- Nightmare on elm st 3 -RRB- this remake of a B-movie is definately worth a look . I saw the trailer to it and instantly wanted it in my horror collection . The effects are great , plenty of gore and an ending which opens doors to a sequel ...
 My guess is , this great film got bad reviews from the critics.I ca n't imagine why.THE BLOB is a remake of the original Steve McQueen movie . The plot deals with the town hoodlum , who makes a terrible discovery ... a government experiement that started out as a biological warfare virus , but turned into something MUCH more deadlier.For me , this film really works . The government conspiracy themes , the `` town in utter chaos '' theme and the general gore of it all are ingredients for a fine horror film . Even though THE BLOB has that late-80 's horror atmosphere , the plot devices get past all that and make a HIGHLY enjoyable and entertaining movie.Reccomended .
 I think Criterion messed up when they restored the original 1958 version of THE BLOB . The 1988 version is the one they should have released instead ! Following the basic story from the original , the remake has better acting , better special effects , Shawnee Smith in a cheerleader outfit , Kevin Dillon strutting , a smart script and most importantly
 This is a great remake of the original 1958 flick . It has the best of both worlds , cramming the 50 's Sci-fi horror flick with 80 's characters and special effects . A rare gem , indeed
 I personally am not a big horror moviegoer . Not that my stomach is queasy but just that they do n't interest me that much anymore . The Blob on the other hand I , ve been watching many time since I was a kid and unlike many horror movies this one has held up well and is my all time favorite horror move.This movie is about a malignant life form from outer space that feeds on anything that moves , women , children , men , you name it , even animals.I can still recall when I once was afraid of the dark because no other horror movie scared me like this one did when I was younger . Today at 19 this movie still is a frightening masterpiece , far surpassing the 1958 version . The special effects and the scene of where the man was pulled down the drain leaves this movie forever written into the photographic cells of my memory . I will love this movie for many years to come.For those qho have queasy stomachs , stay away from this movie but for those who want some horror , this is an essential movie . I recommend it.Bravo for the greatest horror movie ever .
 The remake of The Blob is a high octane monster movie packed with attacks and effects , for the first forty-five minutes or so . Then it slows down a little and settles into the typical monster on the loose with the teenagers saving the world plot that make those drive-in schlock fests of the fifties so much nostalgic fun.Once again a meteorite slams into earth and from within it slithers a blob of protoplasm that absorbs any flesh it comes in contact with . As the blob grows it becomes more and more aggressive in its attacks , each a show stopper , until it 's oozing down main street USA , the populace running for their lives . Can it be stopped?Writer / director Chuck Russell -LRB- who co-wrote this with The Shawshank Redemption 's Frank Darabont -RRB- is an obvious fan of fifties horror , this movie being one on 80s cinema steroids . While he does n't neglect the characters , developing most of them enough to care about whether or not they are engulfed or narrowly escape the horrible fate of being an evening snack for the overgrown amoeba , the individual attack scenes are the highlights . Well worth the purchase price , or at least a rental . Recommended .
 This was a good flick . Lots of blood , carnage , and violence . The movie had some really gross scenes . A guy gets pulled down a drain , a jock gets dissolved at the hospital -LCB- this scene disturbed me the most -RCB- and another guy gets pulled through a ladder and is broken in two backwards . OUCH ! There was nothing that I really did n't like about the movie . Just that there sometimes was a little too much blood . Certainly not for the weak at heart or stomach .
 This movie is good not great , if you have one you must have 2 , Matt does a ok job acting in this movie . It 's ok .
 I really enjoyed this remake . I love the original , and I think a good job was done staying true to the original , while managing to update it for a new generation . I 've seen a lot of remakes , and very often you get a sense like the director is trying to avoid ties to the original movie , but not here.I thought this movie was fast paced and fun . It kept me interested all the way through . It was quite violent at times , and gory , but when your subject matter is about an all consuming space blob , you sort of expect that kind of thing.The interaction between the characters was pretty well done . Kevin Dillon plays Brain Flagg , our hero who is also an outcast due to his rebellious nature . Shawnee Smith plays the female lead , the all American cheerleader homecoming queen type . The two are thrown together to fight the blob.This version starts off essentially the same as the original , the blob arriving from space and attacking an old man in the woods . The old man is found by the teenagers , and is taken to the hospital , where it proceeds to consume some characters . Brian Flagg is initially suspected by the police , as he 's no stranger to them , but they have no physical evidence to hold him , so they have to let him go . Soon , people in this small town start disappearing , and the police have their hands full . Brian and Meg are the only two who have some idea what 's going on , but when Meg tries to relate her story , what she saw , no one really believes her , and Brian is n't very credible , due to the reputation he has with the town in general.Soon , the blob starts making itself known , consuming many people . Some kind of government agency shows up , and seals the town with the purpose of capturing the voracious organism . Facts about the origin of the blob come to light , and it seems the government agency has a larger agenda than they originally stated . I thought it was quite funny how a number of people would fire at the blob with pistols and automatic weapons , only to find it had no effect on the creature . There were some pretty horrific scenes with people getting consumed by the blob , showing them basically dissolving as if bathed in acid . One scene in particular was when a ten or twelve year old boy gets taken . I was surprised to see this happen , as it 's seems pretty rare to me that kids get hurt or killed in these monster movies . I did see this when it came out , which was like 15 years ago , but I did n't remember that part . I did n't mind so much , as the kid was pretty annoying . There 's a climatic battle at the end , and the teenagers save the day , but in the last scene we are left wondering if the horror is truly over.The main differences between this movie and the 1958 version are the effects and the level of violence . In the 1958 version , the violence was more implied , where this version expands on that , showing us many people being consumed . Also , the teenagers in this movie can really pass themselves off as teenagers , while in the 1958 version , Steve McQueen and his colleagues seemed a little older than was suggested . Also , some interesting plot elements are added which suggest the creature may not have originated from space , but here on Earth . Also , the special effects are weel done , and show us more of what we did n't see in the 1958 version.I think the 1958 version , which I also own , is and always will be a classic , and this makes a nice companion and is a good movie in it 's own right.Cookieman108
 In a small California town , life was simple for a teenage punk -LRB- Kevin Dillon -RRB- who falls for a lovely cheerleader -LRB- Shawnee Smith -RRB- but one night there 's a strange meteorite crashes outside of town with a weird pink goo that consumes an old man 's hand . Taken to a doctor , the weird slimy stuff is really alive for it 's a monstrous organism that devours any creature or person that stands in it 's way , can it be stopped?Quite an awesome remake of the 50 's sci-fi/horror classic with Steve Mcqueen that is just as good but with a new explanation on the creature 's origin as it 's a government experiment from space gone wrong . The acting is very good and so are the nifty special effects and gory detailed scenes of people being engulfed by the slime especially the memorable man being sucked down the sink scene , the blob itself is more nastier and meaner looking then the original glob of strawberry jam.This DVD has good picture and sound quality with the only extras being trailers especially to the movie , but if you love sci-fi horror and the original then get this movie , you wo n't be disappointed.Also recommended
 If you wish to read of my adulation for this grisly , shocking , excellent remake , just scroll down to my March '99 review `` Steve Mcqueen , Eat Your Heart Out ! `` As far as the long-awaited DVD release of `` The Blob '' is concerned , I must say it is an absolute treat for this here horror/sci-fi buff ! Just to see Chuck Russell 's masterful film in its digitally remastered 1.85:1 widescreen glory , along with the original trailer feature , really made my collection 's day ! My only qualm is that Columbia/TriStar was rather remiss towards the sound design -LRB- still in 2.0 surround , just like my old VHS copy -RRB- . `` The Blob '' is a film that is definitely made for a 5.1 or DTS mix with all of its explosions and the oozing , organic sound effects that helped breathed life into this infamous & reviled movie monster.An awesome flick and a 4.5-star quality DVD ... worth every cent .
 This 1988 re-make of the classic 50 's horror film may have a few misfires here and there and it may look a bit dated , but it 's a surprisingly good re-make which is quite a rarity . Nightmare on Elm Street 3 director Chuck Russell , who would go on to direct the Mask and Eraser , is at the helm of this gross-out romp with Kevin Dillon starring as a teenage rebel outsider who allies himself with a cheerleader -LRB- Saw 's Shawnee Smith -RRB- when a murderous , slimy , monster goes on a rampage through their small town . The blood and gore effects are great for their time , while the effects of the Blob monster itself look a little dated . Everything else about this re-make however is still better than you would expect , including some imaginitive deaths . The cast also includes ER 's Paul McCrane , and look for small roles featuring Baywatch babe Erika Eleniak and David Lynch regular and Eraserhead star Jack Nance as a hospital doctor .
 The first `` BLOB '' starring Steve McQueen is a `` reel '' cult classic , but this remake , 30 years its junior , has to survive on its own merit . With Shawnee Smith and Kevin Dillon matched as the unlikely hero couple pitted against an updated , more extravagant , and much more menacing blob , only the plot can hold them back.But the plot actually works in this 1988 quasi-gorefest . It is basically an almost-exact remake of the 1958 film with some minor nuances added like the government 's complicity in harboring this `` biological weapon '' and the hero being actually a couple with more of an emphasis on her than him . Basically the other differences were in the precise roles of the various co-stars and featured players , plus the tendency in this remake to kill off more audience-friendly characters , including children . There is also much faster-paced action throughout , as this blob really goes after its meals like each one is its last.SUBJECTIVE IMPRESSIONS : This `` Blob '' really frightened my 16-year-old daughter who likes horror movies and is presumably not easily scared , whereas the original was a yawn for her . I just found it quasi-gory-but-interesting , if not a little too explicit . The plot really booked and the movie went at an almost real-time pace toward its inevitable climax ; i.e. , the presence of a huge blob which noone could deny actually existed . The only problem I saw is that the special effects depicting the blob -LRB- which were great for the entire film -RRB- seemed to waver at the climax . When the `` Blob '' was its biggest and most menacing to the largest number of people it somehow looked a bit unreal for the first time in the film . Since this was the most important scene in the movie , it would seem imperative for the effects to be as perfect as possible at this point . I was sure of this decline in visual effects when my chatterbox daughter , who had been silent for most of the film , confirmed this as she suddenly began commenting on the `` cheesiness of the effects '' at that moment and specifically about the creature itself during the climax of the film . Too bad , because otherwise the film is a real knock-out . The film , of course , ends with the characteristic nod to the 1950s creature features by implying rather loudly that there could be a `` Return of the Blob '' again . You 'll have to see the epilogue to find out exactly how . In the original blob , the ending just showed a large military transport dropping the blob in the arctic and the sheriff and Steve McQueen musing over how we will all be safe as long as the Arctic stays cold - followed by a screen sized '' ? '' -LSB- question mark -RSB- . ABOUT THE DVD : You get the standard scene-selector feature and theatrical trailers from this film and several others . This is in Widescreen and the transfer is clear and crisp and the audio is much better than the video which I have had for years . The audio is a Digitally Mastered 2-channel Dolby surround in English , French , Portuguese or Spanish . Subtitles can be selected for all of the aforementioned plus Chinese , Korean and Thai . A featurette or documentary about how the special effects were achieved would have been nice . Although shy on features , this DVD presentation is first-rate and is the best way to see this film today .
 What an awesome horror flick from the late '80s ! This 1988 remake of the 1956 Blob movie is soooo much better because of the amazing special effects that will COMPLETELY gross you out ! The characters are believable and there 's little if any cheesy lines through out the whole movie . The most memerable and truly gut-wrentching scenes is the guy being sucked down the kitchen sink by the blob , the lady in the phone booth , the kid in the sewer and a few other sickening parts . Definently one of the most frightning films I have ever seen . -LRB- Along with `` The Excorcist '' , `` Urban Legend '' and the original `` Scream '' -RRB- I highly recommend `` The Blob '' for your horror \ sci-fi collection !
 ... you do n't often see those two together , great , and re-make , this is the exception . I 've watched this movie a long time ago , and just recently purchased it to add to my collection . It is way better than I had remembered it . The effects are great , it is more graphic than I had remembered it . The movie picks up right from the beginning and never gets dull . Excellent flick , interesting story , great effects = great time . A must own for your collection , at a great price .
 I saw this when I was ten only a year ago and I never watched it again . It was a great movie do n't get me wrong but it gave me nightmares and like in another review , I thought the blob was coming down on me due to leaky pipes in our cieling . The blob special affcts were great and the acting was good too , but like remakes , they sometimes do n't follow the original . The blob first devours the old man , from his elbows down , he 's fried and gooey like a pizza . Then it devours a teen who was sort of playing the part of steve mcqueen except his name was paul . In the scene , Paul runs intothe doctors office and dials nine one one after seeing the old mans fried up body . He has his back turned toward the door and dose n't see the blob sneak in and stick itself too the roof . A couple water droplet fall from the cieling near where paul has his hand , he looks up and the blob tumbes down on him . After giving out a blood curdling scream , his girlfriend runs into the office and see 's her date being devoured by a gooey creature . She grabs his arm and febally trys to pull him out but to no aviel . By this time the blob had already sucked out his eye color and his skin was starting to turn pale , and in that instant , his arm melts off from his body sending his girlfriend flying through the air and slamming against the wall . The blob must have been made out of some sort of acidy fluid cause then paul melts . Its a great movie , but for those of you who ca n't stand gory things , this is not for you . I would recommend this to anyone who 's a fan of horror movies .
 This 1988 remake of the 1956 cult-classic is a shocking , eye-opening wonder from the hands of Chuck -LRB- `` Eraser '' , `` The Mask '' -RRB- Russell ! Of course , the special and mechanical FX surpass those that brought the original , gelatinous monster to life in the 50 's . However , Russell 's interpretation accomplishes a lot in bringing the classic thriller up-to-date with newly-awaited terrors . I thought it was nice touch this time around having the Blob 's twisted creators invade the besieged small-town under the guise of a `` friendly '' biological containment team that wants to save the town from potential microbial devastation . This action comes after the scientists realize that their little cosmic bacterial experiment has taken an ominous turn for the worst -LRB- the Blob is basically an unintended by-product of their work -RRB- . Some very memorable scenes are portrayed in this version -LRB- I was terrified to sleep after my initial viewing of `` The Blob '' -RRB- . They include the hospital double-murder of Paul Taylor -LRB- Donovan Leitch -RRB- and the hapless `` Can Man '' who first discovers the oozing killer after it crashes to Earth , the kitchen sink tragedy of the cook who unwittingly plunges the Blob up and is sucked down to a grisly demise -LRB- probably the most graphic of all the death scenes -RRB- , Candy Clark 's dialing `` M '' for her own murder when the Blob engulfs & traps her inside a phone booth as another late-nite snack , and the half-devoured movie projectionist scene is quite compelling -LRB- one will never look at ventilator shafts the same way again -RRB- ! Truly the Blob 's insatiable appetite for destruction never waivers in bringing new gut-wrenching horrors for young & old alike!Other treats this modern version puts on the table are Tony -LRB- `` Darkman '' -RRB- Gardner 's sickeningly-real makeup FX , outstanding visual FX from the Oscar-winning company Dream Quest Images -LRB- `` The Abyss '' , `` Total Recall '' , and the `` Nightmare on Elm Street '' anthology -RRB- , and an eerie score from Mike Hoenig . The ending is also great -LRB- unlike most horror films -RRB- in that it is completely unpredictable for first-time viewers -LRB- but I wo n't disclose and ruin it for everyone -LRB- WINK , WINK -RRB- -RRB- . I recently purchased the '88 Blob on a trip to LA after years of renting it and cable viewing , and I will never tire of seeing the exploits of this pernicious , soulless mass of blood-red protoplasm !!! For first-timers , I do recommend seeing the '56 Blob so that you can appreciate these two disparate versions of the same terrifying tale .
 This is one of the all time greatest remakes ever ! I first saw this when I was 10 and it scared the heck out of me . I only watch it once a year to keep from getting sick of it.I never do , though . Why do so many people care about the character development in thse kinds of movies ? I could care less who gets eaten , just as long as he gets eaten ! Most of the people here love this movie , but I know there 's someone out there complaining about acting . When you go to a movie entitled The Blob , do you go in looking for Oscar material ? I do n't think so ! I 'm just happy this movie has been treated better than John Carpenter 's The Thing , another great remake . Critics hated it because they `` said '' there was no characterizition . They were complete idiots ! Do n't let anyone tell you The Blob is a crappy movie until you 've seen it . Go by your opinion . If you like incredible FX , you 've got it . Do you want to see a man pulled completely down a drain head-first . It 's got that too . This is the perfect horror/scifi flick !
 A good movie but not great as the plot is kind of jacked-up but , the special effects were good and it had lots of neat deaths . Definatly worth watching if you like blood .
 This movie is compellingly gripping with horror and suspense.It gets better and better everytime you watch it.It is one of the gorriest movie 's i ever saw in my life.I suggest that anyone who likes sci-fi movies should watch this flick . . As i said Best Horror Movie YetThanks . . Mr.Scott Seymour
 This is a great 80s horror movie , it 's fun and the 95min run time flies by . Filled with good fx , comedy , and action . This movie was also in Fangoria 's 101 best horror movies you 've never seen book sold by Amazon . -LRB- i should get a free dvd for that plug -RRB- So , the plot , A meteor -LRB- or is it ! -RRB- crashes to earth jellylike goo busts out of so called meteor , this goo slithers through anything and attaches itself to humans devouring these humans and getting bigger and bigger . A loner rebel -LRB- Or is he ! -RRB- named Brian Flagg -LRB- Almost as scary as the blob is his mullet -RRB- played by Kevin Dillon -LRB- entourage , platoon -RRB- teams up with hot cheerleader Meg Penny to lead the fight against the BLOB!This movie also was n't as predictable as i thought * SPOILER ALERT * , earlier in the movie a nice waitress Fran gets asked out by equally nice and fair Sheriff Herb Geller . Fran declines cause she has to work , but wait leaves a note on the check `` i get out at 11 '' oooh i ca n't wait . So this is the making of something beautiful right , nope the blob squashes Fran in a telephone booth , and guess who she sees right before this squashing Sheriff Herb , does he blow a kiss goodbye ? Negative he is up in the blob that is about to devour her . At least they do become one.Even before Meg Penny goes on her date with responsible and likeable Paul . He meets her dad and her mom , he 's an established character from the beginning , so he makes it right ? Wrong again , blob food . I knew he was a goner when at the hospital rebel loner Brian Flagg shows his soft side to the bumb and Meg was swooning , it was all over for football player Paul Taylor at that point.Finally the nice priest who makes teens buying condoms at the pharmacy guilty , gets attacked by goo . I know what your saying , stop it , not the priest ... . No , the priest makes it but is that a good thing or a bad thing . . duh duh duh !!! This movie was a blast . So , if you collect dvds , horror , or 80s movies this is a nice add to your collection , it had me wanting to peg my pants , wear skidz , some old air jordans , and shave some lines in my head . It 's also a great remake up there with dawn of the dead -LRB- 2004 -RRB- and cat people -LRB- 1982 -RRB- , i ca n't think of any others off the top of my head .
 1988 's The Blob is a sure horror movie for any type of horror movie fan . And for a remake , it does justice for its original . A feat some remakes never come close to doing . Maybe that 's just my personal opinion , and I stand true to it.The film 's not just an update to the 1958 version of The Blob , it 's more of a different turn on the story . We 're taken to a small town where basically everyone knows everyone . It 's your average day Mayberry type deal . We 're introduced to many residents of the town , but the two main ones are the star cheerleader -LRB- Shawnee Smith as Meg Penny -RRB- and the town rebel -LRB- Kevin Dillon as Brian Flagg -RRB- . When the two cross paths as a result of some of the blob 's terror , we follow these two as they fight for their town and for their lives.The Blob has a pretty equal formula for a great , fun horror movie . Of course for any horror movie , there 's got to be tense scenes . The film has it 's share of some . Most noteable are the whole diner / diner lady chase scene , and the oh-too-great theatre / sewer chase scene . Those two scenes are basically the whole movie , but they make for great viewing ! Not only for the intensity , but for the great shooting and colorizations that are there . And the gore ? Aw man , the gore is plentiful here . We get gooey body parts , the blob engulfing and then melting body parts off , and more of the gooey melted body parts . It 's crazy . Yet not totally overdone . If I dare say , `` tastefully '' done to please any gore fiend . As usual , for any horror movie , we get cliched characters , but they are all handled well here . Shawnee Smith is wonderful as the heroine . She kicked major -LSB- behind -RSB- here . Kevin Dillon is kind of stale at some times in the movie , but he pulls through and makes a viewer happy . The supporting cast have their own little perks.Chuck Russell , director of The Blob , knew what he was doing when he made this movie . And in itself , 1988 's The Blob has become it 's own cult classic .
 An unlikely pair of teens have to work together to save their small town when it is invaded by a deadly , shapeless , oozing visitor from space and a government group with cold-blooded intentions . This remake of the Steve McQueen sci-fi classic from 30 years earlier amps things up with great oldschool special effects and gore , and a story that is familiar but still keeps the surprises coming with its relentless killing spree and conspiratorial twists . That last one could have set up a great `` Son of the Blob '' remake ! A shame it never happened.Directed by Chuck Russell , who co-wrote this Blob remake with Frank Darabont , 1988 's `` The Blob '' is one of the many great horror films to come out of the 80 's for fans of horror/sci-fi films beyond just the popular slasher genre . The cast , headed up by Kevin Dillon and Shawnee Smith , is mostly great . Shawnee 's acting seems rather bland at times , but she never looked better . Also worth mentioning , the reimagined Blob is more lively than ever before , and far more frightening ! If you love 80 's sci-fi horror like the Return of the Living Dead films , Night of the Comet , The Thing , Critters , Chud , Night of the Creeps , and so on , this one belongs in your collection . Too bad the DVD has no real special features beyond the trailer , and whoever put together the front cover imagery and text made it look like a dollar DVD . Do n't worry though , it 's not . This Tri-Star release looks good in its widescreen , anamorphic presentation . Do n't hesitate to pick it up !
 I first saw this film for free on FEARnet a video on demand service available through Cox Digital cable . I watch it and thought it was great , than I saw it again , and once more . Than my friend ordered it on his Netflix and I saw it once more . I have now seen this film six times in the last year and I have not gotten tired of it . On the contrary with each viewing I have grown to appreciate it more and more . I finally broke down and ordered it from Amazon.com two days ago and am looking forward to seeing it again . Bottom line , The Blob -LRB- 1988 -RRB- is an overlooked horror classic on par withDay of the Dead -LRB- Divimax Special Edition -RRB- , John Carpenter ` sThe Thing -LRB- Collector 's Edition -RRB- , andA Nightmare on Elm Street 1-4
 There is nothng more terrifying than watching the young and beautiful destroyed , while being robbed of their lives . Even the concept of what this creature is and the ideas it gives the imagination of what it must feel like to have such a hideous creature , like this , traveling through every orafice of your beautiful body , while it dissolves you as you scream in horrific pain , goes without saying . I 'm sure I 'm not the only one who has thought these thoughts watching this film . But this is what makes for good horror.Most scenes are a result of reverse filming , forward projection work and matt screening as well as latex modeling
 Chuck Russell 's 1988 version of the classic horror film THE BLOB is really less a remake and more what is nowadays called a `` re-imagining . '' Both films have the same fundamental plot
 Perhaps I only love this movie because I happen to find THE BLOB to be the creepiest of all mosters . Shapeless ... . deadly . . consuming all in its path . CREEPY!Just look at the cover to see the kind of carnage you will be seeing in this film . The acting is more than passable for this type of movie , and the comedy is all intentional and kept to a minimum.Russel clearly understands why the blob is so frightening a villain , and he exploits that in gruesome , wrenching horror scenes were characters are entangled and being digested inside of it . The scares are all real and visual based . They arent cheap jump-out-and-go-boo scares , but legitimate , visceral thrills . The music is n't brash shrieking notes just to jolt you , but subdued and suspenseful.Unless you do n't find anything in horror movies frightening , this is a horror movie you SHOULD SEE . I 'm only 17 so I have no nostalgic attatchments to the lame original.For a MONSTER movie that is frightening , not cheap , thrilling , and visceral , THE BLOB is THE movie to get
 This movie is a remake of the 1958 Classic starring Steve McQueen . Kevin Dillon plays his role in this film as the bad boy in town with a rebellious attitude . Shawnee Smith plays the All American Cheerleader and the two of them make an unlikely duo as they try to save the town from the Entity known as `` The Blob '' . This movie also features a very good performance by the late Joe Seneca who I last saw in Crossroads -LRB- The Blues Movie not the Britney Spears busllstuff -RRB- . I give this movie 5 stars because the acting is great and it also has wonderful special effects .
 The rest of the movie will ... ! I 've seen this move a great many times it used to be my all time fav movie at the ripe age of 4yrs -LRB- I 'm now 16yrs -RRB- , and well lem me tell you after not seeing it for a few years then watching it when I was 9yrs -LRB- In broad daylight -RRB- it scared me so much I thought for around 3months while lying in bed at the night , that the blob would drop from the ceiling -LRB- you 'll understand this if you watch the movie -RRB- ... This was one of the first and last horror movies I 'll ever watch . But its worth a watch for horror fans ... It really is a classic , I have n't seen the original version , but the effects in this movies are very good and well gross ... There are several scenes so grossly gory that they will scare the living -LRB- ... -RRB- outta ya !!! Its not really so much the gore that 's scary , but the blob itself , you never know where its gon na be . This movie is full of suspense . But though I watched it many times as a child it is VERY innapropriate for children at that age ... I would n't let them watch it , it 'll prolly give them nightmares ... I wont describe the movie itself , been done to many times ... Just when you watch this do n't expect to much -LRB- Cause if you dom no matter how good a movie is , you 'll prolly be let down !!! -RRB- come in with an open mind and sit back and relax and and enjoy the show !!! God Bless ~ Amy
 A very scary movie about an alien invasion that will be scary for people to watch .
 If your looking for a no-holdem horror movie from the 80 's that just gross , this is your movie , good horror .
 I bought this movie for my husband ; it has always been one of his favorites . I like it , too ! It is a great movie .
 This 1988 version of The Blob is fantastic . I Love this movie so much , words can not describe . Shawnee Smith , Kevin Dillion , Donovan Leitch , erika eleniak , candy clarke and the always georgeou Ricky Paull Goldin are all perfectly cast in their roles . The effects are great . I adore the music . Chuck Russell made the best movie . One of the best movies around .
 This is a major improvement over the original one . The storyline is good as is the acting , actors , dialogue and action sequences with great special effects without all that computer generated nonsense that is plaguing today 's movies -LRB- watch Star Wars-the attack of the clones and you 'll understand what I mean -RRB- . Overall
 This is a great `` drive-in '' style film , similar to the original except that the special effects are much better . Its well worth a look .
 Noted for launching the film career of Steve McQueen , The Blob -LRB- 1958 -RRB- offered a different slant on alien invaders , during an era when there were some pretty wild permutations being presented in the movies . The remake of this science fiction thriller , The Blob -LRB- 1988 -RRB- retains the basic outline of the original story , while updating it for the times , and featuring some impressive special effects and gore . With some gross-out comedy elements , the remake is a fun time , delivering some decent thrills and a few laughs , with teenage kids again as the main characters.A meteor impacts in southern California , near the town of Arborville . An old man living in the woods , is investigating the crash site , when a strange substance gets on his hand and begins to interact with his flesh . High school student Paul Taylor -LRB- Donovan Leitch -RRB- is driving through the woods with his date Meg Penny -LRB- Shawnee Smith -RRB- , when he accidentally hits the old man , who is apparently being chased by Brian Flagg -LRB- Kevin Dillon -RRB- , a classmate with a reputation for getting in trouble.The three kids take the injured man to the hospital , after which Brian leaves . While being treated , the man is partially consumed , as a blob-like creature is released . This creature then absorbs Paul , in front of a shocked Meg , and exits the hospital . The police discount her story about a monster , so Meg seeks out Brian , who is eating at a diner . Meanwhile , the creature has entered the sewer system , and just happens to show up at the same diner for a late night snack . Hiding in a walk-in freezer , Meg and Brian manage to survive , as the creature has an aversion to cold . Eventually they end up at the meteor crash site , and are taken into custody by a government containment team , led by Dr. Meddows -LRB- Joe Seneca -RRB- , who turns out to be your typical mad scientist type.With the basic players established , the story continues incorporating elements from the original story , like the Blob 's appearance at a theater while a movie is playing . The blob then oozes back into the sewer system , pursuing Meg and her brother . The finish is pretty original , as some of the residents have barricaded themselves inside a church . Brian arrives on the scene driving a snow making truck , to try and stop the creature , however things do n't go very smoothly , and only Meg 's quick action helps to avert disaster.There is n't a lot of suspense or sheer terror , but director and co-writer Charles Russell 's -LRB- Dreamscape , Eraser , A Nightmare on Elm Street 3 - Dream Warriors -RRB- remake , is definitely an enjoyable and entertaining ride . The story , co-written with Frank Darabont -LRB- The Mist , The Shawshank Redemption -RRB- is smart , moves along briskly , and holds together very well . The special effects are outstanding , and used well . The film is nicely cast , from top to bottom , with people like Jeffery DeMunn , Sharon Spellman , and Candy Clark , in minor roles . The acting performances by nearly everyone , are excellent for a movie in this genre . The teenagers played by Dillon and Smith , are intelligent , resourceful , and brave . You can totally get behind these characters . There are some occasional missteps , but for the most part this is close to perfection , for a sci-fi B-movie told in a traditional 1950 's style . Unfortunately , besides a trailer , this release offers little when it comes to extras .
 I saw this movie when it first came out in ' 88 , it 's still alot of fun to watch 24 years later .
 Kevin Dillon and Shawnee Smith star in this 1988 sci-fi/horrorremake of the 1958 film . A deadly slime substance from spaceterrorizes a small town . I watched this growing up and alwaysthought it was creepy . This dvd has good picture and sound , but only trailers . If you like good 80 's sci-fi/horror , get this .
 Except that it 's not really a blob , but an amorphous mass of tentacles and some sort of intestines , or maybe they were one of the same . It matters little , since this is no slow-moving Blob , but an intelligent and highly aggressive bio-creature , with the twist of man 's arrogance and stupidity thrown into the mix.I was most impressed with how many `` main '' characters died , and quickly , like the sheriff . That is so much more realistic than a group that escapes death while 100s fall like dead leaves everywhere else.Shawnee Smith was great , beautiful and strong , a true heroine . I was turned off at first by Kevin Dillon here , but he did OK for what was still a replay of his brother 's roles , the rebel tough guy in jeans and trouble with the cops . The obnoxious bald deputy getting snapped in half as he was pulled through a door was a sick but satisfying effect , he was a pig jerk.The ending , like the original , was left wide open for a sequel , but nothing has yet been made . Too bad , they could improve it one more time , esp . in this age of reboot before the first film is out on DVD.Overall , an enjoyable film , and enough evil bad humans died to make it worthwhile .
 Kevin Dillon -LRB- ENTOURAGE -RRB- , Shawnee Smith -LRB- SAW 1-3 -RRB- , Donovan Leitch -LRB- GLORY -RRB- , Jeffrey DeMunn -LRB- THE HITCHER -RRB- , Candy Clark -LRB- Q
 The original filming of ` The Blob ' may have had Steve McQueen but not enough gore and special effects were pretty much still in the stone age.Got to hand it to the new one for having the dissolving bodies , decent creature effects and it allowed Kevin Dillon to make a pay check and quit mooching off his successful brother for awhile.While opening doors for co-star Shawnee Smith who also had a pretty good role in ` The Stand ' by Stephen King and the ` SAW ' movie series .
 this has to be the best remake that has ever been this is by far one of the greatest movies of the 80 's
 We loved this movie so much we stretched the tape ! Now we have it on DVD and the print is perfect . Enjoyed it so much more than the Steve McQueen version ; the cast do a convincing job and there are several hold-your-breath moments . Plus one of my favourite lines of all times from a harrassed mother watching her son suck dessert of a plate , '' Do n't eat with your face ! `` Fast paced , exciting ; little town versus bad scientists and eukky enough for any scifi fan.And with a neat , if predictable , twist at the end.Package arrived quickly and in excellent condition . Thanks guys !
 The original was great . But , this one had so many more special effects . I is really a treat to watch .
 A massive , formless , shape-shifting creature is devouring everything in sight . No , it 's not Kirstie Alley , it 's The Blob!In this 1988 update of theSteve McQueen semi-classic , `` The Blob , '' the titular character descends on a small Colorado town to infringe on its residents ' favorite past-time of trying to get some on the first date . A pretty but tough cheerleader -LRB- Shawnee Smith of `` Saw '' fame -RRB- joins forces with a rebel -LRB- Kevin Dillon -RRB- without a cause -LRB- or apparently a hair-stylist with taste -RRB- in an attempt to save the town from the gelatinous blubber while the government has different plans altogether.Director Chuck Russell and writer Frank Darabont , hot off of the heels of their success with `` A Nightmare on Elm Street 3 - Dream Warriors , '' hit another home-run with their jazzed up improvement on an original . Sure , it 's b-movie material , but it knows it , and the outrageous special effects and disgustingly decadent death scenes are the real stars at hand . While a handful of effects have not aged well -LRB- most noticeably during the finale -RRB- they only serve to add to the charm of the film . This is a true 80 's horror classic , from the not-so-subtlejabs at its own genre to the gruesome mullets that out-gross The Blob itself . From front to back , `` The Blob '' is pure fun that is easy to getsucked into.Now , how about a Special Edition release ?
 The Blob is 1980 's horror at its VERY BEST !!! None of that CGI stuff -- were talking PURE animatronics and puppetry , in full effect!The outcome is a Blob , that to me at least , looks very real -- couple that with the fact that all of the attack scenes and dead bodies were done up with real makeup -LRB- once again , no CGIing -RRB- and we 've got VERY realistic , bloody , scenesI must say that the attacks in this movie are INNOVATIVE !!! Most movies today would avoid showing you what actually takes place -LRB- take The Ring , for example , which cuts away whenever the GOOD stuff happens -RRB- -- The Blob , on the other hand , leaves NOTHING at one 's imagination ... . I recall a scene where The Blob pulls an entire man into a sink drain or when it depresses the entire face of one woman -- seriously , this is some serious attack stuffIs the plot good ? Actually , yes ! I loved the plot ! I do n't wan na give too much away , but I think it very much symbolizes that 1980 's feel of insecurity over one 's own government -- the source of more problems than solutions -LRB- perhaps the filmmaker was a Reagan Republican ? -RRB- and of course , ya got ta love the sultry , Shawnee Smitth!The Blob is significant because , shortly after , most horror movies abandoned puppeteering and makeup , in favor of CGI and graphics -- making The Blob , truly , the pinnacle of what yesterday 's technology could offer -- and in this filmmaker 's opinion , I 'm inclined to say that yesterday 's technology was a lot more fun -LRB- so far -RRB- This movie should be required within every DVD collection , especially horror/scifi ones!Thank you for reading my review and happy buying !
 I am a fanatic for the first , 1950s THE BLOB , as well as the swingin ' , cheeze-log 70s version , BEWARE ! THE BLOB ! . In this 80s update , we get a cheerleader -LRB- Shawnee Smith from Saw -RRB- and a local tough-guy -LRB- Kevin `` Not Matt '' Dillon -RRB- who try to convince the sleepy town of Arborville that a giant alien mass is eating its way through the population . In keeping with the original , no one believes them . This time out , we get the added attraction of a massive government conspiracy ! The best aspect of the new one is its superior SFX , complete w / rampaging protoplasm and its realistically dissolving victims ! My favorite scenes include the `` disintegrating football jock '' , `` man sucked down the sink drain '' `` phonebooth waitress squish '' , and `` imploding dream-date '' sequences ! There are even a few nods to the Steve McQueen version in the meteor , freezer and movie theatre scenes . Co-written by Frank Darabont -LRB- The Shawshank Redemption , The Green Mile , The Mist -RRB- . A worthy addition to the BLOB legacy ... P.S. - It 's always a treat to see Candy Clark -LRB- American Graffiti , The Man Who Fell To Earth -RRB- in anything . Her endearing waitress character is memorable ...
 I first saw this catchy sci fi flick on T.V. a few years back !!! I thought it was another lame movie , but I was wrong !!!! After watchin the 1988 remake of the blob , I was afraid of looking in my room vent for days !!!! From the beginning to the end , THE BLOB will scare the pants off you !!! Such gory and notable scenes such as the man being pulled down the drain scene -LSB- My personal favorite scene -RSB- to the boy in the sewer , this movie is shocking !!! BUY IT !!!!!!!!
 I loved the original `` Blob '' and was kind of skeptical about this remake but was pleasantly surprised at how good it was . The special effects are awesome and -LRB- almost -RRB- rival Jon Carpenter 's `` The Thing '' .
 I thought maybe this was going to be another B-movie remake of a classic with lame affects since it was the eighties . I was extremely surprised to see how real everything looked . the special effects were incredible considering it was somewhat low-bugdet . The underrated actors played good rolls too , especially Shawnee Smith . Donovan Leitch , brief but efficient.When a strange , and mysterious comet suddenly crashes to earth in the outskirts of the small quiet town of Arborville , only four seemingly innocent people have witnessed the scene . When two of them suddenly disappear without a trace , and even more residents of aborville do too , the people who are left know something has to be wrong.Witnesses claim that the meteor that came to earth produced a strange gel substance that sticks to anything it touches . The blob like thing has also been seen devouring people by absorbing , and melting them . As the blob gets bigger , the population of the town gets smaller , and things get even stranger though . Before anyone even knows what 's going on , a shadowy organazation group made up of scientists has been investigating the site where the thing crashed . As the scientists grow even more interested , the Blob grows even bigger , and nothing in it 's path will stop it.I have to say that all the versions of the blob had pretty good special effects for their time . The first was good for thrills , the sequel to the first was good for laughs , and the last one was made for extreme gross outs , and scares . Just make sure no one under the age of 11 sees this version . I saw this when I was merely ten because of the fact that I had seen the original and was interested in the remake . There 's a scene where the underrated Donovan Leitch gets devoured by the blob -LRB- a very subtle image of it on the front cover compared to what really happened in the movie -RRB- and it devistated me for life.As a result , I only saw it one other time , and that was when I was eleven . Not much a difference in the scares , but for about a year , I had to sleep with a blanket over my head to make sure the blob was n't going to ooze out on top of me . I 'm 14 now , but I 'm not really sure I want to take the risk of seeing it again . Those nightmares can be pretty scary . The movies still very vivid to me anyway . Make sure to sleep with your fire extinguisher after watching this movie . You 'll need it .
 Let 's not compare Chuck Russell 's `` revisiting '' of the classic 1958 movie which was one of Steve McQueen 's first starring roles . Thirty years of cinematic improvements make a comparison wholly unnecessary and unfair . THE BLOB , as envisioned by Chuck Russell -LRB- Eraser -RRB- , is a scifi gorefest , with some imaginative effects and its own brand of intense mayhem.A meteor crashes to earth near a small ski-resort town . The kindly old `` can man '' finds the crash site , and plays around with some messy looking stuff oozing from the meteor . This stuff is actually some kind of viral mess that absorbs and spreads like wildfire . One of the main differences in the two movies is that in this version , is the monster from outer space , or ... ha , no spoilers . Suffice to say , things are not what they seem.The cast is a mixture of good performers and adequate ones . Good
 If you 're looking for some top-notch acting ... this is NOT for you . If you 're looking for CGI special effects ... this is NOT for you either . If you 're looking for a killer script ... well , this just may be that `` killer '' script you 're looking for . What THE BLOB definately does have is some fantastic special effects , great shocking moments and one slimmy-mean BLOB.When THE BLOB captures its prey , it is frightening . Not to mention , creepy and graphic -LRB- and I mean it is graphic to the bone -RRB- . I 'm not crazy about some of the clay-mation effects . Thankfully there is n't many of these scenes . Sadly , some of the acting is poor . At times , it just seemed rushed or possibly the director did n't want to shoot some of the scenes over and try to get a better take . However , I 'd say there 's more `` good '' acting then bad . Maybe it 's just an ' 80 's thing ? What really drew me in was how intense THE BLOB scenes were . There 's a very good character build-up and when someone got killed ... I felt it . Many kudos for that . I hate it when a horror flick just kicks right in and starts killing people . Those kind of movies have no emotional tie and really all you 're doing is watching a blood-fest . If I 'm going to watch someone die , there 'd better be emotional tie with a purpose ! THE BLOB has all the purpose in the world , TO GROW!Not a bad popcorn movie ... NOT BAD AT ALL .
 Chuck Russell constructs a great remake of the original and has the audacity to kill off Donovan Leitch -LRB- SP ? -RRB- , the Steve McQueen type hero , all-american boy nearly at the very start . But Kevin Dillon fills in wonderfully as the James Dean rebel without a cause but plenty of clues to help save Shawnee Smith and the whole town from a biological man-made weapon which the secret powers that be want to use to destroy communism forever . The problem with this weapon is that it wants to eat us too so the military and CIA types really anger this thing and it darn near kills off everybody until ... well , the ending is too horrible to be believed ... you 'll have to see it for yourself . This is an excellent remake . Wait ... what 's that ? It 's . . no ! AAAUUUUUGGHHHH !
 I found the 1988 version of the Blob much better than the original because for one , it has spectacular special effects , the best parts are the lady in the phone booth and the guy being pulled down the drain . Using effects makes this Blob alot scarier than the 50 's Blob . I would also take Kevin Dillon over Steve McQueen as a hero anyday . This movie is a must see for horror fans , if not only for the effects -LRB- which will definitely please any gore fans -RRB- See it !
 Breathe , while you still have time to scream . This is a great updated remake of the original -LRB- it 's an `` updated movie '' if 1988 fx can still hold water -RRB- . This is a great substitute for the original since a lot of 50 's movies wo n't hold a new crowd since they generally are black and white , a little too sweet , and have pie plates on strings for UFOs -LRB- thank you Ed Wood ! -RRB- . This one can hold its own . It has violence , but not gratuitous , and some language , again not too much . It also has a nice eery feel and takes place mostly at night . This is definitely one for the teenage horror fan collection that can be taken out and savored every now and then.This one fits in well in the category of John Carpenter 's The Thing .
 Excellent scifi movie . I saw the first version by STEVE McQueen , but this is better -LRB- effects , technology , etc -RRB- .
 This is the kind of horror movie I love . You like the characters , the monster is super cool , and you even get a happy ending ! . I saw this in High school back when it hit theaters , and it has been one of my favorites ever sense . I showed it to my my wife , who hates scary movies , and it scared her to death . Any horror fan probably wo n't be very scared , but this is really a fun popcorn , good time . I would have loved a sequel to this , because every crappy horror seemed to get a sequel , but no . This one will stand alone , and I ca n't recommend this enough . Great , great movie !
 This horror flick is suspenseful , has good dialog , convincing acting , and a good score . The director even provides some drama at times , such as the scenes following the death of the young girl 's boyfriend at her house with her parents .
 This is a perfect example of a horror movie that can only be scary to a child or someone who 's not a regular horror movie watcher.Think about it - a giant blob goes around and kills people . Is n't that funny ? And is n't it even funnier to someone who 's extremely familiar and huge fans of other horror classics such as the Exorcist , or any Stephen King movie ? There 's no WAY someone who 's a big fan of those movies would be able to find any horror in a blob going around attacking people.I remember as a kid I used to pretend my action figures were the victim of the blob on my bedroom floor - the blob being playdoh or silly puddy or something . Ah , I can still remember the smell of playdoh and silly puddy . You never forget it.Anyway , it 's not a scary movie to an adult , to put it simply , but it 's entertaining enough to watch a couple times .
 This is a good remake that sticks mostly to the original story line but adds some good special effects .
 The Blob was an entertaining , yet eventually campy classic . The limited tools for special effects dampered the original but the story and idea was there . Flash forward nearly 30 years later and the folks in hollywood decide to take another crack at it . The result is an entertaining , frightening horror film that feeds to a certain extent on the strength of special effects , but also claustrophobia as well.The story is that a meteorite has crashed landed on earth near a small town . An organizm on the metorite gets loose and attaches itself to a bum passing through . As it slowly eats him it begins to grow and as it grows it starts to eat , preferably people . Eventually it comes down to -LRB- you 'll love this -RRB- a cheerleader and a local rebel to stop it.The reason this movie is great is for numerouse reasons . First the movie realizes that it is campy , and uses it to it 's advantage . It also takes pop culture of that time -LRB- 1980 's -RRB- and pokes fun at it . Case in point is that Slasher films were big then , so what do they do ? They make a scene with a crowded audience watching a really bad slasher film featuring a gardener in a hockey mask using a motorized Hedge Trimmer.The one other area I like about this is the feeling that no one is safe as is demonstrated when a young boy gets absorbed and dissolved by the blob.I ca n't praise this movie enough . Definetly worth checking out if you want a fun campy classic horror film .
 Despite the B-movie budget , The Blob -LRB- 1988 -RRB- is a smartly crafted flick that comprehends the relationship between horror and comedy . With self-effacing in-jokes , clever shocks , and superb effects , it delivers the goods in the form of a genuinely scarey film that 's eager to have fun with its silly premise . Sprinkle in some false expectations about characters -LRB- to misdirect those who 've seen the McQueen version -RRB- and you 've got a movie with some surprises up its sleeve , a movie that works far better than the original . Today , it puts one in mind of a better X-Files episode . Not to be missed by genre aficionados .
 An awesome 80s remake with great special effects . The blob lands in a small town and starts to devour everything in its way especially people . it gets bigger everytime it eats . cool scene with a lady trapped in a telephone booth by the blob . A definite movie if you like horror movies .
 Ok , so it 's not the Steve McQueen version , but this is still a great movie ! It does take gore to a new level , so I do n't recommend watching it during dinner . For the most part , it followed the plot of the original , but then changes from an alien , to something more terrestrial and sinister . The plot then deteriorates to the ol' &#34; Government Cover-Up &#34; ... . Oh well , you ca n't have everything . Still , the effects of this movie make it worth watching . The cover shows what Shawnee Smith -LRB- Meg -RRB- runs into when she attempts to assist her boyfriend . She saved at least a part of him , but the Blob got the rest . The scariest aspect of this movie is how it ends with the crazed minister , and his sermon about Judgement Day - very alarming ... looks like he has a little pet ...
 An amorphous organism comes crashing down to Earth , where it begins absorbing the locals as it grows and grows into THE BLOB ! THE BLOB is reborn using state-of-the-art special effects in the 1988 remake , one of the better Science Fiction films to be remade in the 80 's following John Carpenter 's THE THING . Chuck Russell molds the updated screenplay around germ warfare and Reagan Era politics at the close of the Cold War . The drama unfolds like a bad episode of 90210 for the predominantly teen cast , but that really is n't what the film is about here . It is about melting as many people as possible into slimy goo , and no film does it better than THE BLOB ! Several of the most graphic and shockingly unexpected death scenes from the 1980 's come out of THE BLOB , and no one is safe when the creature consumes men , women , AND children ! We watch as people are liquified on screen , with their arms and faces dripping off from the creature 's acidic jelly . The Blob was brought to life by a young Tony Gardner using an array of inventive practical and visual effects that hold up considerably well even decades after its release . THE BLOB is a good old-fashioned monster movie that has been bloodied up for modern audiences , and it sure is fun to watch ! - Carl ManesI Like Horror Movies
 I 'm almost ashamed to admit I like this version better than the original . This Blob is a bit more aggressive and as such , the suspense jumps a notch or two above the first . You actually get to see the results of being overtaken by the Blob . Fear of the unknown is one thing , but seeing the results of what something can do leaves no doubt . In the first film , the Blob looked like a dab of strawberry jam on the loose . This Blob is n't afraid to show how it absorbs people . It 's also easier to believe the `` kids '' starring in this version are kids -LRB- or thereabouts -RRB- as opposed to the middle-aged teens in the first offering . I also love that this film opens with the suggestion that the city is already a ghost town , devoid of people . There 's just more to consider in this version than the first.I always watch these two films as a double feature , never one , or the other.It 's like the Blob came back with his older brother and he 's going to beat the crap out of you .
 This movie really shocked me by how good it was . I recently re-watched the original Blob movie starring Steve McQueen and was surprised by how hokey it was . Sure it was made on a shoestring budget back in the 50 's , but I remembered seeing it as a kid and thinking it was amazing . I then re-watched the remake and was pleasantly surprised by how well it held up . The effects are a little dated and some of the plot points are sort of goofy , but it 's still a solid flick . I can name maybe a handful of remake/reboots that manage to even be on the same level let alone surpass the original . This movie is up near the top of that list.The story is almost the same as the original . Meteorite lands in small town , man eating alien goo oozes out of said meteorite , several people wind up being devoured by rampaging goo , band of teenagers try to organize townsfolk to fight back against alien menace . There is one notable exception though . There is an explanation about what the Blob really is . Sometimes over explaining a monster takes away from the scare factor , but this time it worked well in the context of the story . It opened a new avenue for the story to go in and essentially created way more hapless victims for the ravenous slime to consume.The 1988 version of the Blob also breaks several horror movie rules . Little kids get eaten , priests get their faces melted , and it 's not the wholesome all American high school quarterback who saves the day but the dirtbag juvenile delinquent that nobody even likes . One other thing that really makes the new Blob a great horror movie is that you actually get to see the Blob kill people , and it is a messy thing to behold . The special effects are still amazingly good for an 80 's era movie . Some of the green screen shots are a little goofy looking , but you 'll barely notice . Along with the impressive effects are some solid performances by the lovely Shawnee Smith who later went on to star in the Saw movies and Kevin Dillon who went on to become Johnny Drama on Entourage . Both lend believability to their roles and have strong character arcs throughout the film.If you 're curious about the Blob movies and have n't seen them yet , I 'd suggest seeing the remake first and if you like it check out the 50 's classic to see where it all started .
 One of the few really good remakes great special effects and writing highly recommend its worth a watch try it
 This movie has plenty of special effects of the blob dissolving people it comes across . A space mission carrying a biological germ warfare test comes back to earth . It carries the results of this test which is the blob . I found the movie to be interesting . I recommend this movie for the special effects alone , plus the plot . It has plenty of people being bent into all kinds of shapes as they are captured by the blob .
 This movie always scared the crap out of me as a kid and most -LRB- but not all -RRB- of the FX still hold up pretty well . If you like creepy , slimy alien creatures this is the way to go .
 I like all the blob movies . The first one from the 50 's is fun , the second from the seventies is also fun and this one is filled with great special effects and is fun.The blob '' is a remake with a satellite returning with a blob that eats anything and grows huge . I did n't like the fact that u.s. military was behind the blob and the lead villian was a scientist instead of the blob . It 's not needed but the overall story is a good one in spite of this . The dvd picture is pretty good too . This one should hit blu ray hopefully someday as it was a A movie with alot of money behind it . And the effects are actually better than if they used cgi overkill , which they do on too many movies these days . Kevin Dillon is a good lead in this one and the rest of the cast does a fine job too . The blob does what you 'd expect here it eats people in very vivid ways and I would say effects wise ; that this is one of the most successful in that regard ever . Get superglooped with this one ! Non horror movie fans should n't bother because you do n't dig the genre anyways .
 Remakes are a touchy subject for todays cinematic connoisseur . If you direct a really good one and it 's popular -LRB- THE HILLS HAVE EYES 2006 , DAWN OF THE DEAD 2004 , THE TEXAS CHAINSAW MASSACRE 2003 , etc. -RRB- , audiences will fondly remember it whenever they 're referring to the original film . Weather or not it tops the original version is irrelevant because the remake did the older one justice . If you direct a really bad one and people hate it -LRB- PSYCHO 1998 , THE FOG 2005 , PROM NIGHT 2008 , etc. -RRB- , critics and fans will be scarred for life.Whenever the topic of the original movie comes up , someone will always mention the fact that there was an awful remake made years later . Like an uninvited guest at a party , these remakes get in the way of any fun and end up annoying everybody in the process . It 's the `` kiss of death '' and a curse of sorts for both films at steak . In a lot of ways , the prospect of a remake could put everything at risk for the current version and it 's originator.The sad part about this concept is how modern society perceives the idea of a `` remake '' today . As if it 's some kind of new offense in the world of cinema . Remakes have been happening ever since film directors could get behind the camera lens . Which is to say a very long time ! Research online has shown me that remakes have been happening as early as the 1930 's ! So it 's not a new concept.These days -LRB- 2011 -RRB- it seems like all Hollywood can do is churn out non stop remakes or `` reimaginings . '' No genre has been untouched by this trend , ranging from Horror to Science Fiction . It 's happening so much now , Hollywood has been labeled as `` running out of ideas '' in terms of stories . Which is sad if you ask me because the idea of a remake -LRB- especially during the mid 2000 's Horror resurgence -RRB- was n't necessarily a bad one . On a rare occasion , an original movie may have been awful in the first place -LRB- Wes Craven 's THE HILLS HAVE EYES 1977 for example -RRB- and a remake could be just what the doctor ordered!However , with every successful remake , film producers will always try and cash in on a fast buck . What started out in the mid 2000 's as a wonderful return for Horror -LRB- thanks in part to some well done remakes and creative new directors -RRB- , quickly became over done and unnecessary . Mainly due to greedy movie producers trying to `` milk the remake cow . '' Part of it comes down to laziness -LRB- nobody has to write anything if the story structure is already there -RRB- and film producers never have to worry about writers striking ever again . In todays economy , the idea of a remake must look very good to these rich , bloated , fat cat , movie producers.With all that being said , remakes were n't always a dirty word . The year 1982 brought us the amazing reimagining of THE THING . John Carpenter did a rare thing by out doing the 1950 's version hands down ! David Cronenberg gave us THE FLY remake in 1986 , doing itself and the original film justice . Many years down the road , new -LRB- and younger -RRB- directors would be adding their own personal stamps on movie reimaginings . Alexandre Aja would grace the world of Horror with his amazing remake of THE HILLS HAVE EYES in 2006 . His version would help kick down the door to `` retro throwback '' Horror in the mid 2000 's . At that point , remakes had n't become over done in Hollywood yet , and it was quite refreshing to see Horror films making a serious come back . These new brutal remakes were fitting in nicely next to movies like SAW and HOSTEL . If you ask me , it was a very good time period!So where does this 1988 version of THE BLOB fit in ? In short , it 's one of the best remakes out there ! I can remember watching cartoons with my younger Brother on TV after school -LRB- THUNDERCATS to be precise -RRB- and while channel surfing , we caught a trailer for the latest remake film THE BLOB . In the preview , the audience watched as a man got sucked down a sink drain by the blob creature ! It was a very effective movie trailer , always sticking around in the back of my mind for many years . As a matter of fact , I still think about that film preview to this very day ! It was hip , dark and haunting all at the same time . In other words , it was THE BLOB for the 1980 's generation ! It worked and the movie is still great today.Plot wise , the 1988 remake is pretty much the same as the 1950 's version . So I wo n't bore you to death with a long winded film synopsis here . Just a quick run down . Basically a shapeless alien creature called `` The Blob '' crashes to earth in a meteorite . This slime like monster breaks out of it 's rock shell and attaches itself to a local homeless man who witnessed it crash to Earth . The Blob absorbs this guy , becoming much bigger in the process . The rest of the movie has The Blob terrorizing a local town by eating people and getting larger each time . It 's a simple story that is effective in 1988 as it was in 1958 . There 's a few new twists for the 1980 's remake , but nothing to ruin the over all plot . If anything , they add to the story and make it even better!What makes this remake work so well is the wonderful production , great actors , brooding music and terrific cinematography . There 's a pre SAW fame Shawnee Smith -LRB- always looking great ! -RRB- playing one of the leads here . Also , the director of this remake -LRB- Chuck Russell -RRB- is the master mind behind the amazing A NIGHTMARE ON ELM STREET 3
 When hearing people swear by the classics of horror while giving newer `` remakes '' the cold shoulder by proclaiming the inferiority of their posturing almost immediately , I oftentimes find myself wondering if they actually watch the movies they make such broad generalizations about before commenting on them . I say this because a movie in the `` reissue phase '' of livelihood will oftentimes find itself with a facelift that will make it a totally different piece for its predecessor , wearing not only a newer cast and script changes but also a new budget and effects to do the idea justice . This , in turn , opens something outdated to an audience that would be turned off to a colorless feature offering inside jokes to a generation they do n't understand , granting them insight to ideas that would otherwise find themselves lost and that might help turn a viewer on to the idea of seeing a classical rendition of something because of a remade influence.Such is the case in this reissuance of The Blob ; a movie that keeps the namesake of something from an earlier era in film when graphic depictions of the horrific and the monstrous themes that empower the needy mind were n't actual allowed - without adopting its stance . In fact , I found it particularly chilling in some instances as bodies were dissolved inside that reddish-hued monstrosity and as some people met their fates in terrible fashions ; an idea that slips well beyond the realm of the campy original and into the glamorous world of the terrible . In it , some people find themselves folded , some crushed beneath waves of gel , and others seem to take the Nestea Plunge into waters hungry with acidic undertones and appetites that make special effects fun . To me , that is what makes this film stand apart from its former titlebearer.The premise of the movie involves a meteorite falling in the woods and someone being around to see it . Drunk and clearly ignorant of the dangers that all movie meteorites keep in their possession , our `` patient zero '' opts to prod at it with a stick until something comes oozing out . Further deciding that a stick would be the best offense to feed curiosity , he finds himself manacled in the lovely embrace of something horrifyingly delicious . Enter the town 's local badboy , his need to play and subsequently wreck his motorcycle throwing him directly into contact with this drunken miser and with his attempts to remedy the invasive organism 's attempt to claim his hand by trying to hack it off ; a plan that does n't hold much in the way of reasoning . This leads to a run toward a nearby road , the introduction of two more of a vast array of characters , and the carting of our friendly organism to the feeding ground called civilization . That 's when the real fun and subsequent government intervention begins.For anyone that likes movies with the dying always in earshot of their otherworldly hero -LRB- or menace , if that 's how you see it -RRB- , a storyline that can make one laugh at its bumbling and at its surprise ending , and that is saturated in gruesome spectacles , then this edition of The Blob is for you . It will not disappoint .
 Emotion and quality are the principal qualities of this fantastic film . Almost every action that made Super Bowl the first one-day sport event in the world is included and can be watched from different angles . Every actors from players to coaches and journalists give their point of view for each unforgettable action . Rare moments of emotion can be shared with them listening to their personal testimonies . Really a must for all football fans and heirs of Lombardi 's magic .
 In this day and age when the majority of movies consist of explosions , profanity , and lame plots , it 's nice to go back a few years and enjoy a film like `` A Time for Miracles . '' Based on the life of Elizabeth Seton , this movie encompasses the difficult aspects of doing God 's Work and accepting the consequences from it . A very young Kate Mulgrew gives a believable performance as Elizabeth , although her old-age make-up lacks considerably . John Forsythe and Lorne Greene also star rounding out a rather high caliber cast for a work of this nature .
 I thoroughly enjoyed this movie of the life of Elizabeth Ann Bayley Seton , America 's first native-born saint . It is very well done and is well suited for family viewing as few films are today.While the movie is pleasant and easy to watch , there certainly is suffering in Mother Seton 's life when she is widowed while so young and later loses two of her children . She was a great example to those who knew her . Mother Seton died in 1821 at the age of 46 , only sixteen years after becoming a Catholic . She was canonized on September 14 , 1975 .
 This movie shows the hardship that Catholics had in the early 1800s . It shows , as well , that a determined believer can reach to one 's goal of helping the public by educating their children and instilling in them the goodness that pays at the end .
 The story was very close to St. Elizabeth Ann Seton 's life . I would highly recommend this DVD to anyone who wants to know more about this American saint 's life .
 I highly recommend this movie . This is something to watch over and over.When watching religious movies , I watch carefully that their demonstrating traditional ways and this movie is . It keeps very close to her life and does n't add false information as in some .
 This is a beautiful , authentic , and engaging movie about an average American woman who became the first native-born canonized saint of the Catholic Church on these shores . It 's really quite amazing how this ABC television special avoids all of the usual pitfalls of religious films . There is nothing hokey , false , or laughable about it . Although the budget is clearly modest , relying heavily on a narrator to move the action along , this film is neither overlong -LRB- clocking in at 97 minutes -RRB- or boring . Kate Mulgrew does an amazing job of conveying the deep serenity and selflessness that Elizabeth Seton endured amidst the great sufferings of her life -- and she does it in a tender and understated way that makes Seton 's strong faith come alive in a very relatable way . This movie celebrates love over egoism and it is a quiet tear-jerker that will stay with you for a long time after you see it .
 This is one of the better CG videos out there . The grafix were fresh and original . However the music could have been better . My suggestion would be to play something from your own selection when watching this DVD . Having said that , I feel this DVD is a good buy for any fan of CG video .
 If you 're not into metaphysics -LRB- and I mean really into it -RRB- then abandon all hope of understanding the images in this video . However , if you 're into Gnosticism , you 'll absolutely love it . ` Nuff said .
 I must admit I bought Caught Between Worlds because of the cover with the gorilla amongst the man-made `` stuff '' ... but have since completed the Trilogy with The Call and Dementional Connections . This Trilogy does not deserve the harsh criticism from some of the reviewers . Granted , the music is not a favorite , but it `` goes '' with the animation , which I think is very good because , with all it 's complexities , it flows well.I 'm interested in art , animation and computer graphics . And am disappointed in the computer industry 's desire -LRB- and the sheep mentality -RRB- to turn the internet into a smaller TV-Land/Photo-Op media . Art is unique and individual - Caught Between Worlds is good art , probably the `` prettiest '' of the 3 . The Call is difficult -LRB- a man may not think so -RRB- , but worth the price for the title chapter , alone . Do buy because you will be given a `` visual '' experience with `` more '' in each viewing ... and ... it 's thought provoking .
 3 Movies For Less Than The Price Of 1 ! , Triple Feature DVD Was Brand New!When I Purchased It ! , What A Great Deal ! , A +
 Length :
 this movie is one of a kind it was very deep and moving high school girl falles hoplessly in love with town rock star who has had every willing girl in town but she changes him then says good bye .
 This three-part miniseries is based on the book written by Catherine Cookson
 A must see film ! A few changes from the book but the characters and plot are wonderful ! Hannah -LRB- Siobhan Flynn -RRB- you just root for from the begining to end . Hannah grows from a meek young girl to a splendidly beautiful woman . She overcomes many hardships and challanges in her quest for happiness . Ned Ridley -LRB- Jonathan Cake -RRB- is the very handsome and proud `` bad boy '' you just ca n't help but fall in love with . Who , unknown to Hannah , is her `` knight in shining armor '' . The settings , costumes and scenery are beautiful as are Ned and Hannah ! The English countryside is just breath taking in the film . All the cast is very convincing in their roles in the film . But , in the end , it 's the casting of Hannah and Ned that makes you want to meet Siobhan Flynn and Jonathan Cake . I loved their preformance .
 This is a wonderful period peice with romance and adventure . It follows a young girl from the dealth of her mother to woman hood . It is a wonderful adaption and if you like period romances I could n't recomend it high enough .
 You could hear a pin drop throughout the whole movie . In her older years she finally found true happiness . We shall watch it over and over . You can always find something new in Catherin Cooksons novels and movies .
 Wow - this movie is just fantastic . Siobhan Flynn is amazing as Hannah . She is beautiful , passionate and wonderful and you find yourself hoping she will find happiness in this epic story that keeps you on the edge of your seat . Siobhan Flynn just tears up the screen and makes it look easy the whole time as the young girl in love . Miss Flynn is obviously destined to be a great star .
 This movie was one of the best that I have seen lately . Hannah was just a character that you loved . She was wonderful when she realized that she loved Ned . Ned was just so tormented in the beginning and transformed by his love for Hannah . I just wich I could find the book to read .
 Old fashioned storytelling in a movie . I recommend all the Catherine Cookson videos or DVD 's . They are better -LRB- better at keeping you interested -RRB- than most Hallmark movies . Of course Masterpiece Theater movies are even better and richer . Hottie Nathaniel Parker is in one of these movies , and other hunkie British men are in the others .
 Although the DVD I watched was in German without English sub-titles , the narrative was easy to follow . The songs were pleasant , and the comedic skills of the cast -LSB- especially Martha Eggerth and Alfred Abel -RSB- very entertaining . The visual style of Sirk 's direction is enhanced by brilliant camera work . Hopefully ZU NEUEN UFERN will return to DVD distribution , as well others of his early films.Kingsley Canham , Norwich , United Kingdom
 The Great Minds of American History boxed set is a must purchase for both the serious student , and armchair historian . The presenters , along with host Roger Mudd , are personable , communicative , and most importantly outstanding historians in their respective fields . I particulary like the parts in the Civil War video where Jim McPherson compares/contrasts leaders of the Union and the Confederacy , and the the World War II and Post War video where Stephen Ambrose talks about his relationship with Eisenhower . Buy this boxed set ! You will watch it many times .
 The collected second season of Ian MacKintosh 's brilliant , cerebral spy series of the late 70 's . Opening exactly one year after the devastating events of `` Special Relationship , '' Neil Burnside -LRB- Roy Marsden -RRB- is more determined than ever to keep his three-man Special Section - nicknamed THE SANDBAGGERS - alive ... literally and figuratively . His record 's not too good lately , with three Sandbaggers dead in eighteen months , qualified replacements scare , and departmental shake-ups threatening to cut his funding . More isolated than ever , the last thing Burnside wants is another agent killed in the field.But preventing it will be far more difficult than he expects . High-level kidnappings , hijacked planes and ops behind the Iron Curtain pepper these episodes , but the meat of the series takes place in the dully painted rooms of the SIS itself , where rival agencies clash with each other and good politics is the ultimate survival skill -LRB- `` Operation Kingmaker '' in particular is the epitome of the show 's Talk-As-Action approach -RRB- . Once again Marsden turns in a riveting performance , elevating what at first glance seems like a low-key series into a dynamic , involving experience . As Burnside he does despicable things , abuses subordinates mercilessly and manipulates people shamelessly , and yet always comes across as a good man ... one dedicated to a job that requires flexible morals and no scruples.The writing by series creator Ian MacKintosh , himself a former Intelligence officer , is complex but accessible , and full of tart gibes and ripostes , gleefully breaking conventions -LRB- Burnside is the first teetotaler spymaster in history , forever drinking Coke -RRB- everywhere possible . Even longtime fans occasionally forget how Funny the series can be at times , if you 're paying attention.But make no mistake
 Set 2 of THE SANDBAGGERS series is perhaps a cut above Set 1 - therefore , 4.5 stars.We rejoin the career of Neil Burnside -LRB- Roy Marsden -RRB- , the lonely , driven , insubordinate and brilliant Director of Operations for Britain 's Secret Intelligence Service -LRB- MI6 -RRB- . Neil 's fiefdom is small but crucial . He controls the `` Sandbaggers '' , a select group of agents , no more than two or three , who are always on call to race to global points of crisis in MI6 's struggle with the KGB and set thing aright . And sometimes they fail . However , this British television miniseries , which aired in 1978 and 1980 , is not so much about Burnside 's war with foreign adversaries as with those in London - his own boss , SIS Deputy Chief Peele -LRB- Jerome Willis -RRB- , and the craven politicians in Whitehall and Number 10 Downing Street.Of the six episodes in the set , perhaps the best is `` At All Costs '' , wherein one of Neil 's two Sandbaggers is caught in an espionage sting in Bulgaria , wounded by gunfire , and now lying alone , bleeding , and paralyzed in a Sophia safe house . For all his faults , Burnside is 100 % committed to the safety of his agents . So now , in company with his last remaining Sandbagger , the Director takes the dangerous course , much to the keen displeasure of Peele and the Foreign and Commonwealth Office , of going behind the Iron Curtain to Bulgaria 's capital to get his man out.I consider the least deserving episode is `` It Could n't Happen Here '' , which perhaps reflects the British scriptwriters ' overly dramatic and sensationalistic view of America 's penchant for guns and political assassination . In any case , Neil 's CIA London colleague , Jeff Ross -LRB- Bob Sherman -RRB- , who is usually quite level-headed , now comes across as a wild-eyed conspiracy theorist with the FBI as the Machiavellian villains . And U.S. senators drop like flies . To me , the episode was over the top.In the last episode , `` Operation Kingmaker '' , the MI6 Director General -LRB- `` C '' , Richard Vernon -RRB- is forced into retirement with health problems . While considering his own career prospects and the fate of his department , Neil must now conspire to back the least unpalatable of two possible successors to C 's chair . And no matter who gets the Prime Minister 's nod , it 's going to be dodgy going for Burnside in Set 3 . Marsden 's Burnside is one of the most intriguing protagonists in recent memory . Undeniably wily and capable , he 's also cold , ruthless and conniving . He 's definitely the man you 'd want running special operations for your government 's foreign intelligence service , especially if you 're the agent at the sharp end , but not a snake you 'd want slithering through the grass at your garden party.THE SANDBAGGERS is first rate entertainment . I look forward to viewing Set 3 , the last , but shall be saddened when it 's over .
 The high quality of Sandbaggers 1 is totally maintained in Sandbaggers 2 . The acting is superb , the director holds a tight rein with his cast and knows how to work with the story , and the screenwriter continues to bedazzle -LRB- he will depart us in the next series -LRB- 3 -RRB- when he mysteriously disappears with pilot and plane over the wilds of Alaska , although 3 of the episodes will still have his artistry -RRB- . I do not know if Roy Marsden received any award for this series , but he certainly should have . I ca n't think of a more apt word to describe his performance than `` Perfect . '' And I do not use that word loosely.And so we get to know his character , Neil Burnside , better and better . And we find that here is a man who will sacrifice anything in life , including those he loves most and his own character as a human being -LRB- and one does not doubt that even his own life may be added to this list -RRB- for his mission , a free world which at that time was threatened by the Soviets . And Willie Cane , excellently played by Ray Lonnen , stays very close in his shadow . Are these men extreme idealists -LRB- even heroes -RRB- , or do they share a brutal psychopathology ? Perhaps both ? It is for the viewer to surmise.So hold on to your living room chair , and keep a strong stomach , especially during the first episode , and the remaining episodes will continue to grasp your attention unto the final one , the most ironic of all of them . It 's worth the ride to see one of the finest espionage series of all time .
 This series is a must for those serious spy show fans . It is quite true to life and not for the weak . Roy Marsden is fabulous as the coldhearted Neil Burnside and Ray Lonnen is marvelous as Sandbagger # 1 . The whole cast has wonderful chemistry and the scripts are well written . Good television viewing for the intelligent .
 James Bond-like portrayal of the intelligence business may have broken new ground in its time , but the Sandbaggers series paints Bond into a corner as pure fantastic escapism . Rather , the reality of the business is continual risk-taking , running through mazes whose wrong paths can be deadly , lack of support or understanding from those who most benefit from actions taken , a steady stream of surprises any of which might be the last , and yes , complete disavowal of one 's mission should it fail . The dialogue was written by intelligent people for like types , and while episode quality varies from B -- to A , each one has its poignant message -LRB- s -RRB- as well as drama . Overall , one of the better picks for action/drama , though you will never see Bond in the same light again .
 As understated and gritty as only British drama could be , The Sadbaggers series is an excellent view into Cold War politics from the sharp end . What is lacking in special effects and the glitz associated with Hollywood productions is more than made up for by stellar performances by Roy Marsden and Ray Lonnen . Written by a former British intelligence agent who mysteriously disappeared during the run of the series , bringing it to an untimely end , the series takes a fingernail-chewing , edge-of-your-seat look at the men , and women , who were on the front lines of British foreign intelligence . A must see for fans of BritDrama and Cold War intrigue but it may , honestly , disappoint viewers who are expecting The Hunt for Red October or the escapism of James Bond .
 You ca n't imagine how excited I was to hear that `` The Sandbaggers '' was gloriously released on DVD ! I hope that now this program will receive the long-awaited praise and recognition it richly deserves . Rarely do we see a TV show that recognizes that there are intelligent people out in the audience . `` The Sandbaggers '' did just that , with excellent writing , excellent acting -LRB- Roy Marsden is brilliant ! -RRB- , and excellent direction.I first came across `` The Sandbaggers '' when I was in junior high in the early 90 's -LRB- I 'm now 23 -RRB- . I absolutely loved staying up late at night to watch the PBS Mystery programs on Fridays . Back then , I 'm sure most of the dialogue and plot went over my head , but I still enjoyed the show.An exceptional show such as this might tempt people to do a remake of the series , but let 's stop that thought right there . This program 's a classic . Let 's not tamper with greatness.Due to the poor quality of the original material , the sound slightly fades in and out throughout the DVD series , but do n't let that stop you from buying this gem .
 This story was written by a person that served in MI6 . This makes it very realistic . This includes the politically skilled but espionage incompetent upper management that hamper the effectiveness of the agency . -LRB- Called toadies in British slang . -RRB- It also includes morally grey area operations and the ambiguous situations the agents have to make decisions in . There is a minor problem in the occasional interjection of very biased political statements in the character 's mouths by the author . This usually occurs in contrived situations that would not happen in real life.The writer disappeared without a trace after the 3rd season and so there was no 4th season . The last episode had to be written in an ambiguous way to connect with either no 4th season or with one .
 `` At All Costs '' alone is worth the price of this set . If you love TV which features crisp dialog , cunning expository writing , and flambouantly theatrical acting , this is for you .
 David Swenson is an amazing Ashtanga practitioner . This is a nice compliment to the standard practice which can be physically intense with daily practice .
 This DVD brings back these three movies exactly as I remember them . I was not yet born when these movies debuted on the silver screen , however ... my memories of these movies is from when I was a child , watching them on late-night television with my grandmother . Since then , I have been a fan of Basil Rathbone and enjoy his rendition of the infamous resident of 221B Baker Street . These movies are original material -LRB- as opposed to , say , The Hound of Baskervilles which is adapted from Sir Arthur Conan Doyle 's writings -RRB- but still capture the epitome of Sherlock Holmes.The quality of the reproduction certainly is not perfect . However , if you remember watching these movies on television as I do , then you will be familiar with the quality of the film . The sound is a little scratchy , and the picture is a little grainy , but the movies are viewable and very much enjoyable . If you remember these movies , you will not be disappointed by this DVD . If , however , you are looking for adaptations of original Conan Doyle material , you may wish to look to the Jeremy Brett renditions .
 Many people , especially those who grew up during the 1930s and 1940s , have fond memories of Basil Rathbone 's famous Sherlock Holmes series . My own exposure to the popular series came in the 1970s , when I encountered them on the late-late show ; `` The Scarlet Claw '' was a particular favorite . Unfortunately , few of these films have ever been released to the home market in either VHS or DVD , and those that have reflect their need for serious restoration . This is particularly true of the films seen here . Although not unbearably fuzzy , the pictures are far from being crisp and clean , and the sound is occasionally problematic.DRESSED TO KILL finds Holmes investigating three mysterious music boxes -- and events quickly turn to murder . Of the three films , this is the weakest
 Best for price and best for quality!Black and white imaging better than expected considering the movie negatives were made in the 1940s -LRB- thats 60 years ago ! -RRB- . I almost did n't buy after the critical review of the alternative -LSB- current cost -RSB- set -LRB- which includes only 1 more movie -RRB- . But this set is super and will be appreciated by any fan of the original Holmes and Doctor Watson .
 I adore every one of the old Holmes/Watson films with Basil Rathbone and Nigel Bruce . I thought they were perfect for the parts , and Nigel Bruce was just an endearing Watson . If you are into the Master , and do n't take yourself too seriously , these are fun to watch . I only wish that there were more of them for us to enjoy . On the down side , do not expect great quality from these films because it is n't there . Sadly , these are falling apart , so there may not be any more of them in the future , unless someone makes an investment , and restores them . Even though they are only `` acceptable '' visually , these are wonderful slices of cinematic entertainment . Rathbone 's arch , tongue in cheek Holmes , and Bruce 's endearing , bumbling , and smug Watson are too good to pass up . I watched these as a child , and so for me , there are no other actors who could come close to these guys . Watching Watson bumble around , gives you an understanding of what an upper class twit is , and how they lost the empire !
 A train is speeding from London to Scotland , a murderer is on board , and someone has just stolen famous the Star of Rhodesia . A bizarre series of murders , a secret society of hypnotists , and professor Moriarty is the prime suspectsuspect . Musical boxes containg hidden codes , their owners turning up dead , and the prime suspect is already behind bars . The plots are fantastic , the villians so colorful , the chemistry so perfect ... the deduction so inevitable -- it could only be Holmes and Watson as portrayed by the incomparable Basil Rathbone and Nigel Bruce . These are three of the better known entries in the series of fourteen films Rathbone and Bruce made together . The prints are good , the sound clear , and the DVD quality is a slight improvement over the VHS versions . The bonus material on this DVD is n't as extensive as any fan of the series will hope for -- There is scene access -- bios of the stars and Sir Arthur Conan Doyle - Selected filmographies -- a few background stills -- original poster art is reproduced on the package , and some interesting trivia is included . Still , it 's a treat having these films on DVD , and lets hope the rest of their classic films make it onto this format .
 I love these old films . And scince I only buy DVD 's -LRB- no VHS for me -RRB- there are very few choices to make . The distributors did a reasonable job . Sure the sound is not that great but I can still here what the 're saying.Rathbone plays a great Holmes but I think Jeremy Brett actually plays him more true to Doyle 's characterisation . I still like to watch Basil do it though.This one is in my library to stay . Thank God someone saved these before they really got bad .
 I really enjoy this video . It is exciting . The sound quality is not the greatest but the picture quality is fine . Dressed To Kill / The Woman In Green are great movies . I just started watching some of Terror By Night and it looks so good so far .
 I was so very pleased with the quality of the films on this DVD . There is a disclaimer in the beginning saying the quality may not be as good as expected but it was better then I expected . The sound quality is very good and the picture quality is very good . I would recommend this DVD to anyone who enjoys the old Sherlock Holmes films .
 The price / quality ratio is here perfectly balanced . The pic / sound quality is definitely not very good , but then , I have never seen any of the Rathbone 's Holmes series in any sharper image ; ... By the way , if you are not familiar , the films themselves are quite stupid , with little bearing to the literary Holmes . Still , they are quite moody as such .
 This excellent video contains 3 of best episodes featuring the character Goober played by George Lindsey on the Andy Griffith Show.It is highly recommended !!
 A really fun collection of `` Rockabilly '' from some of Rock 'n' Roll 's best ! Lemmy and company rule here . Get this DVD today !
 Every once in a while Art speaks for itself , something that transcends into experience . This is one I highly recommend . The warmth in the performance by Bryan Pezzone , who is widely recognized as one of the single most gifted musicians of the times , breathes from the first note to the last . Of the many remarkable things about this performance , I particularly admire how genuine it is , passionate , gentle , selective -LRB- yet spontaneous -RRB- , lyrical , profound -LRB- can go on -RRB- , is a nicely balanced mix of classical works with improvisations and Pezzone 's compositions , and with this technology , feels like he is sitting right next to you ... it embodies traditions that rarely occur anymore ... there are no edits in the performance , it was done in a single , inspirational take - think back to early 20th century recordings , where you had one shot in a concert hall - go back further to the performances of some of the most significant composers of all time -LRB- Bach , Mozart , Beethoven , Liszt ... -RRB- who believed improvisation was elemental , and improvised regularly in serious concert environments . Bryan does this here -LRB- and as a rule in his career -RRB- , and creates a tapestry of musical wealth . Too often these days , this ability is lost in the rigidity of technicians , where the goal is note-perfection at the expense of depth and soulful communication . But any musician who has had the pleasure of working with Pezzone can attest to his extraordinary skill with literally any style of music , his ability to imbue compositions with an enormously wide spectrum of colors -LRB- which Waldrep captures amazingly well ! -RRB- . Where most recordings feel like a photograph of a performance , THIS feels like you are right there , in the moment , experiencing the concert live.The quality of the video is spectacular , brilliant clarity of both sound and image . The technology is VERY impressive , breathtaking results . The stage is beautifully set . The extras on the disc are not to be missed , including a one-hour interview with Pezzone , which is brimming with life and insight.Elegant in every sense . Bravo !!
 Bryan Pezzone on PianoThis live performance by Mr. Pezzone of works of Mozart , Elgar and his improvised variations on `` We Shall Overcome '' by Berceuse are all exciting , emotional yet never excessive . Recorded without anaudience , it is acoustically a joy to listen to alone or with others that treasure classical piano thatis music raised to a level of majestic .
 I played the disc on 2D bluray.My receiver -LRB- Denon 4310 -RRB- support the DOLBY TrueHD , but unfortunately theDOLBY TrueHD `` stage '' & `` Audiance '' on the disc were recognized `` only '' as Dolby Digital.Nevertheless , the sound was great.Interview of 60 minutes -LRB- bonus video -RRB- is too long.Extending the paying duration is preferred.bottom line - BUY IT !!!
 Beauty is often thought of as the synthesis of form , balance of elements , clarity of emotions , and technique that is so sophisticated in its simplicity that all the parts that make up the whole disappear in the service of creating a space for the pure integrity of emotion . Few artists accomplish this as it involves being open in such a truthful way that the artist is both wholly and ruthlessly present while simultaneously being a background object who opens as a vehicle for direct emotional connection to the listener/viewer . Bryan Pezzone 's artistry , technique and emotional depth co-operate at this level as he seamlessly moves from interpretations of pieces that are well-known , into his own compositions and improvisations . Similarly , the technical production by Mark Waldrep is so expert and sensitive that one is allowed to become totally immersed in the musical experience.As music is considered to be the art of time and a representation of the emotional quality of the subjective , one could say that music is lived time made audible . Kairos means time as flux ; a confluence and coexistence of past memory , present perception and future desire simultaneously . Kairos also means `` right timing '' and `` right place '' - a way of talking about an intuitive synchronous coincidence . This extraordinary visual/audio Blu-ray allows us to enjoy the coming together of artist and music , facilitated by the musical sensitivity of the director and the exceptional quality of the technology.Proust describes music as having the power to see with other eyes and says that it enables us to have something approaching `` the communication of souls '' . Mr. Pezzone 's beautiful music fulfills this through his artistry in this mysterious , complex , and ambiguous creation through which time and space are made clearly perceptible to the heart .
 I 'd never heard of Bryan Pezzone before purchasing this Blu-ray . That being said , the performance here is wonderful . He takes classical masterpieces and puts a new spin on them , breathing new life into already wonderful pieces . His playing is refined and not at all showy . His own compositions might be classified somewhere between jazz and new age.While one reviewer bellow called it `` backround music '' , I beg to differ . Not often do you see a musician with a background in jazz and classical , fusing the two in a unique way.Relaxing , yes . Background music , no.As far as the technical side of things is concerned , the producers have done an incredible job recording this performance . Listening to both surround mixes was quite an experience . It was hard to choose between the stage mix and the audience mix . Both sounded very life-like . While I do n't have a 3D television , the video looked fairly good , even though I noticed a bit of pixelation.I hope this paves the way for more blu-ray releases of solo piano music . Well done , AIX !
 Bryan Pezzone is showcased in this latest release from AIX Records . Bryan 's playing on this is amazing . It is definitely and aural pleasure to sit down and listen to this great player . AIX has captured the piano so precisely in this Blu-ray , it makes you feel like you are there with Bryan as he is playing . The 3D video is absolutely stunning as well . AIX has nailed it on this release . With products that are this good , i will definitely be a returning customer and this album is HIGHLY recommended .
 I 'm the producer of the Bryan Pezzone project and could n't feel better about the expressive nature of Bryan 's playing . In fact , it was a track from this recording -LRB- the incredibly beautiful Berceuse -RRB- that Dolby Labs selected for inclusion on their most recent sampler , which also includes tracks from the San Francisco Symphony and others . His sensitivity and range of expression is impressive in a wide span of musical genres ... including traditional classical repertoire . But it is his unique ability to improvise that elevates Bryan beyond most other pianists including those with much more celebrity ! His variations on `` We Shall Overcome '' is a expression of true genius . The rest of the disc expands on his ability to craft unique music from familiar compositions.I first met Bryan at Cal Arts when he was hired as one of the piano faculty . I was a recent graduate of the program having studied with Mel Powell and Morton Subotnick . Cal Arts , especially in the 1980 's , was one of the foremost centers for contemporary music . Annually , we would put on a festival that drew Babbitt , Reich , Adams , Xenakis , Stockhausen and many others ... and Bryan would perform as part of it ... to great acclaim and fabulous reviews . As a junior member of the composition faculty , I was thrilled when Bryan agreed to perform a work of mine -LRB- `` Piano Maps '' for MIDI piano and spatializer -RRB- at the 1989 New Music America Concert in New York City . His playing was superb and the resulting review is a cherished part of my past.The opportunity to include Bryan in our 3D music sessions in June of 2010 was also a great thrill . He brought along another project because he is a member of Free Flight , James Walker 's classical/jazz fusion ensemble . His performances on both this project and the Free Flight disc are nothing short of astounding , which is why he is in such demand on both coasts -LRB- a recent concert series in Martha 's Vineyard with another AIX Records performer Delores Stevens is proof enough of his caliber of playing.This is not a typical classical piano production . This project is not a technology experiment . This project captures a truly rare artist that transcends the normal stereotypes long associated with classical piano playing . But in the end , Bryan is an extraordinary talent ... and he has been since I first met him way back in 1987 . It is unusual for me to spend much time listening to my own work after I have completed them . But I can tell you that I use this particular disc quite often to unwind and drift off ... soncially . The Berceuse is particularly suited to this task.I 'm particularly proud of the sound of the piano in this recording . For Bryan to come to my studio and tell me that he 's never heard his playing reproduced with such accuracy and involvement is a great compliment . I strive to bring my experience with music , sound and technology to each project . As many audio engineers will tell you , it is very difficult to capture the majesty of a grand piano with its 88 notes , hundreds of strings and infinite variety of tonal variations . As with all AIX Records projects , we DO NOT master them . The timbral palette that comes from this particular Steinway Model D 9-foot instrument is left completely in tact . I do not advocate the use of dynamics or EQ on any of my projects . The true to life nature of the sound on this project is the result of a great player , a great instrument and a great chain of audio equipment . If and when you hear it , you 'll know.Finally , the disc does include video . In this particular case video in 3D . The stage is dressed with carpet , a backdrop and a lovely glass vase with gorgeous red flowers . The serenity that flows from the layout of the stage and the combination of wood and metal are completely consistent with the over concept of the project . Of course , the video is the bonus feature on all of our projects regardless of whether they are 2D or 3D or HD or SD . If you like to watch a wonderful player then great ... enjoy the video . If not , then there 's a button on your remote called `` Pure Audio '' that turns off the video and plays just the 5.1 surround music.I love to hear from customers and if you experience this disc -LRB- you can check out a video on YouTube -RRB- , please feel free to contact me . I work very hard to make products that no other company does or can . It 's seems to be working because a recent review summed up by saying , `` what can I say about an AIX Records project that has n't already been said ... this is audio perfection ! ''
 This is an amazing example of Bryan Pezzone 's talent . This video takes all your senses and treats them to an experience rarely seen or felt . If you love beautiful music played by one of the masters of our time , you must own this brand new DVD . ~ k
 If you like campy , independant horror flicks , you should enjoy this one . Not too cheesy and not too serious - The acting is pretty good and the special effects are decent . The storyline is fairly well-developed for a movie of this nature . I thought the ending was very good . Also reccommended
 I do n't understand why people are knocking this picture.Five minutes into it , I knew I was n't watching a straight horror film ... but a clever black comedy.The writer-director and the actors are playing this one strictly tongue-in-cheek ... and they make it work.And , for those people who did n't `` get it '' while watching the movie , the Coda at the end was designed to let them in on the joke.Too bad they were n't astute enough to realize that .
 Michael Druxman has created a great ride for his audience with `` The Doorway . '' A great thriller mixed with black comedy . A welcome rebirth of the scary films of the 1950 's . Don Maloney brought a comedic break to this supernatural thriller which made for a great balance . I found `` The Doorway '' to be a very entertaining independent film . It 's a great addition to my existing film collection .
 Even though this is n't usually my favorite type of movie , I was asked by a friend to watch it with him and was more than pleasantly surprised at how good The Doorway really is . The characters were three-dimensional and did not seem to be put into the action for the sole purpose of being killed . The frightening moments made me jump , but the black humor made the entire movie watching experience an enjoyable one . I just do n't plan to go into the basement alone for quite some time ! Condsidering the usually restrictrive nature of the genre , Mr. Druxman has created a surprisingly intelligent horror film that expects the audience to have a higher than room-temperature IQ .
 this has the 1980 's horror film type , oppossed to the 1990 's or 2000s . i think this movie was pretty good but not that great . The last demon in the movie didnt look very scary . i think that they should have used some special effects to make his eyes glow or burn or something to make him look more scary . it was pretty obvious it was a person inside . i know theres no such thing as a demon , but they could have at least tried to make it LOOK real . i didnt like the `` cheap '' way they ended the movie . instead of the actors acting out the ending scene . . instead it is written and the viewer has to READ the complete ending . i watched this movie with my parents cuz i didnt think it had nudity . running into TRICK horror movie covers in the 90s , i didnt think the cover would give as promised . if u are experienced with 1980 horror flicks , then you can tell that the cover of this vhs tape , had nudity in it . they had some really good looking girls here too . at the beginning , this movie was more funny than scary for the first . . 10 mins of the movie . i think it has a little bit of everything . and based on the reviews i seen on amazon , i have to tell one thing to most of the reviewers that say bad things about movies with even just one scene of nudity . i dont see ANYTHING wrong about having nudity in a movie . i cant understand how nudity can make a movie horrible
 The number one movie ever . The guy who plays Charlie is brill . People should give an actor of his range , excellance and spelling ability more work .
 This video is an excellant video for new Moms and Dads , and in addition for anyone who will be helping with the newborn , to give Mom and Dad a break . The only drawback I found with the video was the length of the video . I wished it had gone into more detail , most specifically caring for the crying baby , and also , care of the baby up to 6 months . However , I can find no fault in this being a beginners tool for learning , and also , a refresher for us who have not taken care of an infant in many years . I purchased this video for first time parents . I wanted to watch it before giving it to make sure it would be something I would be glad to give as a present . I am glad and the parents were very happy to receive . See visually is great because reading is good but for those who are visual people , the instructions from this video will be more helpful . A great gift idea .
 I bought this video for my eight-year-old daughter simply because she 's so crazy about babies , and loves to see anything having to do with their care . Except for the close-up of that yucky tarry meconium being passed , it was a big hit . Info on bathing , diaper changes , feeding - she loved it . For most new parents -LRB- and certainly those who would be information-hungry enough to pay $ 20 for a video -RRB- , most of the information was a little too simplified . Also , maybe it was just my copy , but some of the audio is fuzzy and tough to hear .
 I 've really enjoyed the series thus far ... I 'm hoping there will be a fourth disc . I think if you like the The Devil May Cry , then this should be one to add to your list .
 The DVD was good , Jiro could piss you off for his short-sightedness and selfishness these episode . His lil brother is great though and makes good friends with Zelman -LSB- oddly enough -RSB- whether or not it was plot of a bigger plan we 'll never know as the series was n't finished . -LSB- Sad enough -RSB- The last episode leaves you with the emptiness that there should be more , but unless the creators work for another company this is the end of the Silver Blades story . The only con is that because it is n't finish it left parts of the plot open for more episodes .
 I am really enjoying the series . The voice work is top notch . The story and artwork are also really good .
 It 's not perfect but Black Blood Brothers at least manages to cross the finish line . The conclusion to this series however left me mostly unsatisfied . While questions were answers , battles were left unfinished and the climax happened way too fast . While this is never going to go down as a classic , it might entertain vampire fans for a little while . Ultimately you wo n't be missing anything if you skip this series .
 This is one of the cutest shows for young girls in a long time . I 'm just sorry it got canceled . All the preteen girls -LRB- and teens , mind you -RRB- in my family are just crazy about it . It runs on a continual loop on HBO/family at 6:00 every night but it only shows the first two seasons . Mildred and her friends are not the most popular or the most athletic but they manage to be the best of friend and always come out on top . It teaches girls lessons that american tv does n't show anymore . I just wish they would put the 3rd and 4th season on tv or sell them on disk . They 're out there somewhere . Amazon.com help us find them .
 I love this adorable cable series . This is n't the Fairuza Balk film version . Stars Georgina Sherrington as the cute bumbling witch-in-training Mildred Hubble -LRB- Always in trouble ! -RRB- Georgina is wonderful as Mildred , & Emma Brown as her ever loyal friend Maud Moonshine . Based on the books by Jill Murphy , which came out before Harry Potter -LRB- I might add -RRB- . Heart-warming , great cast & excellent acting . All of them embody the characters so well . There are a few new faces , Jadu Wali and Ruby Cherrytree as Mildreds friends.I also love the sets , very authentic . The castle is really brilliant , It makes me want to live there.Kate Duchene is wonderful as the dreaded Miss Hardbroom . I think she has great comic timing and really embodies , and perhaps brings even more to the part . She seems to enjoy the role too . And Una Stubbs is so endearing and charmingly quirky as the eccentric Miss Bat.Felicity Jones is the PERFECT match for Ethel Hallow ! She is absolutely mean . Poor Mildred runs afoul of her on her first day . I also like Holly Rivers as Ethel 's sidekick and partner in crime , Drusilla Paddock.I wanted to point out that if you play the dvd on number four -LRB- British English -RRB- in the audio section , you hear a lot more than the `` American English '' audio track . In episode 4 -LRB- A Mean Halloween -RRB- for example , when Mildred creates a voice changing potion , in the American English version you really ca n't hear much of a difference , but in the British English version her voice is REALLY high-pitched and squeaky -LRB- it 's a lot funnier -RRB- , plus I 'm POSITIVE they 've removed lines on the American audio track , because it was filmed originally British English . Anyways ... THIS IS A FANTASTIC SERIES ! Much , MUCH better than the Fairuza Balk film version ! It gives me warm fuzzies ... : - -RRB- Goes great with cocoa . ; - -RRB-
 I saw the original movie as a child and bought the dvd along with this series . I 'd never seen the HBO series but I read most of the books . I was n't sure what to expect but I loved it ! It filled out a lot of the gaps in the movie version and I love this new Ms. Hardbroom . I 've recently bought set 3 and 4 and I know I 'll just love that too . I 'm impressed that the audio tracks are multi-lingual ... I 'll get a kick out of watching it in Spanish and German ! It 's a great family show and the chemistry among the cast is great ... I almost wish I was a kid again and in Ms. Cackles Academy !
 Both set one and set two of the Worst Witch DVDs are amazing ! Not only are the episodes delightful , but the quality is fabulous ! The author 's words are truly magically spun into artistic splendor in these sets . All ages will enjoy the mischief and life lessons illustrated here.The Main character , Mildred , is always in trouble , but manages to mantain her values and kindness towards all living creatures . She has a zest for battling the odds and coming through , even when she is prepared to truly give up . All of us have a little Mildred in us , hopefully , and the power to act and move forth . Bravo !
 I ca n't resist mentioning something here . For reasons known only to the folks at Bfs Entertainment , these six @ 25-minute episodes have been dubbed into ` American English . ' The dubbing performers are very `` broad '' in their handling of the material , so folks like E. Vasquez may be forgiven for thinking that Georgina Sherrington `` needs acting lessons . '' In fact all the ORIGINAL performances are fine -LRB- given the material ! -RRB- If you should happen to run across this DVD , do yourself a favor and switch from the `` English '' default setting to `` UK English '' -LRB- Set Up language # 5 -RRB- before playing the episodes.I suppose this collection had to be split into two @ 75-minute discs , but it seems like a waste of disk space ! Of course they do n't cost much in comparison to collections of 1-hour tv shows , but these six episodes are also far fewer than what would comprise a US tv season.The episodes are cute variations on a Harry-Potter-esque theme , with awkward young tween-witch Mildred getting in continuous hot potion with strict and severe but relatively fair Miss Hardbroom -LRB- Kate Duchene -RRB- . Duchene , Clare Coulter , and Una Stubbs perform engaging variations on the Snape , Dumbledore , and McGonagall characters of the Harry Potter movies -LRB- it 's hard to believe this series aired three years before `` Sorcerer 's Stone . '' -RRB- I 'd recommend for pre-14 girls who like fantasy .
 My kids and I were lucky enough to get a advance promotional copy of this great DVD/VHS set . We have been fans of this show since it 's been airing on HBO . If you are a Harry Potter fan than these videos and DVD 's you will surely love . My girls just love all the capers and buggelings of Mildred -LRB- the female Harry Potter -RRB- and these programs are perfect for anyone who wants their kids to watch wholesome great family entertaiment .
 My kids and I were lucky enough to get a advance promotional copy of this great DVD/VHS set . We have been fans of this show since it 's been airing on HBO . If you are a Harry Potter fan than these videos and DVD 's you will surely love . My girls just love all the capers and buggelings of Mildred -LRB- the female Harry Potter -RRB- and these programs are perfect for anyone who wants their kids to watch wholesome great family entertaiment .
 An excellent series about Mildred a young witch starting at Miss Cackle 's Academy for Witches -LRB- a witch 's secondary boarding school -RRB- . It 's based on the few ` Worst Witch ' books by Jill Murphy -LRB- an easy good read as well -RRB- - which were rather an inspiration for Harry Potter , but lacks those book 's home life and complete world view . There are three TV Worst Witch series -LRB- UK years 7 , 8 and 9 at school - secondary school 11 to 13 years old -RRB- - so it 's well suited to younger secondary and primary school girls -LRB- 6 + -RRB- . This DVD has the first six episodes taken from the first series -LRB- year 7 -RRB- , including the first one ever screened , and so is very good value . Note that in the US this UK/Canadian series was rather tastelessly dubbed in ` American ' but fortunately there is a ` UK English ' option in the DVD setup menu where you can hear the stars real voices -LSB- the choice is yours -RSB- . The rest of series one is on the ` Miss Cackles Birthday Surprise and sorcery and chips ' NTSC two DVD set ' , also available from Amazon.Annoyingly only series 1 is available in the UK . In the US though the complete series two is available , so look out for the two double DVD region 1 sets ` Up in the air ' -LRB- yellow cover - Mildred + Hardbroom -RRB- and ` Old hats and new brooms ' -LRB- blue cover Mildred + 4 witches -RRB- , also available from Amazon -LRB- and with UK English options -RRB- . At 9 these DVD 's were my daughters favourite viewing and she now has all the original books -LRB- now at 12 she has now moved onto Charmed and Bewitched -RRB- . The Worst Witch is n't as scary as Harry Potter and all the cast are really excellent in their roles - Miss Hardbroom -LSB- Kate Duchene -RSB- even turned down a role in the Harry Potter film to remain true to her TV character . The special effects are actually quite good as well and even the ` Cackles Academy ' theme tune very catchy.Typical quotes
 My six-year-old daughter has fallen in love with Mildred Hubble , who is the worst witch in this British series . It 's about a girl who goes off to school to learn to be a witch . It 's not easy and she has many misadventures , but she also makes good friends and actually turns out to be a very good witch . My daughter keeps asking me if she can go to witch school , too . The series is nicely produced . It 's light and interesting -- perfect for girls from 6 to 10 .
 Its a beautiful film based on a real story . There is so much to say ... just trust me on this one an buy it .
 How often do you watch a movie in which the main character is a not very attractive woman in her thirties AND she has three men in her life ? If you answer pretty frequently , this movie is not for you . I have to admit that the premise of the movie is nothing short of incredibly daring . Yet , it is not something extraordinary.After watching Central Station and a couple other Brazilian movies , I wonder if poverty is a key ingredient in Brazilian cinema . However , these films are hardly exploitative and pity-inducing . This is especially true with ` Me , You and Them ' . Poverty is a strong backdrop to this movie , however , the film does not allow it to overtake the overall tone of the film . Behind the poverty , there is a prevailing sense of life . The richness of life exists whether one is rich or poor . This film does well in presenting this aspect while telling an ordinary story about a life of ordinary woman in perhaps an extraordinary circumstance.The movie does not employ fancy plotlines . There are not many peaks and valleys within the story and it is pretty consistent throughout . In fact , a person unwilling to take a peek at somebody else 's life , as mundane as it might be , would probably fall asleep before the end of the first half of the film . In its simplicity , though , lies a beauty . Much of the beauty lies with the fact that the film is impartial and holds back its verdicts . Darlene 's conduct might be seen as immoral , then again looking at her circumstances , could n't it be justified ? The film is unwilling to pass any judgments . Even the ending does not suggest much , avoiding the cause and effects type of storytelling.The cinematography is nothing short of breathtaking . Like every other aspect of the film , it does n't seek for the grandeurs . As a result , there is a certain raw , stark quality to the images while still capturing the beauty of arid Brazil.If you are a lover of international cinema , you do not want to miss this one . You might finish the movie none the wiser , however , you will definitely be ` cinematically richer ' .
 Brazil has always had a fine movie production , these last years maimed by lack of money , some bad productions and unbelief from the local population - concerning the movies , not the country . Even so , `` Cidade de Deus - City of God '' , `` Central station - Central do Brasil '' and `` Behind the sun - Abril despedaado '' , being very good productions , made the brazilian movie industry be seen by the international audiences again as a potential region for good entertainment and excellent movies . `` Me you them - Eu tu eles '' follows the settings chosen by Walter Salles in his two masterpieces
 The movie tells us more than simply having kids from one man to another.It 's about Darlene 's search for happiness in a dismal place -- where poverty is widespread & the land is barren . It also shows why people create relationships & why they stick to it for various reasons . Initially fooled & disillusioned by 1st love , Darlene wises up to accept a marriage proposal from Osias for security purposes -LRB- house & pension fund -RRB- , in lieu of romance . Being ordered around , she feels further helpless in her seemingly ` impotent ' husband & finds love & respect in the arms of Zozhino , Osias ' cousin . Things would have been better but passion comes in , in the guise of Ciro , Darlene 's co-worker . Let us just say this film is not so ordinary despite its almost barren setting . All these characters & their children live under one roof , & how they all get along , is something worth watching & analyzing . The seemingly indifferent Osias brings with him a certain tension & what he does at the end is something to ponder about .
 I have n't seen many Brazilian films , but every one I 've seen really blows apart -- really challenges -- your morals . I claim that I can watch this with an open mind , in order to objectively judge the outcome , the impact to each of their lives . Does each character find meaning in his/her life?One aspect of the plot that is interesting , is Darlene the main character bears each man in her life a son , except for her legal husband . This has some fullfilling effect on these men . Her husband on the other hand , emasculated in a sense , in the end does what he can to preserve some vestige of his manhood and status.I love movies that take me somewhere . This movie is beautifully shot , yielding many scenes of its stark beauty , but it by no means romanticizes . The setting is of a vast dry land . It is hot . They live in mud houses -LRB- Of course this appealed to me in look and practicality . -RRB- . Everyone sleeps in hammocks.The people , though very poor and unglamorous -- to me this made them genuinely beautiful -- have a rough life . Darlene , the main character must work , even when pregnant harvesting in the cane fields .
 Delicious film with great photography , wonderfull soundtrack by Gilberto Gil and excelent performs of Cas&eacute; , Lima Duarte and Stenio Garcia , try it !!!!!!!
 Darlene de Lima is jilted at the church with her infant son , so she gets on a truck and leaves the poor village of her mother . Three years later she returns , marries a prosperous old godger , and settles down to support him as he relaxes , endlessly , with his old radio in his hammock . Unwittingly , he never gives her any attention , so one by one , she finds men who adore her free , sensual spirit and move in with Darlene and her husband . This is a fun film based on a real person in Brazil . An unexpected little gem .
 I never write raves . But this is a very underestimated film . The screenplay is spare and polished . The actors - sublime . Regina Case is amazing in this role . Should have won all kinds of awards . Completely absorbing . Best film I 've seen in a long time.No violence , restrained sex - real life , with somebody you are really rooting for .
 For those who know a little about the wonderful history of cinema in Brazil , this movie arrives with a taste of caipirinha and a very powerful way to show that even in the desert , it is possible to bear fruit . Darlene is a contrast to the environment she lives in . She bears children easily , all natural births , when outside all you see is abandonment , poverty , and the desert . She is also a trademark of brazilian woman
 This movie is funny and very interesting . It can be a little slow for the `` now generation '' . Each child that is born looks nothing like her husband . The husbands female cousin has smart remarks with each arrival -- priceless . Very real world rural Brazil . I read other reviews focusing on birth control etc. , but I found that I was looking forward to the next child to see how the child would look and the reaction around the arrival . If you take life too seriously and trying to look for hidden meanings/agendas - Not for you - Just enjoy it for what it is ... Life goes on ...
 -LRB- ... -RRB- the three films and a scant extras on CLASSIC DICK TRACY make it a tremendous value.The films : Dick Tracy Meets Gruesome - Boris Karloff plays Gruesome , who robs banks and likes to incinerate his victims.Dick Tracy vs. Cueball - Dick Wessel plays Cueball , who steals diamonds and likes to strangle his victims with a leather strap.Dick Tracy 's Dilemma - Jack Lambert plays The Claw , who steals furs and likes to hack his victims with the hook at the end of his right arm.The extras
 In 1945 , the world beheld Dick Tracy , a popular comic strip , materialize to screen . The first film -LRB- which is not in this collection -RRB- , was entertaining , but lacked the excitment , and the panache of the comic strip.RKO Radio Pictures -LRB- it 's distributar -RRB- , realized this , and started to make pictures that were almost identical to the beloved comic strip . `` Dick Tracy Meets Cueball '' , was in the greatest Gould tradition . For one , Morgan Conway is just the image of good old Dick , and the story , is amazingly entertaining.The others were exellent too , and here are the ratings and casts for each of them : Dick Tracy Meets Cueball ***** PGwith Morgan ConwayAnne JeffreysDick WieselLyle LatelRita CordayIan KeithDick Tracy 's Dillema ***** PGwith Ralph ByrdLyle LatelIan KeithJack LambertKay ChristopherBORIS KARLOFF.RALPH BYRD inDick Tracy Meets Gruesome ***** Gwith Anne GwennLyle Latel
 In 1945 , the world beheld Dick Tracy , a popular comic strip , materialize to screen . The first film -LRB- which is not in this collection -RRB- , was entertaining , but lacked the excitment , and the panache of the comic strip.RKO Radio Pictures -LRB- it 's distributar -RRB- , realized this , and started to make pictures that were almost identical to the beloved comic strip . `` Dick Tracy Meets Cueball '' , was in the greatest Gould tradition . For one , Morgan Conway is just the image of good old Dick , and the story , is amazingly entertaining . -LRB- ... -RRB-
 If you like campy , independant horror flicks , you should enjoy this one . Not too cheesy and not too serious - The acting is pretty good and the special effects are decent . The storyline is fairly well-developed for a movie of this nature . I thought the ending was very good . Also reccommended
 I do n't understand why people are knocking this picture.Five minutes into it , I knew I was n't watching a straight horror film ... but a clever black comedy.The writer-director and the actors are playing this one strictly tongue-in-cheek ... and they make it work.And , for those people who did n't `` get it '' while watching the movie , the Coda at the end was designed to let them in on the joke.Too bad they were n't astute enough to realize that .
 Michael Druxman has created a great ride for his audience with `` The Doorway . '' A great thriller mixed with black comedy . A welcome rebirth of the scary films of the 1950 's . Don Maloney brought a comedic break to this supernatural thriller which made for a great balance . I found `` The Doorway '' to be a very entertaining independent film . It 's a great addition to my existing film collection .
 Even though this is n't usually my favorite type of movie , I was asked by a friend to watch it with him and was more than pleasantly surprised at how good The Doorway really is . The characters were three-dimensional and did not seem to be put into the action for the sole purpose of being killed . The frightening moments made me jump , but the black humor made the entire movie watching experience an enjoyable one . I just do n't plan to go into the basement alone for quite some time ! Condsidering the usually restrictrive nature of the genre , Mr. Druxman has created a surprisingly intelligent horror film that expects the audience to have a higher than room-temperature IQ .
 this has the 1980 's horror film type , oppossed to the 1990 's or 2000s . i think this movie was pretty good but not that great . The last demon in the movie didnt look very scary . i think that they should have used some special effects to make his eyes glow or burn or something to make him look more scary . it was pretty obvious it was a person inside . i know theres no such thing as a demon , but they could have at least tried to make it LOOK real . i didnt like the `` cheap '' way they ended the movie . instead of the actors acting out the ending scene . . instead it is written and the viewer has to READ the complete ending . i watched this movie with my parents cuz i didnt think it had nudity . running into TRICK horror movie covers in the 90s , i didnt think the cover would give as promised . if u are experienced with 1980 horror flicks , then you can tell that the cover of this vhs tape , had nudity in it . they had some really good looking girls here too . at the beginning , this movie was more funny than scary for the first . . 10 mins of the movie . i think it has a little bit of everything . and based on the reviews i seen on amazon , i have to tell one thing to most of the reviewers that say bad things about movies with even just one scene of nudity . i dont see ANYTHING wrong about having nudity in a movie . i cant understand how nudity can make a movie horrible
 The number one movie ever . The guy who plays Charlie is brill . People should give an actor of his range , excellance and spelling ability more work .
 Celebrated milestones do n't come much better than that of legendary folk-rock band Fairport Convention last weekend . Originally formed in 1967 , they wowed their fans with a 40th anniversary to remember after yet another triumphant annual festival in the heart of the Oxfordshire countryside.I was turned on to this group by listening to a CD of Judy Collins a few months ago , when she mentioned the death of a singer she knew , Sandy Denny , who sang with `` Fairport Convention . '' Well , right away I went out a bought a couple of albums and have been in love with the music ever since .
 You probably wo n't see a film made in the U.S. in which a father and daughter are vying for the affections of the same man ! This German film begins with the motley group of Zobel -LRB- played by handsome Gotz George , one of Germanys ' most popular actors -RRB- , his lover Karl -LRB- Christian Redi -RRB- and Zobel 's daughter , Lizzie -LRB- Jeanette Hain -RRB- making their living by practicing petty crimes like picking pockets and con schemes . When Karl is hit by a car during an ill-fated scheme , Zobel and Lizzie search for a replacement . Rudolf , a cute 25-year-old gas station attendant fits the bill . But complications arise when both Lizzie and Zobel fall in love with Rudolf . Rudolf returns affections to both of his admirers , which of course soon results in numerous conflicts . This gritty comedy is infused with charm and pathos -LRB- both Zobel and Lizzie are lonely characters seeking a ray of happiness in their dreary lives -RRB- . The film suffers from a weak ending that is not entirely satisfying but the film is one that is definitely recommended !
 This German film directed by Hermine Huntgeburth is like a comic spin on The Grifters but with an added sexual component . When one of the 3 petty criminals who wallet snatch using the blind man ploy is injured in a chase , a replacement is chosen from someone who had tried to steal from them and had failed . His punishment was to be stripped by the two gay male members of the team , which prefigures the sexual triangle that eventuates when both the father and his daughter are attracted to the new member . We know that when we are told the group 's rule is no exchange of body fluids that it is said to be broken . Huntgeburth gets comic mileage out of who is the the aggressor in each relationship and the stolen moments of intimacy they have in fear of being discovered by the third party . The most refreshing touch is how the father -LRB- Gotz George -RRB- is established as being mean to his gay partner , yet he becomes foolish when faced with the attentions of a younger man , as if he can not believe it possible , and the Shakespearian appearance of George emphasises him as a classically defined pathetic figure . George actually resembles a brunette and heavy-set Ralph Fiennes . The daughter probably has the least interesting role , but Felix Eitner as the boy demonstrates the bisexual trend of modern sexuality , the free sexual preference of European men , and the question of sex as duplicitious behaviour . When Eitner 's pet snake is disposed of cruelly , Huntgeburth sets up an expectation for his own fate , with the snake as metaphor . The accordian music of Niki Reiser sets the tone with it 's melancholy and suggestion of exotic mischief , and thankfully Huntgeburth 's treatment lacks the concluding cruelty of the Stephen Frears title .
 It is difficult to write an exciting review of this film without giving out the twists in the film , but I will say this is definitely a great film . As you already know from the plot description the three characters are romantically entangled , but the way the actors portray their emotions are definitely complex and not what the audience would expect . I disagree with an earlier reviewer about turning this into an American film . An American version will likely have a happier outcome for all four characters and place a greater emphasis on the heterosexual romance . Check out this film and take notice of who seems to be in love with who . An incredibly well directed film with complex characters whose depth is portrayed in the acting more than the actual script ! Ahh , love can be so complicated ...
 After an opening that 's somewhat of a downer , a father and daughter begin their lives anew , as crooks . When they come upon a sexy drifter who assists them , both father and daughter are attracted to him and vice/versa . A turning point in the film occurs when the daughter finds her lover in bed with her father and the family unit is shattered . How each character reacts to the dilemma and what eventually happens to them all is tremendously inspiring . It encourages the viewer to acknowledge his/her own priorities and also observes the power and value of compromise .
 VEry cool very different . i love this weird family love triangle with a twist . : -RRB-
 i like to watch this film because , it is a good film , especialy for adult
 My kids and I were lucky enough to get a advance promotional copy of this great DVD/VHS set . We have been fans of this show since it 's been airing on HBO . If you are a Harry Potter fan than these videos and DVD 's you will surely love . My girls just love all the capers and buggelings of Mildred -LRB- the female Harry Potter -RRB- and these programs are perfect for anyone who wants their kids to watch wholesome great family entertaiment .
 An excellent series about Mildred a young witch starting at Miss Cackle 's Academy for Witches -LRB- a boarding witch 's secondary school -RRB- . It 's based on the few ` Worst Witch ' books by Jill Murphy -LRB- a child 's easy good read as well -RRB- . This DVD set has the last seven episodes taken from the first series -LRB- year 7 -RRB- , and so is very good value . Note that in the US this UK/Canadian series was tastelessly dubbed in ` American ' but fortunately there is a ` UK English ' option in the DVD setup menu so you can hear the stars real voices if you ish -LRB- the choice is yours -RRB- . The rest of series one -LRB- episodes 1 to 6 -RRB- is on the ` Battle of Broomsticks/Mean Halloween ' two DVD NTSC set ' , also available from Amazon.These DVD 's are still some of my 11 year old daughters favourite viewing and would suite 8 upwards . They are n't as scary as Harry Potter and all the cast are really excellent in their roles - Miss Hardbroom -LSB- Kate Duchene -RSB- even turned down a role in the Harry Potter film to remain true to her TV character.Typical quotes
 The worst witch is the best tv show ive seen in years . That great acting of kate duchene 's constance hardbroom brings her tall body of 5 '10 and of her scary looking face & black tight dress that of a nice purple night gown . Kate looks like a baby when her hair is down she looks less scary then when it 's up . It 's a good show for kids & teenagers I 've seen .
 Not quite a snappy as &#34; The Worst Witch &#34; movie with Fairuza Balk and Tim Curry , but very good and sweet , clean fun with beautiful scenic filming locations . Satisfies my &#34; instant justice &#34; wish that I ca n't execute in real life .
 Very nice stories . Liked the 3-volume box set . Wish it came in DVD format . Nonetheless , it is a great product . Enjoyed very much . Sincerely , L.
 The Worst Witch -LRB- The Movie -RRB- The Worst Witch Collection - Set 2I bought this movie for my 5 year old daughter , because I remember how much I liked it when I was a kid . She loves this movie , along with my 3 year old daughter , so I bought them the set of the series , and they really enjoy that too . Of course , now my daughter is always making `` potions '' and trying to get her older brother to drink them . I love movies that bring out a childs imagination .
 My kids and I were lucky enough to get a advance promotional copy of this great DVD/VHS set . We have been fans of this show since it 's been airing on HBO . If you are a Harry Potter fan than these videos and DVD 's you will surely love . My girls just love all the capers and buggelings of Mildred -LRB- the female Harry Potter -RRB- and these programs are perfect for anyone who wants their kids to watch wholesome great family entertaiment .
 amazing wonderfull any people around my edge will be happy to enjoy this eantactic collection , thanks amazon for the oportunity
 Yes I enjoyed it very much . Yes I would recommend this to someone . I am a fan of old school .
 This is a film with great actors , an evil playboy bunny , and a jive talking dude in the armory . Be in an altered state and enjoy the ride jam packed full of incredible special effects , fight scenes , and an occasional laugh.It is a futuristic version of Beowulf aimed at an audience of action film lovers.Have a blast !
 It 's everything I want from a B movie . Nothing intelligent , just cool costumes , cheesy lines and dodgey looking monsters . Although he 's perfect in the role , I do think it 's a shame Christopher Lambert 's career has come to this .
 When I viewed this movie I fell in love with it . Christopher Lambert played a great role -LRB- I loved the leather ! -RRB- . I also thought the action sequences were great . I could definetly tell that the same people that made Mortal Kombat had done this film because of the techno music & I enjoyed that too :-RRB- All in all I really enjoyed this movie and would recommend to everyone .
 Certainly a bold undertaking of adapting the ancient poem Beowulf to film.Christopher Lambert does an outstanding job of portraying a tormented hero . Even better than he does in the Highlander movies . Brave , cocky and not sure of himself but sure of what he is doing . Spouting those sarcastic lines that make you laugh and the other characters step back . Set in a strange kind of future where you see modern tools like an infer red telescope along side ancient weapons -LRB- swords etc. -RRB- But not necessarily post - apocalypse . This really sets the tone for the movie . The viewer really has no time reference , making the movie that much more intriguing - mystical ? I loved the way the characters are played off on each other , each revealing secrets and fears . There is much more to this movie that blood and guts , but make no mistake , violence there is plenty . I enjoyed this film as fantasy / horror . No weak performances or bad dialog . If you can set aside superficial judgments like `` why are there modern tools and old tools being used together '' . And actually watch the movie I think you will enjoy it thoroughly .
 Absolutly great film . Soundtrack is already in my wishlist , as I am a great fan of the unknown band . Great action sequences , script a tad predictable in places , but the monsters are cool and all together original , Beowulfs secret does keep you guessing for a bit , and you always watch , I did n't take my eyes off the screen.If anyone knows anything AT ALL about the soundtrack contact me at takuhii@aol.com
 I love this movie for many reasons , and sure I can see how some people can dislike it because it 's not their cup of tea , they might see it as a cheap movie with mediocre acting because they are used to a more mainstream type of a movie while this one is a detour on the straight road of life.Christopher Lambert is a flaxen hair warrior on a horse yielding a sword in a battle against a man eatting monster by the name of Grendel , which is mysteriously somehow connected to him , while Enigma crossed with the Matrix type music blasts through out the movie . Lambert plays Beowulf who comes to a place called the Outpost , where many troubles are happening , and he volunteers to kill the beast that is running on murderous rampages when night falls . He also establishes a relationship with a young widow and tackles her brother who does n't trust him.I 'm a huge Lambert fan , he 's quirky and odd but his movies are different and simply great . If you enjoy movies such as Conan , Red Sonja and fantasy costume and monster madness then this might be a great addition to your collection . This sci-fi adaptaion of the medieval Anglo-Saxon legend was filmed on location in Romania and it really looks ancient , while the acting is n't oscar material , I appreciate it for what it is .
 Put your brain on pause , and let Chrisphe Lambert 's best film since the first Highlander , entertain you ! Its a strange mix of old and new , and the actions scenes are very comic book in their execution . The only bad points of the film are Rhona Mitra 's incredible lack of acting skills , she is the original ` Lara Croft ` model , game fans , and the cartoon like CGI monster ... Those points aside , if you like movies with big swords , over the top martial arts , big monsters and a pumping dance and heavy metal soundtrack , Anthrax and Rob Halford are just two of the acts included , this just might be the film for you ...
 Anyone coming for a faithful Beowulf adaptation , or in fact anything remotely like any reasonable Hollywood film one has ever seen , is in for a real surprise . I hope you like surprises , as I sometimes do , because after a third viewing I have to confess that _ Beowulf _ is probably the best recent example I have seen of whatever passes for unintentional surrealism these days.Plenty of people who like their genres served whole have complained that this movie looks cobbled togetther from dozens of different films , and that the parts do n't sit right together . I am compelled to agree . Never before have I seen a medieval sci-fi horror western martial arts film with a couple of soft-core scenes thrown in for good measure . No other movie would dare to cut from a crowd of futuristically dressed soliders carrying swords , screaming `` Kill the Beast ! '' , straight to Christopher Lambert in a trenchcoat on a horse , accompanied the whistle from _ The Good , The Bad , and The Ugly _ on the soundtrack . That 's as cool as the unexpected intersection of a sewing machine and umbrella on some psycho future guillotine bed.Depending on your point of view , everything is wrong or a whole lot works . Christopher Lambert is as convincing as he ever has managed to be -LRB- I 'd pay just to hear him say , `` I 'm Beowulf '' a few more times -RRB- , the supporting acting is all slightly off , the lead women are gorgeous , and the soundtrack -- The soundtrack deserves its own paragraph . Ben Watkins of Juno Reactor , currently one of the best two techno outfits in the business , basically remixed a bunch of industrial and used a lot of his own stuff to create possibly the most overblown film soundtrack ever -- as might be expected , given how much like a b-action film Juno Reactor 's music already is . It 's less a soundtrack than an entirely separate movie which does n't sit well along with the all this stuff from _ Beowulf _ it has to accompany . Watkins has killer techno going before the fight scenes can even really get underway , leading to the amusing audio-visual experience of hearing his music brought way down on the mix so we can hear the sounds of people walking around , looking out warily for the monster . Not content to use everyday horror shock cues , he seems to have substituted an electric guitar for the usual `` woosh '' noises , bringing the film into the fifth dimension , without space or time , where Bernard Hermann has no meaning.So that 's that . I do n't know if you 'd want to buy it . Try renting it first .
 Well I have to state right from the outset that I am biased . I love Christopher Lambert , especailly in these sword wilding smart cracking roles . This has to be the best fick he has done -LRB- in this vein -RRB- since the original Highlander , and it is rather reminiscent of that title . Following loosely on the Norse fable of the same name , Beowulf plunges the viewer straight into a fantasy world with a technological bent . There are chain swords and hedge trimmer weapons , a huge steampunk-esque outpost , and guys with armour reminicient of robocop . Anyone who has played roleplaying games the likes of Shadowrun or Castle Falukenstien will be right at home here . The soundtrack is awsome -LRB- heavy rock and techno bents -RRB- and the dialoge and acting are on par with the usual fair of todays mass produced movies . However this is definately a B-grade movie . Not that that is a bad thing . I happen to like decent B-grade fair . And this is quite decent . They spent quite a bit on the sets and props for this show , shame they did n't spend just a little more on the CGI . Now to the bad points . The female leads are reminicent of ex-porn stars , espically the blond playing Grnedel 's mother . The women 's cloths are designed to hide very little and show off a lot , which turns some scenes into covers for Heavy Metal Magazine ! Despite this I give it quite a good rating 4/5 , however this is as a B-grade movie . Good beer and pizza movie , ladies might not see it that way . -LRB- and now I 'm off to buy the soundtrack ! -RRB-
 a motion picture based on the classic saxon poem . christofer labert is beowulf , a lone warrior contracted to kill a demon feeding on lone outpost under siege . i was realy suprised to see how well this independant film did , its one of my favorites . spending most of its money on casting Lambert . this films special effects are mostly makeup with a small FX scene . it was very good on keeping the story and also remaking it into a film . i was very happy when it was released in the US on dvd . i first saw it at a rental store in england . its fun film , so go check it out .
 Great action . Lambert is very good in this film.I liked the 13th Warrior , but I liked this movie a little more.The settings were imaginable and very realistic for the time.Give it a try .
 recieved merchandise on time . excellent condition . will do business with them again.shipping was on spot .
 THE MOVIE WAS GOOD IN ALL SENCE OF GOOD . IT WAS DARK AND HAD A KILLER SOUND TRACK THAT I WANT TO GET . THE FILM COULD OF USED SOME MORE GORE . IT HAD GREAT ACTION AND A GOOD PLOT . BUT THE SOUNDTRACK IS WHAT DEFINETLLY MADE ME WATCH IT FOR THE THIRD AND FOURTH TIMES .
 Lambert is great . A classic story with history referenced . But is it anamorphic ?
 I enjoyed beowulf i thought it was a cool action movie.The problem was a lot of reviewers were somehow foolishly hoping it would be something else entirely.I believe the character beowulf -LRB- a dragon ? -RRB- was originally in a poem and was a peice of English literature that was supposed to be great.However this was just an action flick with nothing to do with beowulf other than the name only.For what it was , it was good.But those foolishly expecting it to auctually be about `` beowulf '' were letdown .
 Let go of your expectations because if you cling tight to them while watching this show , you might just end up having a horrible time and writing a negative review.On the other hand , if you can let go and just take a ride for a few minutes in a differently styled version of the old classic , you may just really find a gem of a film in Beowulf.I love Lambert . I love Rhona Mitra . I had to rewind to see Patricia Velasquez again ! It 's not over the top oscar acting . It 's not extravagant sets . It 's all about characters and honestly , some of the secondaries are a wild hoot ! I would like to believe they were all doing this movie because it was FUN and it was DIFFERENT.That 's why it should be given a chance . It 's not for everyone , but for anyone who wants something a bit off beat this might just do it for you .
 While this film would probably have made my old medieval studies professor grasp his heart and fall over , if you 're looking for a well paced and enjoyable straight-to-video cheesefest to watch by yourself or -LRB- ideally -RRB- with a few friends this is a great choice.Think `` Hercules the Legendary Journeys '' only more `` serious / dark '' and violent and with even less faithfulness to the source material , then add a dash of Beyond Thunderdome . The trailer touts that the movie is brought to you by the people who made Mortal Kombat and that really shows . The fight scenes , like much of the acting , are enjoyably over the top and the techno music gives it a unique 90s straight-to-video charm . I 'd recommend checking out the trailer to anyone interested , it is pretty much what you see is what you get from there . -LRB- Except that the bottom-billed actress in the trailer Patricia Velasquez aka the beautiful `` Anksunamun '' from the Stephen Sommers Mummy movies , is in this film for a grand total of about 5 minutes . -RRB- All in all if you 're into low-budget cheese it does n't get much better than this , rent it or if you can find it for around $ 6 pick it up .
 This movie gets 4 stars only because of the inclusion of Rhona Mirta , one of the hottest woman alive ! Otherwise , this movie would get 2 stars . This movie is basically a recasting of the tale `` Beowulf '' in some kind of weird , crappy future that 's regressed into the past . Crazy , industrial looking structures abound , hampered by what was obviously a low , low budget . Mirta , you deserve so much more ! Some of the sword fighting scenes are entertaining , and as Lambert provides his typical B-movie acting . Most of the time , I rooted for Grendel to kill everyone , the more quickly the better .
 Ok , I 'm not sure exactly why I like this movie so much . I think it has to do with the cool soundtrack , and just the general idea of the movie -LRB- hated reading the boring book in HS -RRB- . I 'm the only one out of all the people I know that actually really love this movie . Definitely not for everyone though . True it could have been better , but what film could n't have been better ? I recommend renting this movie first then deciding , I know Blockbuster has it , thats how I first saw it . Anyways for me this movie absolutely rocks , even though most people wo n't think so :-RRB- .
 I give the movie 4 stars ... more than it deserves really . I 'm a big fan of post-apocalyptic themes , so I already came complete with a general understanding of what kind of world the movie might be describing . Most people will not get that from the movie , as the history behind the world is not even touched . One can only assume that with the presence of modern technology in the medieval world , that the world is post-apocalyptic . Having no real experience with post-apocalyptic literature would mean that the viewer would stay confused for most of the movie . Some parts of the movie were very well done . I particularly enjoyed the props , costumes , and weapons . However , there were some very bad things . I think the plot and the script need some work . The special effects were horrible :-LRB- I loved the soundtrack , but the creators kept putting the wrong music in for many scenes . Driving techno does n't go very well with quite , non-combat , moments . The fight scenes would have been a lot better had the fights been longer and more bloody . There was very little blood in actual combat . . even when people were cut up and decapitated . Other than that , the fight scenes contained some matrix-like fliping action ... which I love . The real downfall to this movie is the script and special effects .
 Strangly , although he seems to play the same characters over and over , dark , unkillable men who apparently give off some kind of hormone that attracts every woman in a 50 mile radius , Chris Lambert does something else too ... he makes it believable.I find it unusual to watch Highlander , and then Beowulf , the characters of which are very similar , and still believe in the Beowulf character . Very few actors can pull that off and Chris does it with absolute believability.If you like dark films , with good effects , The Matrix , Spawn , X-Men ... any kind of `` anti-hero '' dark , brooding type film , you 're going to love this one .
 BeowulfI watched this movie expecting just what I got the usual Christopher Lambert fare , i.e. Highlander with Sean Connery . Christopher is not known for his academy award seeking movies . As a matter of fact the Sicilian was one of his better roles and he is not the best of actors but the supporting cast i.e. Rhona Mitra with the `` enhancements '' is eye candy for the meandering script and dialouge . From what I understand this film is loosley based on a book based on myth and that is what I took it for . Sword and socery and nothing more . I guess this movie is similiar to the Kung-Fu movies that used to come on on Saturday afternoons with the flying through the air , and feats of great strength by the star performers and in that light it is an entertaining movie . Mr Lambert was his usual monotone , quite dry self which was occasionally intrupted by a mythical beast that tore asunder warriors for no apperent reason other than they were home . I would have given this movie 3-stars except for the very lovely Rhona Mitra whom I think is well pleasing to the eye . For a long time she did bits in movies , i.e. the neighbor of Kevin Bacon in `` Hollow Man '' and the bounty huntress seeking to bring Riddick to justice in `` The Chronicles of Riddick '' and recent brief appearances in the newly released movie `` Shooter '' starring Mark Wahlberg . So all in all if you like sword and sorcery and a bit of a twist of a quirky movie and I apologize for almost forgetting about the lovely Patricia Valezquez in a cameo role in this movie , known more for her roles in the Mummy and Return of the Mummy with Rachel Weisz , but I digress , then you may like this one , I did because I did n't expect anymore out of it than `` Action '' and nothing more . If you are looking for character depth and development then I suggest one of the movies I mentioned above especially the movie `` Shooter '' with Wahlberg , it is fantastic ! Mark found his niche .
 Okay boys and girls this is the deal , this is pretty much a b movie ; so like any b movies if you want to enjoy them you have to go into it w / a clean slate and take everything w / a grain of salt , if you do , its a good show , a fun show . Now I must refute one reviewer who fancies the rest of us as vulgar and stupid if we actually enjoyed the flick . He goes on and on comparing it to the original poem , well this is n't the poem ; this show , like any remake , is done very loosely on it . Being a b movie if they made an exact duplicate of the poem its doubtful it 'd be so enjoyable . To that end one other reviewer did n't like the blend of the dark ages , being confused why such things as bifocals and other modern implements appear , there 's a reason . If the reviewer had read the back of the movie box it says its sent in the future . Hey if somehow tech was erased and we plunged into another dark age , they 'd probably would integrate these things in their societies.Okay as a b movie its cool . Chris Lambert does his usual kick butt job , portraying a character that looks , and fights something very similar to Dante from the ps2 game devil may cry . The fights and costumes are wonderful , very clever stuff ; the outpost castle is crumbling and shaped so wonderfully weird that you have to like it -LRB- unless you 're after a show that has a line by line translation from the poem -RRB- . Lambert is great , pretty much unkillable , kind of a dark past , but he 's not a total brooder , the girl he meets does change him , or at least changes his mind . Lambert has what seems like a billion weapons on him and as he fights he twists and pulls and on existing weapons , and other weapons appear . He 's like a walking swiss army knife , unscrew the shaft on this , twist that , hey another a mace and chain.The monster grendel is pretty well done , that is for a b movie . The reason that I liked is that the makers of the show were smart . I mean how many times have you seen a show where the big bad monster came into the light and he looked like a latex wreak ? Exaclty . A b movie does n't have the budget to make a totally cool monster so how do you fix it ? Grendal stays in the dark and shadows , the darkness effectively hiding him somewhat , then to make it better , the film makers added purplish waves that surround him like an aura that kind of hides any blemishes , that 's why I felt it was well done , because theres no way that thing would be scary if it was completly shown .
 Very good quality , I really enjoyed watching it , so much so that I played it several times . I 'm glad I added it to my library .
 Not bad for a grade `` B '' flic . I am familiar with the poem . I give the director and producer a thumbs up on a good try . I have been a fan of Christopher Lambert since Highlander . Even though the graphics were crappy , it was all around a good movie .
 Good
 C'mon really , why else would you buy the movie other than to see a bunch of crazy post-apocalyptic slicing and dicing ?!? If you 're looking for a epic battle film that will go down as a classic for its acting and storyline , buy Braveheart . If you want a film that does n't expect you to consider the laws of physics while watching -LRB- let alone picking out all the flaws -RRB- , buy this . Its a good , entertaining movie if you 're interested in `` Mortal Kombat '' type movies or if you 're a fan of `` Highlander '' ... if you 're looking for Oscar material , you 've got the wrong film . They should n't be put on the same level .
 I just about laughed the entire movie when i first saw it . I had read about Beowulf before and decided to rent it . When I saw Christopher Lambert with his white hair and crispy voice I couldnt hold the laugh.It was so funny to see him flip around and beating up people in the siege at the beginning of the film.The only things I cant say is good is first the ending . its to macho , Beowulf saves the girl and the castle explodes -LRB- ! -RRB- . The other is that they use bodybags , gas torches , modern food boxes and even a nightvision telescope -LRB- ! -RRB- this was a bad flaw , but I just laugh about it.Otherwise , a great and very funny classic .
 The movie takes the classic tale of Beowulf and sets it in the future , where Beowulf , played by Christopher Lambert , travels in search for evil to battle . He comes across a battle outpost that holds Grendal , a monster that only Beowulf has a chance in defeating . Some pretty cool special effects and action sequences make this movie enjoyable to watch . Lambert does a decent job playing Beowulf , and the f/x used to create the monster are neat . If you are a sci-fi/action movie lover like myself , then this movie is definitely worth checking out .
 If you are a literary nut looking for a sophisticated adaption ot the Beowulf epic you might be a little disappointed . However , if you are a little more open-minded or enjoy a good action flick this one is great . The fantasy like setting is extremely well done and somehow the use of modern technology does n't seem out of place here . The storyline is changed slightly from the original work to make it more presentably to the big screen . Some of the things are a little weird but the gorgeous women more than make up for that .
 Having never picked p a guitar to actually learn how to play , I was playing the powerchords for the Blue progression in E by the first day . This is geared towards kids with though . I did also purchase Fender Presents
 I 've bought several books and even ordered an online e-book and video package for $ 60 in a desperate attempt to learn guitar , and while they 're proven somewhat helpful , I 've been overwhelmed with all the information . This and the DVD that follows have really simplified things by teaching movable chords and scales in a simple , yet detailed way that provide a strong foundation . While somewhat cheesy at times -LRB- it is a kid 's DVD after all -RRB- , at least they do n't come off as know-it-alls and actually made learning enjoyable overall . I was so psyched to play after watching this , if I did n't have to worry about neighbors I would have jammed all night .
 I was born in 1983 , so I never had any real insight on how influencial the Sex Pistols really were until I saw this film . Britan in the late 1970s was a grim place ; unemployment , IRA bombs , recession , depression.These were the reasons why punk had to happen . The first truly great Pistols movie -LRB- after the disapointing Great Rock 'N' Roll and Sid & Nancy -RRB- . Excellent retropective interviews with the four surviving Pistols , a dazzling array of clips and concert footage and , best of all , previously unseen interview footage with the late Sid Vicious , who proves to be surprisingly articulate and intelligent.You ca n't help but feel touched when John Lydon sheds a tear for his deceased friend . An exhilerating , funny , tragic and insightful documentary.A must see .
 No , `` The Filth And The Fury '' is not a concert movie , unfortunetely . What I wanted to see -LRB- and hear -RRB- were some of their rare live performances , but what I got was the album versions of their songs slapped on top of live footage -- at least the music was remastered -LRB- it was done at Johnny Rotten 's command -RRB- . What I was n't ready for was the honesty . Rotten finally admits that he respects Glen Matlock , and he even cries over the loss of Sid Vicious . The best part is the Sid Vicious interview which sheds much of the bogus rock n ' roll myths that surrounds him . It 's good to see that he was n't as stupid as we all think , but rather a human being possibly victimized by the industry . `` The Filth And The Fury , '' is good because you do see the human side of the band rather than the image their manager -LRB- and sometimes members of the band -RRB- had concocted .
 This is easily one of the most compelling rock-documentaries ever made . There are only a few people reviewing this -LRB- who probably hated them already -RRB- who did n't love it . The reason is simple
 I was in High school when The Pistols released Bollocks and never appreciated how important this band was to rock & roll.They were and are the standard to which every punk band is measured , no one comes close.They were not great musicians but there music had more fire andballs then any band that was around then . if you want to see what real anger is -LRB- not todays manufactured anger -RRB- get this DVDand see how real music once was .
 WARNING
 Just addressing some of the criticisms of this film and adding some analysis of my own ... 1 -RRB- Overdubbed studio tracks over live footage . Would you rather hear the studio version , or hear nothing at all ? The footage from which this documentary is culled was hardly organized or cataloged when the Pistols won it in a civil case against Malcolm McLaren . Considering the time period in which it was filmed , it was probably done with separate audio and video equipment . Even if the audio exists , it 's probably very faint . Anyway , you do get the blistering version of `` No Fun , '' and the -LRB- in-studio , on-off -RRB- of `` Road Runner/Johnny B. Goode . `` 2 -RRB- The myth of the Sex Pistols ' lack of talent . A myth , and just that . If Malcolm Mclaren wanted to say , with `` Swindle ... '' that the Pistols were talentless , then he made a mistake by including their music . The music is still incendiary , and more relevant with every passing year . Try to listen to the aforementioned set of covers without acknowledging how thoroughly the Pistols exploded rock and roll -- turning rock `` standards '' into a glossalalia of destruction .3 -RRB- Too sociological in its scope . If you are used to punk as power-pop with bubblegum roots and a cartoon image , then you will probably deny the sociological roots of British punk culture . Watch the film again . The social climate was as relevant to the Sex Pistols as guitar , vox , bass , or drums.This is , to pay Temple a great compliment , a movie worthy of its subject . While I ca n't wave the banner of objective truth as the Pistols do in their modern-day interviews -- I was n't there and `` truth '' is a slippery concept -- `` The Filth and the Fury '' is the kind of documentary that rescues its subjects from the cesspool of myth.Myth is just gossip grown old .
 Forget Julien Temple 's `` The Great Rock 'n' Roll Swindle , '' his previous Pistols film . That was almost purely fiction , created solely as an ego-stroke for Malcolm McLaren . This is the real story , told by the members themselves , using archival footage and new interviews . More than simply presenting the what 's and where 's , it also delves into the question of WHY punk rock became the phenomenom it did in mid-Seventies Britain . This is an absolute must-see film for anyone interested in the history of rock music . From the live footage of the Pistols wreaking havoc onstage , to the the genuine emotion displyed by John Lydon when discussing the heroin addiction and death of friend and bandmate Sid Vicious , this movie is simply incredible . I 've watched it at home dozens of times and it never gets old . Very highly recommended .
 This is an unusually straightforward look at the brief history of the Sex Pistols , and a refreshing change of pace from the disappointing `` The Great Rock 'n Roll Swindle '' . Finally , Sex Pistols fans can learn what happened , rather than being subjected to Malcolm McLaren 's absurd farce and narcissistic mockumentary.Somehow , though , after watching this , I felt that something was missing , possibly because they do n't explore the music enough . It feels as though they made a documentary about Band X -- it feels generic , and lacks the sharp edge that made the Sex Pistols brilliant.In spite of that feeling , I can still recommend it any any Pistols fan .
 `` There are somethings that are just meant to happen , and the Sex Pistols just should have . '' - John Lydon.I didnt really know what to expect when I first watched this . But the result was something I never would have expected . Not only is this one of the greatest rock 'n' roll documentarys ever , this is one of my favourite films of all time . It is perfectly structured and edited , the amount of research that went into this film is amazing , and the feeling that it leaves you with after watching it is something nothing else has ever done for me , before or since . Julien Temple certainly can direct . `` I think the Sex Pistols are the antithesis of humankind . The whole world will be better off for their non-existence '' - Bernard Brook Partridge.The film starts by giving us a quick background of each of the four members of the band , where they grew up and what their childhood was like . It then goes on to explain how they each got to being in the same band . Then we get 26 months squeezed into one and a half hours , the rest of the Pistols career , and everything upto Sid 's death is included . The films packs a suprising amount of information into it 's time span , not much is missed out , and certainly nothing is censored . `` Malcolms full of sh*t , he 's convinced everyone he 's full of sh*t but the sh*t he says . '' - Steve Jones.It is narrated by the surviving members , Malcolm McLaren , and various other music industry people from past and present interviews . And unlike ` The Great Rock 'n' Roll Swindle ' , this is the truth told by the band members . The majority of the footage is old , taken from archives of the Sex Pistols era . This plays a large hand in making the film the level that it is . It sets the mood of London in the late 70 's , and doesnt let up , the only faces you see are those of people in the 70 's . All the interview footage has their face in shadows . This was an excellent idea . `` They said I should just do what I want , and just f*ck everyone else , you know , just f*ck 'em . '' - A fan.Near the conclusion of the film there is quite a nice collection of footage from their last show ever , in America . It shows pretty much all of ` No Fun ' , their encore performance , and you can see they are in no shape to be playing together . They then leave the stage , and John says his infamous line , `` Every get the feeling youve been cheated ? Goodnight . '' `` It ended at the right time , for all the wrong reasons . '' - John Lydon.After going into Sid and Nancy 's deaths , the film builds to a brilliant climax , with great quotes from all the members , then finishes off with a line of John 's wisdom , a line that everyone should hear . This is one of the most moving conclusions to a film I 've ever experienced . `` Put simply , the best film about music ever made '' - Time Out.This is THE film , about THE band .
 I came of age with the Sex Pistols -LRB- I was 17 in 1977 -RRB- . I can remember being inspired by their music , but I never got to really know the motivation behind the punk movement . This documentary clarified it for me.Certainly I would n't want to live the lives of the Sex Pistols ... but the extremes of their life were like a never-ending machine gun spray against the plaisanteries that the bourgeois use to lie to themselves and others ... how polite gentleman screw over everybody and still remain the `` bedrock of the community '' . SP saw through all of this and offended the status quo with their authentic rage.Someone comments that the Sex Pistols ended at the right time for all the wrong reasons . I think that is an apt statement . Noone could carry on that type of intensity for a longer period and it seems as though the group was on the verge of being coopted for a number of reasons ... seems like the heroin had a lot to do with this . Of course , it 's also true that consumer society manages to coopt everything ... even though SPs rage and nihilism made it really difficult to do.Thomas Seay
 To many lies about the band prompted the full bleesing of Julian Temple , The Filth and the Fury . All surviving band memebers are interviewed with there faces blackened out as Temple takes the viewer through 1977 London , which at the time was a chaotic state . Through the squaller of London the Sex Pistols were born . Johnny Rotten is his usual brilliantly hilarious self as he corrects all the lies that were set forth mainly by Malcolm McLaren . Lots of footage shows the band on stage as well as in the streets . You get a clear picture on how pathetic a junkies life is in seeing Sid Vicious literally waste away right in front of you . Really sad . Lots of great moments for the band are in here as well . Like the Grundy interview and the Queens Jubilee boat ride . A definte must own for any Pistols fan . The best rock documnetary I ever seen .
 Filth and the Fury is a great documentary from director Julian Temple on the Sex Pistol 's . Film shows how the Pistol 's became England 's public enemy # 1 in 1976 and 1977 by shaking up the status quo.They went against the grain and took no prisoners . The main speaker is Johnny Rotten , and he gives his version of the story , which sounds a lot better than their manager , Mclaren.Has a great interview with Sid in 1978 , a year before his death , he seems quite lively and funny , and it 's quite sad that he died at 21 . Overall a great flick .
 This documentary shows footage of the Sex Pistols back in the day.They interview all the members of S.P although all the members are hidden in the shadows.I thought that was bizzare . But the documentay itself is great.Anybody who is interested in Sid especially should view this.This shows the true side of Sid Vicious.Yeah so does Sid and Nancy but this shows the real Sid in his drugged up , drunkin , cut up self.Viewers can also see how bad it got at some of the Sex Pistols shows.They inspire me becasue two record companies tore their contracts due to their nasty atitudes and bad habits.Instead of giving up on trying to release Never Mind the Bollocks , they kept going no matter what.They had a `` nice '' little reputation going on for them in the press.But hey , that 's just them.And we must drop down on our hands and knees and thank God for the Sex Pistols and their bad attitudes.Because if they had n't acted the way they did , Never Mind the Bollocks would be a whole different record . `` Hello EMI!GOOD BYE !!!!!!!!!!!!!! ''
 This DVD is fine , the quality is a bit grainy and I would have enjoyed more extras , but it 's fine.The `` documentary '' , if one can call it such , is typical `` Pistols fare '' and has become a cliche by this point . The style of `` The Great Rock & Roll Swindle '' has been replicated on the Filth and the Fury -LRB- and countless other Sex Pistols histories since -RRB- so much so that it would interesting to see someone tell the Pistol 's story straight and without all the deliberately choppy editing style like an editorial montage.I found the `` style '' of the film to be not only fairly unoriginal , but also distracting . What 's with Johnny Rotten and these clips of Sir Laurence Olivier in the role of Shakesphere 's Richard III ? I get the reference , but is n't it redundant to keep switching back & forth between Olivier 's performance and Rotten 's onstage ? I certainly thought so anyway.No telling of the Sex Pistol 's extreme history could ever possibly be dull and this film is no exception . If you do n't know the band 's history , then you really do n't know what you 're missing . Things were much wilder back then.For my money , 1978 's `` The Great Rock & Roll Swindle '' is still the best Sex Pistols film available ... indeed it is a work of art in its own right , apart from just its subject matter . I would recommend that film instead and also make a plea for someone/anyone to please reissue it on DVD soon .
 This is an outstanding film , even if you happen to hate the music . John Lydon 's narrative is full of wit , wisdom , humor and pathos , and the pacing of the film is outstanding . I particularly like it where someone will recite a Pistols ' myth , and then Lydon will set the record straight with something much more mundane . Also , I did n't know the music was dubbed over the film until I read a review , so do n't even worry about that , it works fine . Oh yes , the music is great by the way . There was a reason for the Pistols popularity besides social history .
 The Filth and The Fury is a must have for any true Rock 'n' Roll fan ! The film charts the meteoric rise and fall of the Sex Pistols . You get the story straight from the band who , tell the truth and pull no punches . The film includes many rare performance clips and interviews . Although the band only lasted a mere 26 months , the film proves that the Pistols ' music is just as relevant today as it was in 1977 -LRB- maybe more so ! -RRB- . If you 're a Pistols fan , buy this DVD ! If you 're not a fan , buy this DVD -LRB- you 'll become one !! -RRB- .
 Of all documentaries i 've ever seen about rock n ' roll bands this is a must see . It 's brilliant , it 's perfectly planned and it tells things as they were . It shows the Sex Pistols and their music in a whole different way .
 Somewhere in a Snow-White-and-the-Seven-Dwarfs suburbs a soccer mom just unloaded her brood for the match after the Soccer-mom 7-3 shift at the office and now has to go home help the digital-literate Nascar dad with the dinner and hope that the kids are home and the plates are in the dishwasher in time for American Idull , only to find a friend of a friend 's copy of The Filth and the Fury laying about , daring you to pop it in the player and find out what rock 'n roll was meant to be about before she swoon 's to another syrup drip balladeer over-singing supper club karoake standards . Maybe it would be of interest to the aspiring American consumer stereotypes that much of Simon Cowell 's ubersnob delivery can be attributed to Pistol 's head snarler Johnny Rotten . Their curiosity peaked , they drop it in and discover the Amercian consumer 's lifestyle is under bombardment , even though the Filth 's recollecting anti- establishment and chaos in the 70 's . Remarkably , one of the instant revelatory moments in this film is how up to date the Pistols look compared to the ridiculously vomitous slabs of polyesteryear fashions their supposedly hip hosts were wearing during the old interview clips . What 's more , this is exactly what Lydon -LRB- Rotten -RRB- hates the most about the Pistols legacy
 Filthy , awful , horrible words at that . The film beautifully outlines the short history of those quintessential punk rock icons , the Sex Pistols , from their painful birth out of the English social strife in the late 1970 's , to the heights of infamy , to their on-stage self-destruction just two years later . A must-see for any alt . rock fan . The `` cut and paste '' quality of the piece might rub some the wrong way , but I feel it fits the subject matter like a glove . If you have an interest in punk rock , or in general hellrazing , you 're gon na want to see this!Favorite quotes : `` We managed to offend all the people we were f *** ing fed up with ... '' - Johnny Rotten `` We were n't the nice boys that they thought we were . We are n't nice boys ... we were f *** ing nasty little bastards . And we still are ... '' - Sid Vicious
 They were never heartthrobs for millions of teenage girls . They were banned from performing almost anywhere in their country . Their musicianship could barely be called proficient . However , for a time , the Sex Pistols were one of the most talked-about and controversial bands in rock history . And their influence over pop culture during the late seventies , can only be compared to the Beatles ' influence in the mid - to late sixties . `` The Filth and the Fury '' is both a document of a great rock band and of a revolutionary time in our modern cultural history . No one can actually call the Sex Pistols the first punk band -LRB- there are arguments for the Damned , Ramones , even MC5 and the Stooges -RRB- ; however , they are , in my opinion , the most important punk band to come down the pike . Not because they were so controversial but because they made the adult world stand up and take notice what was going on.Julien Temple 's documentary perfectly illustrates the motivations , the main characters , and the happenings of that brief , but momentous , time in history . It is great to hear and see the band members in their own words -LRB- especially some rarely seen interviews with Sid Vicious -RRB- . However , it was unfortunate Malcolm McClaren did not and/or would not participate in any interviews ; especially because the way is he castigated and vilified by some of the band members.This film is great viewing for those who lived during and vividly remember these events ; and also great viewing for those who consider Blink 182 , Green Day , mXpX , etc. great punk bands .
 If you think your the only one who saw The Great R 'n' R Swindle and thought something was screwed up your very wrong . Your not alone ... There are mad loads of us Pistols fans still out here after 20 some odd years waiting for a movie about Sid , John , Paul and Steve that actually portrayed truth . We wanted more than fiction , we wanted to see what it was like as a Sex Pistol first hand , and who would know better than the Pistols themselves ? Thats what The Filth & the Fury was made to correct
 This movie is truly incredible . I 've been a punk fan since the day a friend handed me a cassette of the Dead Milkmen , a truly awful band from PA , but this movie just blew my mind . The Sex Pistols , along with the Ramones , have been a constant favorite of mine since age 16 , and this movie just strengthens my love of their music . after watching this , everything currently on the radio seems calculated and spineless , which of course it is ... This is required viewing for any punk , former punk , or anyone sick of what passes for rock these days .
 From formation in a fetish store in late 1975 to implosion in San Francisco in 1978 , the Sex Pistols were the Bashi-Bazouks of punk music , bringing the sound to millions of listeners . They came to embody the movement , whether as music of working class rage or songs of snotty adolescent rebellion.The members ' personalities were wildly different , fistfights were frequent and the Pistols replaced Glen Matlock , their bassist and best songwriter , with Sid Vicious , a sad heroin addict who literally could not play his instrument , in early 1977 . The band was only together for 26 months , and to paraphrase Gibbon , we should ask not why it broke up but why it lasted so long.The film 's answer , basically , is the Pistols had nowhere else to go . Guitarist Steve Jones says he hated playing guitar in early rehearsals but stuck with it because he did n't have anything else . It took Vicious ' slide in heroin addiction and manager Malcolm McLaren 's mismanagement to finally lead to the last concert , where singer Johnny Rotten said , more with weariness than contempt , `` Ever get the feeling you 've been cheated ? '' `` The Filth and the Fury '' is an enjoyable , interesting piece that puts the Pistols in the context of their times . It makes a few bold sallies toward objectivity -LRB- for the band 's reputation as a scream against the British establishment , Jones says he did n't know who the PM was and just wanted sex -RRB- but is essentially hero worship , as all rock documentaries are.That 's not necessarily a problem , but the movie strongly suggests the whole of England was against the Pistols , which not only downplays the support they had from music critics who were as sick of Emerson , Lake and Palmer as they were but suggests punk was being listened to all over the country . In reality , it had something more than a cult following , but not much ; the fear of punk gaining a broader audience drove much of the opposition documented here.Director Julien Temple , in his otherwise awful DVD commentary , points out he made `` The Great Rock N ' Roll Swindle '' in 1979 to dispel some of the hero worship the band had developed , thought it went too far and made `` Filth '' as a corrective . OK . But the movie puts the Pistols back on their pedestals , which means their influences -LRB- Alice Cooper , the Modern Lovers , the New York Dolls -RRB- and more durable bands like The Clash suffer in comparison . You 'd think punk owed everything to the Pistols after seeing this , and that ai n't the case.That said , it would take a filmmaker of rare incompetence to make the Pistols ' meteoric story boring , and Temple has gift for both narrative and humor . Rotten has one ego trip too many in his interview , but both he and the other members of the band provide new insights and details about the Pistols ' troubled life . McLaren is heard only through audio he recorded for `` Swindle , '' and it may be unfair , but the evidence does n't weigh well in his favor . You get to see footage of `` Who Killed Bambi ? '' the lousy film the Pistols did -LRB- with an appearance by Sting -RRB- and a previously unseen 1978 interview with Vicious , who speaks with a surly eloquence.It 's great storytelling about a singular moment in time . The Pistols may have an importance out of proportion to their recorded legacy , but `` Filth '' does justice to their peculiar place in music .
 The Filth and The Fury , in my opinion , was a very in-depth documentary about one of the greatest punk rock bands ever . Peering into the personalities of the members of the U.K. band , this movie would give even the most skepitcal person a whole new perspective on the Pistols . You get an inside look at what really went on within the band . There was more to them than their rude , obnoxious exteriors . In Filth , John Lydon -LRB- aka Johnny Rotten -RRB- cries over the death of Sid Vicious . For anyone who thought that all he could do was yell and spit , this film is a must-see . For anyone who was and/or still is a fan of the Sex Pistols , you should definitely check this out .
 Yes , I agree with all the others before me , a real documentary !! Finally something to watch other then the crap put out by McClaren.I loved this because it had the actually means of telling you what happened . With real interviews , even with Sid Vicious himself ! Why should anyone have to buy anyother `` documentary '' when you have John Lydon himself telling you what happened ? You have the actually televised interviews that made the pistols their `` filthy '' - selves . This tells the story from begining to end , with no bull . I see this as not only an important part of my Sex Pistols collection , but as a masterpiece . Because it tells the story from the mouth of the creators . Not the snakes . Great for all Pistols Fans and even those who want the truth .
 Take a trip back in time and watch this film . See how Johnny still grieves over Sid 's death . See the Pistols play a benfit for children . See early footage of the band.A lot of good inside information and a surprising amount of music . A must for Sex Piatols ' fans .
 Wow . The Sex Pistols ? Never heard a more perfect name for a band . Immediately conjures up all sorts of images . Then seeing photographs of the band and the environment they spawned
 The surreal documentary of the rise and fall of the punk band the Sex Pistols is a very captivating film directed by Julien Temple . The filming techniques and the multitude of clips that enhanced the documentary ranging from cuts of the bands performances , ads taken from British television shows , the beginnings of a social collapse in Britain portrayed by the garbage strike and street demonstrations tell a very empowering story.I thought it did an excellent job of giving an accurate account about the exciting , repulsive , offensive and even pitiful lives of the band members who were ostracized and hated by most of the British society . Yet it also portrayed the huge punk movement and culture they began and the people whom lived off of the rebellious vibes of their music . Music in a sense can be cult-like , and in this situation it was . Though each band member had their own personal problems besides the frequent inter-band disagreements , still a sense of a common following was founded based on revolution.Their short-lived music career was nothing more than a harsh statement about life
 If you 're in the mood for a edgy documentary , why then you 've came to the right place . The Filth and the Fury is a well-done documentary about the Sex Pistols that was put together 18 years after the demise of the band . The movie did a good job representing the Sex Pistols and all they stood for - I just wish that it would have gone more in depth on their music and history.I 've seen documentaries on bands before , but none that went in the direction that this one did . Other band documentaries that I 've seen concentrate on the band 's music and them playing their music . This one seemed to concentrate on the image of the Sex Pisols and their effect on society at the time . Of course , that was the basis of the Sex Pisols ' noteriety - their effect on culture . They were the pioneers of punk music and culture , so it was obiously going to go in that direction.Rock groups have had a huge effect on me and my life , as well as many teenagers , and so it was cool to see how youth were reacting to bands back then . Music has always had a profound effect on youth culture , and that 's made ever apparent in this movie . Music helps defines who teens and young adults are - it plays a huge role in their character development . It 's crazy and enlightening to see who was influencing some of the people in the older generation.There was numerous odd aspects about this film however , one being that the manager of the band , when being interviewed , wore a weird rubber suit that kind of freaked me out . The film being broken up by some old British Shakespearian movie was kind of wierd as well , but it was cool though.I wish there would have been sub-titles for some of the interviews because some of the interviewees ' British accents were too strong to understand what they were saying . After a while I got used to it , but nonetheless.I really like learning about bands and their history and effect on the music world or the world in general , and so I obviously liked this movie . I 've seen seriously about 40 VH1 `` Behind the Music `` s , and if you 're into that type of thing , then this movie is for you . Overall , I liked it a lot . Like I said before , it probably would have been more interesting if it went a little more in depth on their history , but that 's about the only drawback . Actually , another drawback was that it showed some nudity toward the begginning . -LRB- ... -RRB- . If you have the time - go see see this movie - it 's two hours well spent .
 Julian Temple directed this tour-de-force documentary on seminal punks The Sex Pistols . Loaded with interviews and behind the scenes footage -LRB- some never seen before -RRB- , you can see why a band that only released one album in their short career has become such an icon of modern music . Whether you care for the band or not , do not miss this one !
 Great docu on the band . With great footage of England in the 70 's . Great band footage and lot 's of great interviews . I laso reviewed the book . It 's pretty cool , but this dvd is awesome . Great insight into the whole time period of how bleak everything was . And how they came together to create something that no one realized would become the voice of the youth for a decade . Great film .
 I must preface this review by saying I 'm not a Sex Pistols `` fan '' and did not know much about them -- I wanted to do a presentation on the strange death of Nancy Spungeon and so wanted to do some research . This DVD blew me away ! I admire these men for just being honest and telling it like it is . It made me wish I had the kahunas to do the same ... they had the courage to stand up to society , authority , etc. to make their voices heard . And , at times , were just nuts . Very entertaining , interesting . Really enjoyed the flashes of 70s commercials/popular t.v. I would recommend this to anyone who has -LRB- or wishes they had -RRB- a rebellious streak or who enjoys musical and social revoution . -LRB- And , frankly , you ca n't BEAT this price -RRB-
 GREAT FILM , IF YOUR A FAN ENOUGH SAID !!!! I BOUGHT THIS OFF WALMART.COM AND I COULD N'T KEEP MY EYES OFF THIS FILM VERY ENTERTAINING !
 Almost all documentaries about popular music are schlock . This one is n't . It 's a movie about The Sex Pistols , a band from 1970s England that you may have heard of . If you have n't , they were a punk rock band that is famous mostly for being famous . Much has been written about them ; most of it apocryphal . At least half of this movie is from an earlier film entitled The Great Rock 'n' Roll Swindle -LRB- 1980 -RRB- . It was a campy pseudo documentary . It was terrible by design . The Filth And The Fury is a fairly straightforward documentary by comparison . It 's chock full of interviews with the surviving band members -LRB- some of which is recycled -RRB- and rare live footage . Even if you do n't like this sort of music , you may still find this film entertaining .
 Not only is this filled with excellent footage of the band , but it 's also a telling of the history and climate of the 1970s Britain at the time the band was coming up . I 've watched this countless number of times , and I get something new from it each time .
 This is a very good overview of the Sex Pistols . While it is very good , it left me wanting to know more . This should have been a two hour film to be more complete .
 `` What you 've seen in any documentary about any band before or since is how great and wonderful everything is . Its not the truth of it ; its hell , its hard , its horrible , its enjoyable to a small degree , but if you know what you 're doing it for , you 'll tolerate all that . Because the work , at the end of the day , is what matters . We managed to offend all the people we were f *** ing fed up with `` Thus intones one Johnny Rotten -LRB- aka John Lydon -RRB- over a credit sequence which emulates the opening of the legendary film version of Oliver 's `` Richard III '' - and Lydon knows of which he speaks because as the teenage front-man of `` The Sex Pistols '' , probably the singularly most reviled and misunderstood band of all time , he certainly had it harder than most.To my mind , there 's no two ways about it - `` The Sex Pistols '' are THE band that broke a fundamental law of physics by literally creating something out of the nothing of economic , social and cultural poverty that was England in the mid-seventies . And in this film , which remains probably the best music documentary ever made -LRB- and my personal favourite of all time -RRB- , you get to hear , in their own words , how they charted a notorious course from being four disparate , penniless teenagers hanging around a rubber-ware shop on the King 's Road to being banned from playing in the UK and pursued around the US by the CIA and FBI because they were considered such a threat to the establishment.Listening to Lydon , Cook , Jones , Matlock and Vicious -LRB- in absentia -RRB- recounting their tale in silhouette over a wealth of material cobbled together from the films `` DOA '' and `` The Great Rock And Rock Swindle '' , as well as hours of never before seen archive footage , gives you a devastatingly honest insight into not only the times and circumstances that formed them , but also the morass of scumbags , groupies , hangers-on and imbeciles that populate the gristle-mill of the music industry to this day.One gets the impression that Julien Temple , who previously directed the Malcolm MacLaren propaganda exercise , `` The Great Rock And Roll Swindle '' , is almost undertaking an act of atonement with this film and he wisely chooses to forego overt directorial flourishes in favour of just letting the parties involved speak for themselves.Alternately hysterically funny , genuinely touching and occasionally chilling -LRB- Vicious ' final words to camera are haunting -RRB- , as a film it is never anything less than fascinating . And as strange as it may sound , I personally find it to be one of the most energizing and positive pieces of cinema that I 've ever seen . I watch my copy regularly and would recommend it wholeheartedly to anyone despairing at the state of their lives - because if four council estate kids with nothing but a shed-load of anger -LRB- which really ` is ' an energy , when properly channeled -RRB- can change the world in their own shambolic way , then you can learn a lot from their example , whatever your age .
 Yea I recieved this D.V.D. from U.P.S. Was n't real thrilled over the shipping company , IE `` U.P.S. '' They are no good no fun !! And anyhow watched Me movie and came up with some great ideas !! Anyhow this is ... STIVAN
 To me , it is much more left to imagine than doco had shown already.A useful work as still not so much to see of this scandalously famous band grasping the fame a generation ago .
 punk rock originally had almost no impact in the usa . it was a mostly british phenomenom brought on by very difficult economic times in england . the punk band that had the biggest impact on england was the sex pistols . the sex pistols viciously attacked -LRB- with words , music and outrageous publicity stunts -RRB- their society 's traditions , morality and self image . in return they were throughly hated , physically attacked , beat up and knifed right on the streets of london . the british people hated them and wanted to kill them . all this makes for a very compelling true story . told as this flim is from the sex pistols point of view it makes their anger and resentment at their class divided society understandable and sympathetic . at the time 99.9 % of the american people had never heard of the sex pistols . their usa tour was barely mentioned in the usa press . they never played nyc -LRB- media capital of the world -RRB- . the people at the atlanta show -LRB- in the film -RRB- seemed to think that the sex pistols were some kind of glitter band . any suggestion that the sex pistols -LRB- or puck rock in general -RRB- was some kind of mighty force sweeping the country is revisionist wishfull thinking by people who were not around back then . punk rock never had much impact in america . still this story of the sex pistols is a weird , compelling slice of true life . highly recommended .
 For a documentery this movie was great ! The best I have ever seen , but get really the sex pistols were n't talk the where playing and singing to make a documentary of a band with out full length concert footage is a no no . This is a great rental but , if you are over your head crazy about the band buy the cd instead .
 If your a Pistols fan you will like it , if not you 'll be annoyed and bored with it . My brother is a huge pistols fan and loved it . I like the Pistols but wasx kind of bored with it . Pretty much watching a movie abotu the trainwreck that was the first tour and Sid Vicious . Makes you wonder if the whole thing was a staged work to get kids into the Pistols . Its amost contrived the manner why which they presented their music . And the music if you listen to it is very sleak and well crafted . The songs , in reality are very pop and the image is not . Makes you wonder .
 I found the movie a little boring at times -LRB- except for the amazing old footage of the Sex Pistols in the late 70 's era -RRB- . I thought it was a bit dramatic how when they interviewed Steve Jones , John Lydon , and Paul Cook that they would n't show their faces.Some of the things they were saying were very repetitive.If you want to know more about the Sex Pistols , I would suggest watching this movie.It corresponds very well to John Lydon 's `` Rotten : No Irish , No Blacks , No Dogs '' .
 ... to pull out all my old Pistols LPs and remember how fun they are to listen to.This movie almost seemed to zip by too fast , but then , so did the Sex Pistols . Come to think of it , the last 20 years -LRB- when I first started listening to them in junior high and chopped my hair off into a spike -RRB- also zipped by pretty fast ... they put all the best songs , the best performances in here , along with some rare footage.Sex Pistols fans may have already seen the interview with a nodded-out Sid Vicious and sleazy girlfriend Nancy Spungen -LRB- who makes Courtney Love on one of her bad days look like Grace Kelly in comparison -RRB- trying to wake him up for the camera as he snores -LRB- `` Sid , wake up ... they 're tryin ' ta interview ya ... '' -RRB- . But what no fans may not have seen is a short , heartbreaking clip of an interview with Vicious after he is out on bail after being arrested for her murder . When the interviewer thoughtlessly asks him if he 's ` having fun right now ' -LRB- what was that reporter thinking ? the kid looks completely miserable -RRB- , Vicious just chuckles bitterly and asks him , `` Are you kidding ? No , I 'm not having any fun , at all . '' When the interviewer asks him where he wishes he was right now , Vicious ' quiet , calm answer to the question is so chilling and heartfelt that it made every hair on my body stand on end . In a scene shortly after , John Lydon talks about Sid getting his aforementioned wish , and for a minute you think that in the voice over he is laughing , because as a rule you do n't see John Lydon displaying any other emotion other than general crankiness . Then you suddenly , shockingly realize he 's actually in genuine tears over his dead boyhood friend.But you can also see the fun the Sex Pistols had while it lasted-especially memorable during a retelling of how they played a children 's party -LRB- still not sure what the story behind this was , or what the people who organized it were thinking , but it was a stroke of genius -RRB- , with footage of them covered in cake after they start a food fight , to one of the Pistol 's best songs -LRB- in my opinion -RRB- , `` Bodies '' . What struck me is how the Sex Pistols -LRB- who , at the time , were not far out of their teens themselves -RRB- look and act about the same age as the kids at the party . They are obviously having just as much fun as the kids , too - they try to look like tough punk rockers but ca n't wipe the smiles off their faces as they joyfully have a ball.The soundtrack , timing , and editing are all perfect . `` Submission '' , another of my favorite songs -LRB- and in my opinion , one of their more underrated ones -RRB- is played over the credits , and it fits perfectly . As I said , my one complaint that was it zipped by too fast , but talking with my husband after the movie , so did the Sex Pistols . One of the better rock documentaries I 've seen . A must see for Sex Pistols fans .
 In a day and age awash with formulaic drivel from boy bands , Britney , Madonna , Kid Rock , etc. , this film is a breath of pure fresh rock n roll air . A must for any devotee of the band . The movie contains incredible live performance footage and fascinating interviews with the surviving members of the band . John Lydon emerges as an erudite , sensitive , creative , and deep thinking punk rock pioneer , but above all a sincerely motivated social critic . Sid Vicious and Nancy Spungen in the flesh here have the effect of rendering the Alex Cox 's `` Sid and Nancy '' obsolete . What this documentary primarliy impressed upon me me was the strong political streak that runs through the Sex Pistol 's work . And on top of it all , it ROCKS .
 This documentary of the Sex Pistols give you a good idea of who these guys are , where they came from , and what they were all about . Many clips from British television , animation and pictures and film footage of the Sex Pistols are used here to tell the story of the birth , rise , and crucifixion of the most notorious rock band in music history . Along with great commentaries by the surviving band members . All of them always , seperately , in silhouette during their commentaries.You come away with a deeper understanding of the Sex Pistols after watching this DVD . There are insights given here that some fans may not have known about . People saw the band fall apart but this film shows HOW they fell apart and why . They were a band who came out of the dulldrams of British life during the 70 's and rose to fame during the birth of punk but in the end of their career may have been exploited as controversial freaks and not a serious band . The band sensed it and broke up . Appropriately , the last song played at their final concert was called `` No Fun '' . You see the punk rock scene in 1970 's England , you see the Bill Grundy interview that gave birth to the bands notorious reputation . And you get Jones ' and Rotten 's take on the Grundy interview as the clip played . You see the band singing `` No Fun '' at their last concert in San Francisco and expressing their feelings and insight toward their demise and their regrets through voice overs during the concert clip . You see the demise of Sid Vicious , the sad picture painted of him and Nancy Spurgen , and you see the chilling interview of Sid that showed the unstable state of mind he was in during his pending trial of Nancy 's murder . Johnny Rotten , emotionally , expresses his regrets for not helping Sid more and not preventing his death in some way . It is surprising to hear the emotion from Rotten because he is a guy who you never see express sadness and show tears . Its a rare and real moment captured on tape.As the film goes along you become more captivated by this unique documentary . It captivates you as it goes along because its very insightful to the feelings of the band members and their manager Malcolm and they 're all very giving with their insights and feelings . This is a revealing documentary in its abstract approach to telling the story of the Sex Pistols.The DVD comes with the widescreen version , feature length commentary by director Julien Temple , a documentary on the punk movement , trailer , and DVD-ROM links to the original theatrical website . This is a must have for Sex Pistol and punk rock fanatics .
 The Filth and The Fury is an exemplary film about an significant period in British history - the late 1970 's . It should be shown in every high school history class . Director Julien Temple gets another crack at the Sex Pistols as his subject after 1980 's `` The Great Rock n ' Roll Swindle '' , but with a new twist - humanity.This is a humourous and touching film - especially when Rotten comes to tears while speaking of Sid 's demise . Who would have thought that the closest bond in the band would be between Rotten and Vicious . The narration was by each band member in silhouette - clearly illustrating their feeling that they had all been rape victims . The `` rapist '' himself , manager Malcolm McLaren is represented by a respiring black rubber mask - the bondage that restricted the band . Juxtaposed throughout are scenes from British comedy shows from which Rotten amassed his wide range of spectacular facial expressions , and scenes from Richard The III , in which Laurence Olivier spouts lines perfectly coinciding with the Pistols ' own story . After all , they had an exceptional sense of theatrics.Though they were hygienically and linguistically foul , the racket the Pistols made was pristine and clear in its intent . Though the lyrics were snide and bleak , they were a mad celebration of youth and rebellion . The music was actually quite melodic and uplifting , probably due to bassist Glen Matlock 's love of the Beatles . The chorus of `` No Future '' was a glorious anti-national anthem , sung with exuberance and joy despite the fact that the message was a pessimistic one . The dirge-like `` We Shall Overcome '' was sung by Martin Luther King 's followers with poignant sadness , yet the Pistols ' `` No Future '' was chanted in pure hopeless reverie - against the monarchy , against youth repression , against discrimination , and against disco . Watching people in flares trodding through all the trash in London 's streets during the garbage strike , Rotten saw they were clearly missing the point ; `` Wear the garbage bag ! '' The Pistols ' punk fashion ; ripped and pinned clothing was actually created out of poverty.Whether floating down the Thames on a barge playing `` God Save The Queen '' on the day of the queen 's Silver Jubilee or performing for missile-tossing rednecks in Texas , the Pistols remained resilient and allegiant to their kamikaze mission All the energy put into banning them both in the UK and the US forcing them to play under assumed names caused more of a sensation than the harmless Pistols would have ever caused on their own.The live concert footage -LRB- overdubbed with studio tracks -RRB- is remarkable , especially a charity party the band played at for children of firemen who had lost their jobs . Rotten proclaims it one of the best times he had , being lovingly covered in cream pies by very young children as he sang , `` Mommy , I 'm not an animal '' ! Quite touching.The band 's moniker was conceived by McLaren to depict A Clockwork Orange sort of maniacal youth gang ; a pack of sexy guys brandishing weapons , but the Pistols were actually too charmingly laughable to pull off that image . The shots of the band as cheeky kids with mischievous smiles against a soundtrack of the Pistols ' dauntless anarchistic diatribes on television depicted their genuine innocence . All they really did was tell the truth , and as Rotten says , `` We declared war on England without meaning to . ''
 I rate this movie 8/10 or 4 stars . This movie is among the 1000 Best Movies on DVD by Peter Travers . It won 3 awards in 2000 as best documentary in Chicago , Sao Paolo , and the Online Film Critics Society Awards.The movie depicts the history of one of the most controversial Rock bands ever
 OK , watched the Sex Pistols documentary `` The Filth and the Fury . '' A recent flick , it came out in 2000 and interviewed the surviving members of the Pistols , though they were but silhouettes residing in the comfort of midlife homes . It 's an extraordinary documentary detailing the rise of punk and the brief life of the Sex Pistols . They played but for two years , banned , hated and vilified . The documentary ends appropriately enough during their final show with Sid Vicious in San Francisco , with Johnny Rotten sadly sneering to the audience , `` Do you ever get the feeling you 've been cheated ? `` I suppose everyone is familiar with the legend of the Sex Pistols , and if you 're not , this documentary is as good a place to start as any . What I liked about `` The Filth and the Fury '' was how accurately it detailed the conditions in England that gave rise to punk music and fashion . Americans love to claim everything as their own , and the Ramones have certainly carried that `` punk creation '' torch to their graves . But `` The Filth and the Fury '' slaps everyone back into reality . The Sex Pistols were the first , and that LP `` Never Mind the Bullocks '' echoes down through generations as crystal clear as a golden coin.After watching this documentary and listening to their album , I am amazed how contemporary the Sex Pistols are . Much of the music that followed , The Clash , The Misfits , The Circle Jerks , even U2 , feels oddly dated today , a testament of the decade of the 1980s . But place the Sex Pistols on the air , and blasting from the speakers is incredible anger and energy , as profound and timeless as `` A Clockwork Orange . '' The music has aged well , and one never blushes when listening to it.Watching the documentary , I was amazed how modern the members of the band looked , interviewed by 70s fashion victims adorned in wide lapels , offensive plaid and flared pants . These reporters , attempting to make sense , were as befuddled as JFK assassination reporters , trying to nurture terrified audiences . The sad fact , and one which is detailed in `` The Filth and the Fury , '' is that the band eventually became a freak show , the music forgotten or lost by the time they wearily limped on stage in San Francisco.The footage which haunts and terrifies , is of the Sex Pistols playing their infamous 1978 tour through the southern United States . Dallas , San Antonio , Atlanta , Memphis , long-haired crowds resembling frightened Bob Seegers . Audiences threw trash on the stage , beer bottles at Sid Vicious ' face , and yet the band played on , realizing that America was a scary place ... `` Throw what you want at me , I 'm not leaving this stage ! `` Can you imagine a band like the Sex Pistols playing here today ? They would get lynched . American music writers wax poetic about the Sex Pistols ' cruise through Texas and the south . But we see footage of the San Antonio and Dallas shows , people standing as stark as statues , terrified of what they were witnessing . The echoes of those concerts carry through to today , profound and horrifying . For the Sex Pistols to have embarked through the southern U.S. with that incredibly blatant brand of rebellion was almost suicidal . They cut a path through a dense forest of a conservative Urban Cowboy rocker wastelands . The wake splashes today.The Sex Pistols band died young , no doubt . They have but one album , and a lot of haunting film footage . But to watch them in this documentary during their prime , fiercely screaming `` Anarchy in the UK , '' `` God Save the Queen '' and `` Bodies , '' is to see the ultimate example of what the musical form known as rock represents . They scared the establishment . They freaked it out . Working class and brutal , the Sex Pistols were the revolution that crushed the flowers of Woodstock . There are no ballads in `` The Filth and the Fury . '' Just a slap reverberating across generations.This is one of the greatest rock documentaries ever made .
 this film shows exactly why the sex pistols were and still are one of the scariest , yet smartest , bands to ever exist . rare film footage shows them performing for audiences that at times do not know what to do to this new music called punk , other times they begin the punk protocol of slam dancing , spitting , etc. john lydon , mr. rotten to you , is the voice most heard here , and he tells things the way they really were -LRB- does he know any other way ? hell no -RRB- , and his candor is refreshing
 Julien Temple and The Sex Pistol 's anecdote to `` Sid & Nancy . `` The documentary `` The Filth and the Fury '' amounts to personal points of view from the band members brought forefront , with actual recorded video footage over two decades old . Johnny Rotten blasts Malcolm McClaren , Steve and Paul blast Sid 's awful bass playing skills , and everyone gangs up on Glen ... sounds like the Pistols to me!The documentary is a sociocultural and historical perspective from the band members pertaining to everything from Great Britain 's economic depression during the late 1970 's , to individual opinions on the creative stagnation of musical creativity that plagued popular music during the period . Actual video footage acts as a band diary in revealing the complex issues each fool had to deal with.The interview with Sid Vicious is absolutely classic , the live action sequences of filthy , underground dive shows with the audience hanging on for the ride capture the pure essence which seems to have been lost in this modern day arena rock period . The indigence scene will always be a means of new and more creative sounds and it seems as though after watching this movie , you may have missed out on something good.The documentary is superfluously laced with ancient clips of an English version of Richard III at the beginning of the documentary , only to taper off towards the end . The documentary is full of scenes cutting and switching to events , while back-tracking to live interviews where band members are sitting in dark rooms to hide their aged faces ... as more and more natural light fills their rooms , you begin to see the outlines of their faces . Of course there are other documentaries on the Sex Pistol that have live interviews with their current aged selves ... there is one documentary entitled `` Never Mind the Bollocks , Here 's the Sex Pistols , '' which has an up to date interview with Malcolm McClaren and the rest of the gang.With a background score almost entirely consisting of Pistol songs , excellent footage of riots in England , and the documentation of the band 's self-destruction , right along with Nancy and Sid 's self-destruction , the movie ends itself on gloomy circumstances where Mr. Rotten encourages people to see life his way.The movie is an absolutely wonderful watch , even if you never had the chance to enjoy The Sex Pistols or punk rock for the matter .
 Far superior to `` The Great Rock & Roll Swindle , '' `` The Filth and the Fury '' is a well-rounded , honest look at the history and aftermath of the most influential rock band of the last quarter of the twentieth century . -LRB- Will they be making documentaries about N'Sync or Kid Rock or Eminem or Creed in 25 years ? Please . I somehow doubt it . -RRB- This documentary is n't afraid to be honest , and the result is the utter humanization of a very misunderstood band . Johnny Rotten even sheds tears over the tragic waste that was his friend , Sid Vicious , and he is touching with his sentiment and candor.This movie is always fun , and it certainly provokes nostalgia for anyone who grew up as a punk while educating those who kept their distance.Punk may very well be quite dead , but the spirit is still alive in those who keep the faith .
 If you care at all about The Sex Pistols , I think you 'll find this film extremely entertaining . I hope this film gets them some new fans , too . I remember when I was growing up , thinking that if I were ever to hear the band , it 'd just be a bunch of noise . I could n't have been more surprised when I first heard `` God Save the Queen '' -- it 's just great rock music , that 's all . I think that this movie makes a convincing case for the band 's importance and power . They were , in the end , with all the controversy and shocked onlookers aside , just a fantastic rock band . This film gets behind that great band , lets the individual members tell the truth , intercuts the footage with some compelling images -- some sad , some hilarious , all memorable -- and lets you sit back and enjoy .
 tells the REAL story of the pistols and gives each band-member 's perspective . absolutely amazing
 Great movie good for any pistols fan . It goes into some of the background , etc. . It 's worth the money ...
 This is a great film on an interesting cultural subject -- The Sex Pistols ! I remember seeing the Sex Pistols documentary ` DOA ' in the early eighties . This was another great Sex Pistols film , but TF&F ; takes an even closer look at the Pistols.I do n't know why the decision was made to do the silhouetted interviews with the surviving Pistols , however . Were they being shy and timid ? Unlikely . . John Lydon 's sarcasm and wit are so enjoyable that we must hope he continues to never like anything or anybody in the future.Purchase the DVD and enjoy . Show the non-believers that musical integrity does/did exist and not every puff musician is a bought and sold commodity . . Can you really believe what they call ` Punk Rock '' these day ! Bollocks ! `` Thank you '' Sex Pistols !
 as a true sex pistols fan , i really enjoyed that movie when i first saw it at the movies . But , there there is one thing that could 've make it better . All the songs are pasted on the performances from Nevermind the Bollocks except a few ones . The original sound must 've been in really bad shape if Temple had to do that . But frankly , that 's all that 's negative about it , the rest is very good and any sex pistols fan with self-esteem must see this , trust me .
 if you want to know everything about the sex pistols ... i suggest you buy this video because it has everything from baby pictures to there last concert as a band together
 This was a great movie , and well worth buying . I feel as if I did n't know a whole lot about punk before I watched this movie . It 's an amazing documentary , and without it , I would n't be the Richard the III freak I am toady . Watch it , buy OR rent it , I promise you wo n't regret it .
 If you want to understand what the Sex Pistols were to British culture , how they turned the cultural paradigm on end
 Julien Temple 's The Filth and the fury is an exciting , punk filled and very interesting film about the Pistols where in which not only do they incorporate footage from they 're concerts -LRB- much never seen before -RRB- and footage from old British TV shows from the mid to late 70 's , but also includes the original 4 members of the Pistols -LRB- the version before Sid Vicious came in -RRB- in silhouette form . They each bring insight , often touching and cool to many of the Pistols most infamous moments and tragedies -LRB- including the British TV show where they were the first to say the f word and footage from they 're last painful concert in San Francisco . Sometimes the film steers of from it 's original trajectory , but when it has it 's sights set on the Pistols and it 's legacy , it shows that it 's one of the best rockumentaries in sight .
 this is the real deal , no punches are pulled , a great buy , the pistolsa the the must real band iv ' e ever seen . even if u do n't like them it is still fun to watch ... GO GET ITTTT
 Director Julien Temple should have remembered the scene in `` Almost Famous '' when Lester Bangs advises the neophyte rock journalist to `` NEVER make friends with the band ! '' Fast forward to the infamous `` crying scene '' in `` Filth And The Fury '' , where John Lydon , reminiscing about Sid Vicious , chokes back tears and says `` He 's f -- dead , JULIEN ... '' Oops ... there goes the `` fourth wall '' ! That said , this is still an entertaining wallow in the late 70 's English punk scene in all of its filth and glory . Purists will cringe over the use of crisp studio versions of songs wedded to grainy performance footage , but in a way this spin stays right in line with the whole `` rock 'n' roll swindle '' concept . The film could have explored historical perspective and musical influences a bit more , instead of `` Malcolm McLaren did this to us , M.M. did that to us '' self-pity for two hours . Reality check , Mr. Lydon
 The Pistols may not of had the most talent -LRB- or any at all ... -RRB- but this did n't stop them -LRB- helped them ? -RRB- from being the best f*cking punk band of all time . This documentory is a great look at the Sex Pistols history , even if it did leave out some interessting bits -LRB- A bit on the Ronnie Bigs episode would of been nice -RRB- . Great interviews with the band , including an old one with Sid , great footage , great soudtrack , a great buy for anyone who loves punk -LRB- I would also recommend reading Johnny Rottens autobiography ; Rotten -RRB-
 superflykai gives an excellent review below and says exactly what I would have said , if I had only gotten here first . So I wo n't try and top it.What I will say though is that this is probably my favorite film of all time . You can tell that this was a real work of love . The editing is unbelievable and is actually more of an art film than anything else . Johnny Rottens naration just pulls you in . You see how intelligent he really is . No censorship here . There are virtually endless amounts of original scenes intercut in the most thoughtful way . Great interviews with Sid Vicious and silly scenes of him walking through the High Park in London with his swastika t-shirt and black leather jacket freaking everyone out . Great live performance scenes and you see that Steve Jones plays guitar as good on stage as he did in the studio . It 's amazing to see how great they really were . There are also some heartfelt moments where Johnny feels a geat sense of sorrow about not knowing how to help Sid and he holds back the tears as he remembers how the papers exploited Sid 's death and made a joke out of it . Too much material in this film to even begin to cover it . It 's simply a great film and I highly recommend it to anyone with a mind.If you care about rock and roll as a means of social consiousness or as a way of personal liberation from all the social stupidiy , or if you ever dared rebel against authority , then this is a film for you and about you . I do n't know any other band who did what the Sex Pistols did . Everything else now seems boring to me.My only complaint is that the film left me wanting for more . I 've now seen all these great little clips of all these shows and all this chaos and I just want to see more of it . . I hope they release an updated version . I would like to see the entire Sid and Nancy interviews on a bonus disc . That would be great . I 'd like to see more live shows complete from start to finish . The bonus materials on the disc are n't that great . Not much really . Only a couple of items . . I would also recommend Johnny Rottens autobiography , `` Rotten
 Well no , I was n't at the 100 Club that night either ; I was far too young but nomatter when you got into the Pistols , this offering will be of interest to you . Documenting the rise and fall of the band , we flit from 1976 London to 1978 San Francisco in what seemed like no time.Contrasting with The Great Rock 'n Roll Swindle , this punkumentary is told by the band members -LRB- including Sid -RRB- as opposed to McLaren . It would have been nice to have heard his reaction to the way Jones , Cook and expecially Lydon tell it but I suppose they would not have participated if McLaren was involved at all.You have to look past Temple 's style of documentary
 The `` Filth and the Fury '' brings you the auto-biographic history of the Sex Pistols . It is the only movie that revisits the era in which the Pistols stormed onto the music scene , saying ... You '' to meanstream music , only to crash and burn in their visit to the United States , from the surviving band members point of view.The Sex Pistols give you everything you need to know about them in this movie . Their hatred for British society and government in the 1970s , as well as their hatred for their manager , Malcolm McLaren . It effectively displayed the effect their music had to their audience , showing the transition of style from show to show . -LRB- If you are particular squimess to fetish or baby pin piercings , do not watch this movie -RRB- . And , rather humorously , `` The Filth and the Fury '' shows what ... off meanstream society about the Pistols.Perhaps what is most memorizing about the movie is Johnny Rotten 's emotional response to the death of his good friend and bass player , Sid Vicious . It is a side of Rotten that few will ever see , and the moment would have been even greater if he was n't covered by a shadow . -LRB- All band members , in reflecting on the past , are covered with shadows -RRB- With qoutes from `` Paradise Lost '' and clips from Shakespeare productions , the director seems to think his movie is advertised to British Literature majors . Malcolm McLaren 's point of view is basicly eliminated . He is limited only to sound bites voiced over a man in a perversive leather mask . McLaren 's portrayal in the movie is both distasteful and bias.Other than these few problems , the movie is great when showing who the Pistols are and how and why they ... off England . You do not have to be a Sex Pistol fan to see this movie .
 Before i saw this film , all i knew about the Sex Pistols was what i heard from the albums Bollocks and R&R ; swindle , and some stories here and there that seem mostly exaggerated to fit them into some legendary punk rock god status.So , for me , this movie was very interesting . The thing that is most interesting about it is that it seems to document both the birth and death of the entire Punk Rock spirit as it existed in England all in 100 minutes.The whole `` story '' is told very simply and as clearly as it can be . We see a small group of people having fun and expressing themselves in new ways grow into a very large group of people who buy into the whole `` look and feel '' of the movement as a trend , and through it all , we get anecdotes about how the members of the Sex Pistols fit into the whole thing ... from their first gig to the very last . . all the way to the death of Sid.I think anyone interested in music would enjoy this movie . I do n't mind that the concert footage is overdubbed , or that the songs are interrupted with `` chatter '' as one reviewer stated . After all , that `` chatter '' is why i bought the movie in the first place . I knew i was n't buying a concert film.But , it would be very cool to have another film comprised of nothing but that concert footage uninterrupted , and without musical overdubs as a companion dvd .
 I ca n't say this is the best rock and roll documentary ever made because I could n't care less about the music of most other bands , let alone watch a happy little movie about how they became the celebrated , mediocre band they are . I can say this is a touching , hilarious , inspiring , fascinating film about some very young men , their music , their fashion and the social upheaval they caused just by saying what they believed.Julien Temple does a great job with the movie itself , giving the Pistols a strong sense of context for the American viewer , but his commentary on the DVD leaves something to be desired . Someone should have told him that this is n't an interview , but a chance for him to comment on the images in front of him .
 It 's not immediately apparent where Punk stands in historical terms . There were only a handful of great bands , the music was rarely memorable , and the whole thing -LRB- the real thing I mean , not the post-punk posing -RRB- was practically over within four years . Compared with the sixties , when the pop movement encompassed a revolution in sexual habits , drug-taking , fashion , music , film , civil rights , concepts of individuality and community , and even took on and managed to end a major war , it looks like Punk was just one of a number of notable ripples -LRB- another being Red Brigades-style terrorism -RRB- which extended outwards after 1969 . But ripple or not , it had a bigger cultural impact than anything else on my teenage years
 I 'm not going to write 10 paragraghs . I will keep it short/sweet . This movie was beautiful ... . every Sex Pistols fan under the sun will LOVE it . These guys had hearts as big as their cheeky senses of humour . And that 's where they all fooled us . The music speaks for itself -- and one forgets how much you loved it . Sid and his GF Nancy ... were so much more pathetic/tragic than Gary Oldman and Chloe Webb 's version EVER portrayed . And it makes you WISH the Pistols had stayed the Pistols . And that the movie would never end !!!
 Rarely have I viewed such an honestly documented interview with any band available on video . The Sex Pistols ' singer , Johnny Rotten -LRB- now Lydon -RRB- is well known for his notorious intolerance of the music establishment , the class system and authority in general -LRB- with perhaps , a little more emphasis on the British monarchy -RRB- . He 's in his 50 's now , and I was very interested , almost startled , to listen to his views on music , the hypocrisy of the media , and his deeply loyal friendship to Sid Vicious , which was expressed in a rare expression of emotion . He has since become a television personality , appearing on talk shows and at media events in both the United States and the UK . I found him especially witty and fiercly truthful , which was a standout in this film for me , as I 'm just not used to such soulful honesty in what has become a music industry cesspool of spoiled brats , addicts , and sexually confused `` popstars '' . Lydon calls it like it is , and I really admired everything he had to say . The other high point of the film is the unusually large amount of footage attributed to Sid Vicious . We see him `` smacked up '' most of the time , but there are several spots -LRB- with his crazy girlfriend noticably absent -RRB- when he lucidly explains his own frustrations up to the point in time he was being interviewed . All but Sid are hidden in the shadows of strategically positioned studio lighting , which aids in giving the surviving members a sense of immortality , yet raising up their fallen band mate out of the shadows for all to clearly see in living color , and most of the time , it ai n't pretty . There are important video clips of the performers during the punk madness of their heydey in the late ' 70 's that I 've not seen before , and this was really special for me . I highly recommend this DVD to anyone who enjoys the historical relevance of documentaries , such as this one , where a point in time is stopped for all to see - sometimes not glorious or flattering - yet , at other times , soulful and honest . Listening to a more mature group of Pistols ; especially the witty articulation of Lydon 's anecdotes and recollections , makes for an immensely enjoyable and interesting look into the souls of this seminal punk rock band .
 Combining footage of the Pistols ' legendarily ferocious and chaotic performances with revealing new interviews , this exhilarating postmortem on one of the more offensive bands in rock history picks up where Temple 's own unfinished `` The Great Rock ' n ` Roll Swindle '' left off . Hearing Lydon , Cook , and Jones revisit a tumultuous time in their obnoxious young lives -- and then seeing the real deal in TV interviews and concert tapes -- is worth half the admission . But there are also rare on-camera conversations with doomed bassist Sid Vicious and snotty manipulator McLaren to round out the picture . Caustic , funny , and hard for any rock music fan to ignore .
 This is a great story of strange time for a band that changed a lot of things in rock & roll . This is the story in their own words with some great footage before everyone had video cameras and the internet . If you liked the Pistols and want a raw story and the history of the band , this is THE one to have .
 I am a Sex Pistols fan , I have enjoyed watching this video . You can see Sid Vicous and Nancy Spungen , how they were really like . I think they should have talk more about them but the tape is very good , interesting .
 `` The Filth and the Fury '' is not just a great rockumentary it is a great document of the social upheaval that occurred during the heyday of the Sex Pistols . The decay that was occuring in Britain in the mid 1970 's mirrored that of the established music industry i.e. Rod Stewart , etc. . There was anger fomenting among the masses and the Sex Pistols were the response to that . Aside from great concert footage on hand here , there are great interviews with the surviving members of the band . Rotten , Jones , Cook , Matlock let it be known that they were not mere puppets of the machinations of manager Malcolm McLaren that they had a voice in the message that they were conveying . The film is also an effective diatribe against drug addiction by relating the sad fate of late bassist Sid Vicious , a naive youth who was unprepared for the pitfalls of fame and it 's inherent temptations . Definitely avoid Alex Cox 's `` Sid and Nancy '' , a glamorized depiction of Sid 's downfall . If you 're not interested in the history , the music on hand is still good .
 An awsome documentary . The special features are all right but nothing to get giddy about . The film puts the Pistols in the context of thier times . There was a time when Super Tramp and Styx were considered rock 'n' roll . England was in ruins and the Pistols were pissed . Angry young men making desperate music that touched everyone within earshot . The Grundy interview is shown , the Queen 's Jubilee boat ride , and some cartoons from the Rock 'n' Roll Swindle . An absolute must for any Pistols fan and a good choice for anyone who likes solid documentaries and wants to know more about a time of economic unstability and overt social anger .
 this dvd tells you the whole story of the sex pistols
 A great movie that captured the Sex Pistols brief career well . It captured all the strife and turmoil within the band very well , with interviews of the band members that showed how each member really felt . The movie showed the Sex Pistols rise and the Sex Pistols fall , which was brought on by their manager and their disastrous U.S. tour . Anyway , the movie was definately entertaining and the concert footage was great . The movie told the real story of the Sex Pistols well and showed what a crook Malcolm McLaren -LRB- their manager -RRB- really was . It showed how the Sex Pistols were destroyed by greed and the very things that they were rebelling against . A must see for any rock fan !
 The true story of Englands loudest band the Sex Pistols . Through interviews and raw concert footage the story of the Sex Pistols is told by the band members and the people who were there . I think any big Sex Pistols fan would not be disappointed by this film . Even if your not a fan I 'm sure you 'll like this film . To see the rise and fall of the Pistols was very cool to see . The thing that I did not like the film was that the Ramones and the Clash were not mentioned . The Ramones started the whole sound , and the clash and the pistols were like brothers . It all just seemed very odd to me . What I also did n't like with this DVD was the lack of features . You only have the trailer , director commentary and the documentary of the whole punk movement , which all that I thought was good but I just thought they should 've added more interviews or more footage of shows , tv stuff , etc. . If your a fan or not , this is for you .
 one of jt 's last concerts ... bootleg filmed , but rather good , one gets used to the filmquality , if you like jt this is a historic movie , the songs are good , but it 's a bit sad , he had only 3 weeks to live when this was filmed and he was marked from his illness , he did n't have the strenght to have his guitar on for every song and walked out a few times to rest and let stevie and alison sing a few tunes ... the sound is really good as the live album add water and stir from this show ... good but sad ...
 My title says it - you can not go wrong with these `` Francesco '' movies . We have three of them . Not sure if there are more or not . Had them for our last few years homeschooling and wish we could have had them sooner ! My grandchildren have them now and I am going to get what I can to send them to our other little just-about-three year old granddaughter . The songs and the story keep their interest and they seldom tire of the stories , watching them over and over . -LRB- I do n't mean hour on end ; but day by day . ` Tho ' it would not be objectionable if this is what they had to watch hour by hour w/o any other ! -RRB- The colors are vibrant and the messages are life-impacting . -LSB- Story likeness is from St. Francis of Assissi , I believe . -RRB- And the animal friends are incorporated into the story lines and each of our children had their favorite one . A delightful bluebird , a bee , a raccoon , owl , etc. . Good for all ages :-RRB- and for those wanting some of Jesus to share , this will be a best friend :-RRB- . Teaches kindness , love one another , love your neighbor , teamwork , obedience , reverence for the Father God , joy , optimism and hope in times of struggle or disaster . The songs are memorable and I found myself singing along :-RRB- . The ` negative ' part of life is dealt with in very teachable manner , allowing folks to realize life is life and we have to meet it with good attitude - my favorite part , I think!I am hoping they come out with them in DVD and will enjoy them as long as possible ! A very ` profitable investment ' in a child 's life - or even an adult 's !
 My son was glued to the TV with this video and singing the songs the second time around . He loves it !
 There are amazingly few movies dealing with the Civil War that are not either soap operas -LRB- such as Gone With the Wind -RRB- or just Westerns with Southern and Northern characters -LRB- such as Escape From Fort Bravo -RRB- . Drums in the Deep South is one of a few movies about the Civil War -LRB- along with The Red Badge of Courage for example -RRB- that actually have battle scenes that take place in the South -LRB- rather than out West -RRB- .
 `` Out of the chaos of brother against brother , came a new realization of our common destiny . `` The story of how a hand full of heroes who blocked Sherman 's march to the sea . Two friends from West Point find themselves on opposite sides in the war . The conflicts are not as cut and dry , as it would appear as two things come to mind while watching this movie . One is the basic conflict between friendship and loyalty to a cause ; many times this is mistaken resulting in the balance of power changing . The second is a little more superficial but just as intriguing ; both sides in the conflict must come up with ways to out gun the other side by using technology outside of its intended purpose . The use of a navel gun on a rail car is one . You will have to watch the movie to see the solution to extending the range of the smaller cannon . Other conditions call for more radical action.Does the mission succeed and is it worth the price paid on both sides?I can say the movie is worth the price of repeated viewing.The Command DVD ~ Guy Madison
 An old gem from the dusty past . Hard to find on TV currently . This is a good chance to see this Classic .
 As usual box sets are always pleasing , especially when there are many special features -LRB- like this set -RRB- , but If you are a `` die hard '' fan of Mission impossible 1 and 2 I would n't buy this . Tom Cruise and David fincher are in talks to make a third -LRB- Tom Cruise want 's a different director for each film -RRB- . If you are truly a fan wait for the collectors edition of the trilogy .
 I saw Mission Impossible I when it first came out in theaters , and did not watch it again until I bought this double disk set . I enjoyed it just as much if not more than it 's incredible sequel . Both movies together , even though they are very loosely related , add up to a great buy .
 Mission Impossible 1 and 2 get the `` Special Edition '' treatment with this 2 Disc package.MISSION IMPOSSIBLEBrian DePalma 's big-screen adaptation of the long-running T.V show is flashy , action - filled and with a plot that 's extremely complicated but thankfully so , as it raises the film above standard fare . DePalma 's trend for wild camera moves , excellent action and a sharp screenplay from David Koepp -LRB- Jurassic Park -RRB- and a great performance from Tom Cruise -LRB- as spy Ethan Hunt -RRB- all combine to create one wild , exciting ride , with some unexpected twists to keep the audience guessing.This , in what would be DePalma 's last good film of late -LRB- Snake Eyes and Mission to Mars were way below par -RRB- is an exciting adrenalin-pumping action fest with the smooth Cruiser making the coolest spy since Sean Connery in Dr NO . Also along for the ride are Jon Voight as Hunt 's boss , Jean Reno and Ving Rhames as the disavowed agents and Vanessa Redgrave . Cool action , a great story , and a flashy look from the man who gave us the excellent `` The Untouchables '' . One of the greatest action films ever made . And then some.MISSION IMPOSSIBLE 2John Woo 's glossy sequel to Brian DePalma 's excellent action film sees Tom Cruise return as the super-cool spy Ethan Hunt . This time , the plot is more straightforward than the first , and in contrast , the action is more outrageous.Starting out with a literal cliffhanger , the film takes off with some good action scenes and trademark coolness from the Cruiser . But events seem somewhat un-involving , lacklustre even , as the plot meanders slowly along , with some boring sub-plots and un-inspired dialogue . And Thandie Newton provides eye candy but very little else . However the Anthony Hopkins cameo is very welcome and saves the rather tedious mid section . Finally , after some extended plot twists , we see the Woo trademarks
 MISSION IMPOSSIBLE : Smart , crafty spy action-thriller which stars TOM CRUISE , JOHN VOIGHT , EMILIO ESTEVEZ , JEAN RENO , VING RHAMES , and KRISTEN SCOTT THOMAS . An agent named Ethan Hunt -LRB- TOM CRUISE -RRB- is framed for killing his whole spy team ; soon after he is on the run from government agencies who are out to get him . Very technological with clever sequences of suspense and action . Some of the intricately assembled plot may be too complex for some and for others the film may be too boring . The ending is great . Directed by Brian De Palma . Filmed in 2:35:1 widescreen . RUN TIME
 M : I 1After a disastrous mission , CIA agent Ethan Hunt has been identified as a mole , even though he claims that he 's not . To clear his name , he now must actually act as a mole to expose the real mole . This is a great action flick with plenty of great stunts , including the great scene in the secure room ! The plot is a little confusing , but it 's still a great movie.M : I 2A few years later , Ethan Hunt is called in to retrieve a deadly virus from the hands of a fellow agent , Sean Ambrose . He is instructed to use Ambrose 's old girlfriend to get to him , but when he starts to fall for her , Ambrose turns things around . This movie has a lot more action in it than the first one , but the plot is n't as crafty . It 's still a good movie , though .
 I saw both of the Mission Impossible movies in the theaters and liked them both -LRB- the first much more than the second -RRB- . Tom Cruise is great in both , and each movie has an awesome supporting cast . While some of the scenarios are a little far-fetched , the movies are both a lot of fun . Tom Cruise 's character , Ethan Hunt , is a master of disguise - so you never quite know who you 're seeing on screen at any one time . I have n't received the DVDs yet , though I have them on order . Looks like they contain a ton of special features , which I 'm sure will be great ! I highly recommend both movies to anyone who is an action movie buff - they definitely keep you on the edge of your seat !
 Although this video is not a live performance , it is a collection of what are the best songs from their catalog.It has Ian Astbury and the band in their prime , and they deliver the goods MTV style.Songs performed are as follows
 Ok I own up to this , I have a huge soft spot for this trilogy & while part 3 was Mr.Bronson 's last screen appearance , it really holds up . If you watch this as many times as I have , you can see the supporting cast helping him along & I find that even more touching . Full frame film , no surprise as it was a TV movie.Interesting enough story & fine performances by everyone involved.So long to 1 of the all time movie greats . A touching finish to a magnificent career in films .
 Charles Bronson gives his final performance as Police Commissioner Paul Fein in this very good telefilm . It may not be the best movie , but Bronson gives it his best and goes out in style . Highly recommended for any Bronson fan .
 The series offamily of copsfamily of cops 2family of cops 3are all very good family moviesCharles Bronson is the head of the famil and he does a great job in these moviesfor a man coming from a family of 15 children he surely is due a great audiance for actingchfancier a fancier of fine movies
 i only got to see this video once and i loved it ... i can never find a copy of the tap this is real hard o find it had all my fav songs on here
 This is one of about three films from Sinclair Institute that I have viewed . The film is well done and discrete . By that I mean that it is realistic and informative and is not aimed only at sexual titalatiion but at education and reality . The couples had orgasms in a normal time frame and in a realistic fashion as opposed to the sensationalism of pornagraphic films . We liked the film very much .
 My wife and I just do n't get it ... From ALL the Orgasm enhancement DVD 's we 've seen from other production companies , this is unquestionably the best.The description of the looks of the demonstraton models is entirely inaccurate . The quality of the photography is VERY well done , very explicit , very , VERY good information.Perhaps inexperience or prudenishness are elements within their thinking . It 's not `` masturbation '' ... But rather very comforatable techniques where during intercourse , hands certainly intensify the pleasure exponentially . All methods are thoroughly covered and the full length sexual demonstrations are very arousing . To be perfectly honest , we had originally decided to watch first , then `` proceed '' ... hardly any time passed when we fully engaged ourselves , while watching the DVD , making it quite fun to switch from each technique to the next throughout the DVD . It was so intensely pleasurable and fun trying it that way . We both achieved SIMULTANEOUS amazing multiple orgasms -LRB- yes men CAN have multiple orgasms as well if you 're doing it right -RRB- we had never reached before , BEFORE the DVD was even half way complete ... took a quick breather , and made love the rest of the weekend , only stopping to eat for more energy ; -RRB- We feel empathy for the couple that only makes love twice a day . We make love on the average of * 5 * times a day ... after we learned what we learned from this DVD we can hardly wait.Now we own nearly every title by this very reputable provider . An investment well worth it . Pick up a copy , you 'll be suprisingly pleased .
 My husband & I recently purchased this dvd to help enhance our lovemaking & this dvd was a lot of help . They give very helpful tips & advice . I recommend this dvd to anyone & watch it with your partner . Overall , this was a great buy for the price !
 Serious film lovers are surely blessed that Facets Video -LRB- which brought out top rated ` Decalogue ' and recently Bela Tarr 's ` Satantango ' -RRB- has now released a totally pristine DVD of this almost forgotten 1970 's U.K. filmmaker.Here is Douglas ' own poverty stricken childhood in a small Scottish village , recreated using mainly non-professional actors in three one hour segments . According to the added special feature documentary , Douglas -LRB- who died in 1991 of lung cancer -RRB- escaped the brutality of his surroundings by virtually living in his town 's dumpy movie theater . If this brings to mind Antoine Doinel in Truffaut 's ` The 400 Blows , ' that 's fine , but replace Antoine 's Paris with a landscape straight from Samuel Beckett.Douglas ' genius was very much appreciated at the time but the producers also knew he had little commercial appeal . He was only to make one commercial film -LRB- `` Comrades '' -RRB- before his death.He was very much enamoured of silent movies and in this trilogy , dialog is very limited . Instead , his camera lingers long enough on a face or an abandoned yard or a shabby table , so that words become superfluous.This is a great film experience . Several days after seeing it for the first time , the images still replay themselves in my mind . Once you own it , you 'll know exactly what to buy next for your dedicated film buff friends .
 Confession - I had never heard of Bill Douglas until a recent fortunate accident connected me with the legendary TRILOGY.If you define a masterpiece as art with a power and appeal that defies analysis , yet connects you with something profound and truthful , this collection of monochrome autobiographies of `` Jamie '' -LRB- immediately identifiable as Bill Douglas himself -RRB- is without question a masterpiece . A boy drags himself out of terrifying poverty into a self-created world of hope and creativity . This is not Dickensean cinema , Oliver re-visited , or a Scotish Bleak House . One soon realizes a subtle artist is at work , for Mr Douglas ' shots are squeezed dry of sentimentality . There is no manipulation of the audience , no compromising sweetness , no orchestration of response through a music score . Cuts are as jarring as Jamie 's life itself . The audience 's intelligence is respected when there are omissions of chronology and brutality is neither explained nor resolved . The films ' artistry fashions beauty from the most unpromising images and themes , and at the end you will not know how the director achieved it . Slag heaps , coal lifts dropping men like refuse into the shafts , tenement pathways never offering an exit from the slums , awful toys in undarned Christmas stockings , lumpen food , silent dinner tables , adults incapable of joy , kids unable to smile - hardly a wholesome or hopeful world for the central character -LRB- superbly played by non-actor Stephen Archibald , whose casting is itself a stroke of genius by Bill Douglas -RRB- . Yet the narrative culminates in Jamie breaking through the grimey surface of poverty , triumphing over his shattering beginnings , and finding a friend and a purpose . These films feature the quiet Bill Douglas style of lingering on the human face , or holding a shot of an empty space , so that the silence speaks . Look for reviews of Bill Douglas and his work , and you see the word `` poetic '' repeatedly summoned to describe what he does with a camera . He lives up to his billing as a poet of the visual , and these films are , in my opinion , works of genius .
 I am going to keep this review brief , but if you are on the fence about buying this stop thinking and do . It 's one of the most poetic and musical film -LRB- s -RRB- . Although the films are short they are dense and pack just as much of a punch than any full length film . Definitely worth it .
 if you enjoy stereo photog-raphy aka 3d or better yetyou collect stereo cards , then this video is for you.this 40 minute video takesyou back to the heydey ofstereo thru narration andpictures of keystone photographer phillip brigandi.we start with the very inc-eption with a stereo viewerbeing introduced at the london crystal palace of 1851 . from there , stereo caught on and from that time to the 1920s , stereo was literally the newsreel ofits day . much history ismentioned , also with plentyof photos , make this videoa fascinating journey whenthe majority of people traveled no further thantheir armchair .
 Good review of stereography . B&W informative history . Recomended for the stereo -LRB- 3D -RRB- viewers . It may be hard to find a copy , but I found one on the web and one on ebay .
 A soft porn that is hard to duplicate . I 'm not sure who requires me to type four more words so this will be valid . Good loooking woman .
 This is a great , great movie because it gives such poignant portraits of lonely people trying to find happiness ... along with some wonderful dark humor . Described in the marketing material as reminiscent of an early Jarmusch film -LRB- a description with which I agreed -RRB- , this movie also has great cinematography that operates to bring home the existential angst and jokes at the heart of the movie . For example , you will see amazing shots of characters phumphering around within the absurd constraints of their circumstances -LRB- e.g. , on top of a bus , trying to figure out how to get better radio reception -RRB- , silhouetted all the while by tremendous Iranian landscapes and skyscapes , reminding you of how tiny these people are and how nearly futile their plots and exertions will be in the universe of uncoordinated -LRB- yes , random -RRB- natural and human events . Each time I watch this film , I see more and more in this rich film ... Highly recommended for thoughtful souls .
 Great family movie , especially for small children . No violence , lots of humor without age barriers . All seen from the perspective of a young &#34; outcast , stereotyped &#34; pig who overcomes the inaccurate assumptions of who and what he truly is . Only to prove to be a hero for many . Instead of an under &#34; dog &#34; , Babe earns his way to a leader .
 Brings a smile to my face just thinking abot it . British humour , clever animation , heart-warming story . Loved it . I suppose small kids might find the nasty cat scary but otherwise it 's fun for all .
 This movie is entertaining for both children and adults . The story is engaging and the special effects are mezmerizing . Only the most hardened individuals would dislike this movie .
 This is the most encouraging and bravest movie in my life.Even when I am profoundly disappointed , It always gives me power to get back .
 This is a great family movie and my son and I really enjoyed watching it . We will probably be watching this again . It 's so cute !
 It was just as good as I remembered ! The grand kids -LRB- 2 & 4 -RRB- sat mesmerized for the entire movie ! Ttkhanks for the nice afternoon !
 I have always had a soft spot for pigs for some reason which just makes this film even better for me . I love everthing about this movie , especially the score . I ca n't get the song `` If I Had Words '' out of my head -LRB- not that that is a bad thing-I really , really like the tune . BABE is a film for the entire family and that is a really good thing , to paraphrase Martha Stewart !
 Babe was a surprise contender for Best Picture in 1995 . It has elements which make it sound like a formula for a cloyingly sweet kiddie film , namely talking animals , a pig that wants to be a sheepdog , singing mice , a farmer who seldom talks paired with a wife who seldom stops talking . But the component parts were so skillfully crafted , so lovingly combined into a heart-warming and tear-inducing modern fairy tale , that they became a favorite movie for millions of people , a movie which will stand the test of time.The Blu-ray edition is an improvement over the DVD mostly because the resolution is increased for proper presentation on today 's larger television screens . Fine detail is good but not spectacular , colors and contrasts are sharp . The talking animals are consistently lifelike and smoothly believable . Voice characterizations are remarkably well done , particularly Babe , the old sheep Maa , the sheepdogs Rex and Fly , and the self-described `` anorexic duck '' named Ferdinand.James Cromwell is Farmer Hoggett , who wins a piglet at the fair . Because Hoggett is a man of very few words , playing the character made Cromwell worry that he was n't really acting . Director Chris Noonan assured him that he was doing more acting without words than most actors did with words , and his Oscar nomination for Best Supporting Actor proved the point.The simple story is told with charm and emotion . The lyrically pastoral setting has at its center a farmhouse with an almost fantasy appearance , occupied by the farmer and his wife who are a comically matched pair of opposites . And the animals are amazing , with the Jim Henson creatures being so lifelike that you have to watch the film two or three times to tell the mechanical creations from the live animals.Watch Babe with the kids . Or maybe watch it on your own , so they do n't see the moistening of your eyes when the little pig is told by the mean spirited cat that pigs are only kept by humans for use as food ; or when Farmer Hoggett sings Babe out of his depression ; or when the two of them together triumph at the sheepdog trials . This is filmmaking that restores a sense of magic to the craft , and creates a story worth visiting again and again .
 Kept my 2 year old interested which is hard to do !!! The ending is . Little weird bc it feels lime something is missing but cute movie overall !
 That is the cutest movie ever I will share with the grandkids . I am sure they will love it as much as I did . A Classic movie about never giving up .
 This is one of our all time favorite movies and we were happy to find it on DVD !
 I started to watch `` Babe '' once when it first came out on VHS and had gotten rave reviews . I do n't think I was in the mood to watch it and thought it was silly . So I only saw a few minutes of it.Recently , I visited friends and got to watch the whole movie . It was absolutely wonderful
 This is a very endearing film . This is a movie any one of any age can enjoy . My toddler watches it and has learned alot about caring and kindheartedness . My 68 year old father in law watched it and loved it just as much ! It 's one of the few films you can feel good about seeing and can watch over and over again and enjoy it every time !
 This movie is so cute and enjoyable . It is hard to find fault with this film . Sure there are a couple of parts that are kind of dumb , but it is a kids movie and it is positive , child appropriate and fun for adults too . I remember watching this when it came out -LRB- long before I had kids - when I was in college -RRB- . I loved it then and now that I have kids , I still like it . My memory of how good it was matched the current day experience . Worth the money !!!
 This is a great movie . There are a few parts -LRB- the opening scene for one -RRB- that I would have expected my kids to be afraid , but they were n't . They may be too young to actually understand what was happening . My kids are 2 and 4 . My 2 years old LOVES Babe . We 've watched this movie a few tiimes now and its enjoyable for the whole family each time . We have n't gotten bored with it yet .
 I 'm a 22 year old guy , and I love this flick , it 's great family fun , and Even I like it haha . It 's got a ton of adorable animals and a pretty good story line . A must have if you have any kid under 13 years old , or just dorky kids like me !!
 Okay , so maybe the `` talking animals '' thing is n't realistic , and the `` pig herding sheep '' thing is n't , either . But the story is so cute and entertaining ! I felt so sorry for Babe in the beginning , and almost as proud as the farmer when Babe would do something good such as herding the sheep . I also liked how each part of the movie had a title telling you what to expect . And the singing mice ... oh , they were so cute and funny ! I wish they would have shown more close-ups of them!Overall , though not worthy of an Academy Award , this is a great movie ! It was much better then I expected . Some parts might disturb very small children , but other then that I think that this is a great family movie ! Babe is a very likable main character and his friends are enjoable and occasionally funny . But under the sweet covering is the moral that the director wants for you to walk away with ... how would you like to be slaughtered for food ? But though this may affect some , I am sad to say that I am still eating bacon and pork . Anyway , this is a good movie that children and grown-ups alike will enjoy .
 This movie is a very tricky movie , because he has the look of be a film for Kids , but a kids never will see what an adult can see , the kids will enjoy the ride , the animals , but an adult will enjoy the message the powefull message hidden behind that funny look , of animal , I recommend this movie , and have to say that is one of the best movies of all time . really . See this movie you dont will be disappointed . I recommend see the Babe Pig in the city too , is more dark is true , but has another good message , and really amazing special effects , you never will discover when a animal is amde for cimputer , really good .
 the talking mice are hilarious!The pig thinks he 's a sheep pig!The movie is the best of pig movies ! The puppies are so cute !!!!!!!
 The pigs are n't the most popular animals in the world for good reasons , but this particular little pig , named Babe , will win your sympathy even if you hate animal films in general , because Babe can perform several tasks that only a dog can do and Babe also has a heart of gold , and even the most straight-faced creatures in the movie begin to develop sympathy for the pig . `` Babe '' has a lot of colorful , wild and funny animals that join the little Babe in this charming adventure , you will see a duck that thinks that is a rooster , brave dogs , a little mice chorus and a gentle sheep , among many others . The music in `` Babe '' is nice , funny and charming . The special effects are simple but very effective , the animals really look like they were talking.The cinematography is colorful and presents beautiful landscapes . Definitely this is the kind of movie that is recommendable for the children because is sweet , tender and the movie has a good message . But the film is amusing for teenagers and grown-ups as well , because the movie has depth in every area ,
 I think that many kids know the fabolous story about the pig Babe and he his fantastic adventures on Hogget 's farm in Australia , and it deserved the Oscar nomination for Best Picture in 1996 very well.The well acted animals , the human characters , like the crazy Hogget family , the timeless landscapes , and the beautyful music makes this an classic family movie nobody will forget , and for the kids who saw ` Charlotte 's Web ' -LRB- Many people in Scandinavia do n't know about this movie , they should re-release it ! -RRB- , they will love this movie too !
 Wonderfull Movie for the entire family
 When I first saw Babe I walked out thinking
 One of the most beautiful films I have ever seen.This little pig is so gorgeous and has such a big heart of gold you will never forget it.It will make you want to see this film over and over again even if you are older than 6 . Try it you ' l love it .
 This talkng pig will steal your heart . The story is wonderful for adults and children alike , and the effects are so believable you 'll feel like the animals really can talk .
 It 's easy to see why Rhythm and Hues won an academy award for their work on Babe . The visual effects are so good that for a minute you actually forget that animals do n't talk .
 IT THINK TAHT THE TILE OF MY REVIEW SAYS IT ALL . I HAVE NEVER MEET ANYBODY WHO DID NOT LIKE THIS MOVIE . I THINK IT SHOULD HAVE WON BEST PICTURE THE YEAR IT WAS NOMINATED .
 I 've loved Babe since I read the book when I was young . Having grown up on a farm , my family and I watch it annually . It 's adorable !
 its actually a 10 star movie but Amazon does n't go that far ! I think both Babe and Babe in the City are wonderful !
 Is it pointless to write a review on a movie that was produced 15 years ago ? Or that was nominated for a slew of Oscar awards , and has therefore already generated a litany of viewer reviews covering every aspect of the movie ? Or whose simplicity belies a richness and intricacy that defies simple explanation ? Indeed , it probably is . But as we approach the two-decade mark since Babe was released , I 'd nevertheless like to take a moment to write just why this movie is one of the most powerful and touching I 've ever seen.Babe is thought of as a kid 's movie , and , in some ways , it is . But it 's a mistake to sum this work up as solely a kid 's movie . This is a movie that strikes deep into the soul and heart of the viewer , one that pricks at some of the basic undercurrents of life itself , and forces one to rethink these deep issues through the lens of innocence , honesty , and curiosity . Yes , it 's delightful ; yes , its funny ; indeed , its charming . But it is far more than that . This work deeply challenges us to think about `` the way things are , '' and brings forth some of the realities of life in a way that few movies ever do . Yes , kids can watch this and enjoy it from beginning to end . But virtually any adult should be able to see within its first five minutes that this is not your typical movie `` fare '' - kid or otherwise - and that the story has an emotive power and subtext that is both completely unexpected and incredibly rich.The story in Babe is straightforward . A pig ends up on a farm , tries to figure out his `` place '' on that farm , eventually discovers that he , too , has a place there , in spite of his own fears that he might not . Oh , yes , and he 's a talented creature , too . That 's about it.Actually , that 's the main storyline that supports a magical world of powerful , emotional , and thought-provoking events , a laboratory test tube of the greater world that has more the trappings of a gilded box than a rabbit 's cage . But even the entertaining and unusual events of the movie are only the setting for the more important themes of the storyline . Throughout of the story , Babe is faced with a series of realities that challenge his innocence at every turn and threaten to change his sweet nature into a cynical outlook towards all things human and animal . Repeatedly , the pig must make a choice between trust and bitterness as his knowledge of his world expands . He is enticed by a duck trying to rescue his own life through a criminal act ; is tormented by a self-serving cat undertaking revenge ; and is threatened by a mean-spirited , jealous dog who is living with a life disappointment that colors his daily experience.Babe is befriended by a man , a quiet and diminutive sheep-herder farmer , an unexceptional person who nonetheless somehow senses something unusual about this pig . The sheep-herder-farmer becomes the laughing stock of his friends , family , and community , but is nonetheless undeterred via a `` common sense of destiny . '' That destiny is threatened throughout the story , but although recognized only by Babe and the farmer , that destiny is seen by both through to the end , and we are all the wiser in seeing them do so.So what is `` Babe '' about ? It is about innocence , openness , prejudice , kindness , belief , fairness , and acceptance . But it is about more than that . It is also about sadness , tragedy , endurance , and guilt . It 's about `` the way things are . '' And the way that , perhaps , things should be.So , let the kids watch it and enjoy , and enjoy they will . The talking animals , the cuteness of the characters , and the gorgeously played and recorded music is a delightful romp through a magical world of enchanted reality . But as you watch it yourself , be drawn into the thought and reflection surrounding the messages of the film , and reflect on what it means . You 'll find it is not a simple , cute movie at all
 If you can suspend your disbelief and cynicism for an hour or two ... , then you may leave this movie feeling that despite all of our flaws that there is something good , true and dare I say it noble in all of us.You can read the other review for a synopsis of the film , but for me two scenes come to mind that reveal the true magic of this wonderful filmWhen James Cromwell as Farmer Hoggett sings and dances for the sick little pig , a truly human and tender gesture of affection for Babe , I find myself choking up with emotion -LRB- that 's not a tear , that 's a speck of dust in my eye -RRB- . Similarly when the Farmer Hoggett places his faith and trust in Babe to be able to perform in the sheep trial , when despite all the laughter and ridicule he stands firm , until the trial is over and the gate is closed , that moment my friends is pure bliss and transcendence.Perhaps it is become there are few characters as masculine or manly as an Australian farmer , but beneath his gruff exterior there lies a human being , and this film shows that sometimes despite what the world tells us , our humanity can only be found in our most human of moments.Cheers !
 A very cute story with lots of talking animals that children adore . It also teaches kids to think `` out of the box '' and that even a pig can be a sheepherder if he really wants to . We watch it over and over .
 Just the cutest , most heart-warming movie you ever saw ! I watch it whenever I 'm in a down mood and it brings me up immediately ! Ferdinand the Duck deserves his own movie !
 Since my childhood days of watching episodes of Mister Ed , the talking horse . I often wondered how long it took to teach Mister Ed to just move his lips ? The voice man stood in the wings and through his voice . Finally , this little gem came along . I never thought they could pull it off technically and visually adding voice and mouth movement to the animals . And the animals acted so well . Just as convincing as their human counterparts . ` Babe ' was such a hit in 1995 that it was nominated in five categories and won one for the visual effects . A very worthy and well-deserved win . ` Babe ' can be enjoyed by everyone young and old . I would recommended it as one of my top favorite children 's film . As with some fate , Babe is saved from an unfortunate destiny , where all pigs must go . Babe and Farmer Hoggett paths cross at a country fair . Hoggett and Babe from that moment something passed between them . Hoggett guesses the weight of the little pig in a contest . Later that that week , Hoggett is notified as the winner . It 's when Hoggett brings Babe to his new home , Babe meets a menagarie of farm animals that take a liking to their new addition to the Hoggett farm . Babe is adopted by Fly , an Australian border collie . Babe makes friends with a duck who thinks he 's a rooster as cover from being a main course for Christmas dinner . Babe also makes friends with an ailing old ewe , Ma.One day , Farmer Hoggett allows Babe to accompany him and the sheepdogs in the fields where the sheep grazed . There Fly teaches Babe the art of being a sheep-pig . But , Babe also learns another valuable lesson in tending sheep . It 's a test if Babe is cutout to be a good sheep-pig . With Ma 's help the sheep co-operate with Babe . To Farmer Hoggett 's amazement in Babe 's special gift he enters Babe in annual sheepherding trials . In due time , Babe is put through the practice and confronts wolves who kill one of the sheep . Farmer Hoggett thinking Babe killed one of the sheep . Does it mean the death sentence for poor Babe ? But Fly comes to Babe 's rescue and saves the day for Babe . There 's the jealous , bad cat out to get Babe when she snidely tells Babe of the pig 's true purpose . Babe thinking that the Boss would in time eat him , Babe goes to Fly and ask if it were true . When Fly tells Babe the truth , Babe runs away in the rainy night . Next day , Fly and Farmer Hoggett find Babe taken by the cold rain and Hoggett nursed him back to health . Then the big day come and Hoggett and Babe go to the trials with a little surprise for the judges . Can Babe the sheep-pig prove himself good and be the next sheepherding champ ? Bet you know the answer already . I 'd recommend Babe to anyone of all ages , especially to parents with small children . It 's a darling , captivating tale with a lesson for all . Do n't let anyone tell you that you ca n't do something , until you prove them wrong . There 's another film about another talking pig , ` Gordy ' you may like , too .
 I 'm a Disney man myself when it comes to animated children 's movies . Disney usually makes the best ones -LRB- the great Bug 's Life versus the OK Antz -- and the list goes on -RRB- . There are a few exceptions , and BABE heads the list . I got very weepy watching this one . And happy . And tickled . And I went out and bought the classical CD so that I could listen to the orchestral theme song in its entirety . I must say that it is an organ masterpiece with one flaw -- the theme that we hear so much of in BABE is stuck somewhere in one of the middle movements and lasts for about fifty seconds . Call me crazy , but I program my CD to replay this 50-second movement over and over again while I grade papers . I 'm thinking pig . I 'm thinking sheep-pig . BABE rocks !
 I 've seen this film several times since I bought it several years ago . The only bad thing about it is that it 's not in letterbox format , which I have always preferred to the pan-and-scan method . There are some TV shows these days that are in widescreen , so why is it that so many movies have never been released this way ? I 'm getting off the subject , though.I never really thought I 'd like this movie . The first thing I thought of when I heard it was out in theaters was , `` It 's ` Charlotte 's Web ' in a different form '' . Well , in a way this was accurate , but in other ways it was dead wrong . Yes , the animals do talk , but this is defintely not `` Charlotte 's Web '' ! I suppose I still have an image of the animated version of that book . Babe proves himself to be a much more capable pig , even if he is a little young and in need of some help sometimes , but I would have to say that I found this film much more endearing . It 's got heart and feeling to it , but it also is n't overly-sentimental or sappy . The animatronics are done very well . I 've seen films that use puppets or animatronics -LRB- think of them as mechanical puppets , like what the Henson people use -RRB- before and after I saw this film , and I think this film still has some of the best work in it . It 's very hard to tell which are the real animals and which are the mechanical.It 's also hard to tell where this film takes place . It looks as if it could be in Scotland or the USA . The landscape has a very timeless feel to it , too -- even though a fax machine is present in the film , I could n't help but feel that most of the film took place in a time before telephones.This is one of those films that adults would n't mind taking their kids to . Heck , I do n't even have any kids , but once I finally saw a copy of this movie at my friend 's house -LRB- he 's way older than me , and also has no kids -RRB- , I no longer thought he was a lunatic for owning a copy of a kid 's film . The opening credit sequences are some of my favorites , and I also enjoy the song the farmer sings to Babe -LRB- though one of the first things my friend did was buy a copy of the classical piece it was based on for me :-RRB- . This film will be in my collection for a very long time .
 When Babe came out it was a refreshing change to all the Tarantino foul mouthin and gun shootin tough guy business . This movie is in no way pointlessly ` controversial , ' it represents something more difficult to accomplish - a story that translates to all audiences.I dare you to hate a talking pig!I dare you !
 I do n't like schmaltz . I like a movie with a chip on its shoulder . Case in point
 This lovely and beautiful film was transferred beautifully onto DVD with ONLY a full-screen option and NO `` extras '' . Was there NO additional information or commentaries on how these INCREDIBLE and almost believable talking animal scenes were done or on James Cromwell 's fantastic -LRB- and Oscar-nominated -RRB- performance as Farmer Hoggett - who bonds with Babe the Pig and can think `` outside the box '' pretty well , allowing Babe the Sheep-Pig to fulfill his destiny.I have NO quarrel with the movie - one of my all-time top 10 , only with the DVD with NO extras !
 I rented Babe for a Friday movie night with my fiance who thought I had lost my mind ... a movie about a talking pig ? Well in a short time she stopped questioning my mental stability -LRB- at least as far as this movie is concerned -RRB- . She strongly agreed that this was a wonderful feel good movie . We have seen a lot of current movies that just left us annoyed by the end , Babe will leave you with a smile on your face . Do yourself a favor and watch it .
 This movie has long been a favorite of mine because of its charm , its simplicity and sweetness , and its message that sometimes the comforts of the conventional need some shaking up . With gentle humor , engaging characters , and some truly lovely scenes , the movie strives to show that breaking out of the mold is n't always a bad thing.Babe longs to be a sheepdog and his quest makes for an excellent metaphor about following one 's dreams and being true to one 's self regardless of the opposition . Perhaps the most wonderful thing about the movie is that Babe triumphs not because of his ambition or his ruthlessness but because of his sweetness and his genuinely nice nature . It is his politeness and his considerateness that helps him to emerge victorious in the end and when could n't the world use a little more kindness ? This is an ageless and wonderful message that is well worth sharing with children.James Cromwell is simply wonderful in this movie . Though a man of few words , he expresses so much just by the look on his face . One of the best scenes in the film , though , occurs when the farmer dances a jig to try to cheer up his little pig . It 's wonderful to see the tenderness he develops for his little pig and their devotion to one another says a lot about the nature of true friendship . There are mishaps and misunderstandings but , in the end , the two succeed because they remain faithful and loyal to one another.All in all , this is one of those rare family films that both children and adults can enjoy .
 I remember when this movie first came out and I said I 'm never gon na watch this crap . Then my family was like oh come on . You got ta watch this movie . They finally got me to watch it after I got bribed with Taco Bell and man , I was put to shame about what I said about this movie . It captured my heart from start to finish . Babe shows us that pigs can also get respect on the farm . He 's adorable , lovable , funny , nice , and smart and finds his identidy as a `` sheep pig . '' At first he 's being clowned about it but as the movie goes on , you see what happens . The other character that I like is Ferdinand . He is really funny . There are some sad parts like when Babe has his mother taken away from him and when Ma gets killed by the dog but every great movie needs adversity . I hate The Oscars but James Cromwell won best supporting actor for his role as Farmer Hoggett and that 's one of my very few reasons why I like The Oscars . This is a movie for all ages with one of the best movie endings of all-time !
 My nieces , 5 year old twins , spend every other Saturday with me and I 'm careful to make sure they watch movies approved by their parents . Babe had parental approval . I bought this and it arrived while they were at my place . I popped it in and they absolutely loved it - the dogs , the sheep , the mice , and most of all , Babe . It was wonderful to watch with them the way I had with my three sons . My brother and sister-in-law said that the girls now go around saying ` That 'll do , pig , that 'll do ' to their cats and dog .
 This is a great movie . I purchased it for my 4 year old nephew so we could watch it together . He loves the talking animals .
 My granddaughter and I have watched this many times when she was home from school . Its an absolutely wonderful movie that features Saint Saens Organ Symphony for its music . It teaches life lessons and exposes my grandchild to exquisite music . I 'm delighted with my purchase .
 I loved the barnyard goings-on of the animals , and the great interaction with their human `` masters '' ... a movie not to be missed .
 Wonderful movie ! Came in the mail quickly and perfectly ! I love the ease of being able to find any movie on here !
 great shipping on a great movie , bought it for my grandson and he just loves it and I enjoy watching it with him
 The movie is made for children but it doesnt mean adults can not sit together and watch it . This movie for sure serves the purpose its made for . . bringing smiles to our faces and help us feel warm inside . just like Tom and Jerry , Spongebob , Mickey Mouse - this too is a movie that is made for one group but everyone is welcomed to enjoy .
 This is a very touching movie that you 'll want to watch . I ca n't believe I had n't seen . All I 'm going to say is to STOP reading this and watch it ! Ok STOP now just click on the play button and watch it . You will in no way regret .
 A great film for children to think about where their food comes from -LRB- `` Where 's the mummy pig going ? '' ? `` What 's the man doing with that chicken ? '' -RRB- but it will also encourage an enduring empathy with the animal world . Oh and it 's fun !
 This is one movie that truly is great for small kids and adults ! Ths story is fresh and original , the special effects are superb and the script is beautiful and the lessons taught are valuable . This teaches the importance of good manners , tolerance and imagination . I 've seen this movie with my 2 year old like 50 times and I still love it .
 I usually do n't see animal or kiddie movies . This one wasdifferent . When I first saw it I loved Cromwell character of a simplecountry farmer and I also liked his dumpling of a wife . I also loved the landscape and the tale of a creature who is taken in by surrogate parents -LRB- like in `` Tarzan '' and `` The Jungle Book '' -RRB- . If you want to see one of the funniest sequences in recent films , look at the scene with the duck trying to literally save its own neck . The film delves into the world of animals , if they could talk , think and feel . It did n't quite make me a vegetarian but it did make me think twice about how the Thanksgiving turkey felt before he ended up on my plate . I also love that song Cromwell sings `` If I could make a new day for you ... '' .
 Just watched blu version , after finding blu/dvd combo for cheap elsewhere . OMGoodness ! I first saw in '95 in theater , then later on dvd -LRB- as bought here -RRB- , but this blu is a revelation ! Reference quality video -LRB- the outdoors especially , as filmed in South Wales , Australia -RRB- . To sum up
 Based on Dick King-Smith 's bookThe Sheep-Pig -LRB- New Windmills -RRB- , a.k.a.Babe
 Please do not let the negative reviews of this wonderful movie due to the previews at the beginning of the DVD affect your purchasing this classic . Yes , the previews are a minor annoyance , but as long as you have a fast forward , you can use that and get through the previews in a matter of seconds . This is a classic film for the whole family , with that wonderful ending ... `` That 'll do pig , that 'll do '' .
 If you love movies that portray anthropomorphized animals , or if you are one of those who think that pigs have been unfairly portrayed negatively , this one is for you . The farm animals speak to each other . The cat and dogs realize their value . The duck and pig are concerned that they have no role other than that of being eaten by humans.So the duck and pig each try nontraditional roles
 That 's all I 'm saying - this movie screams out for Blu-ray ! It 's one of my top ten movies of all time , and has been for years . That 'll do .
 Every Christmas , a parade of family-oriented DVDs flood stores , some very good , most mediocre and quickly forgettable , but this season , may I suggest a Classic that is n't holiday-oriented , but has more heart and love than you 'll find in a stocking-full of themed releases ? I strongly recommend 1995 's `` Babe '' . A live-action -LRB- enhanced with puppets and animation -RRB- tale of an orphaned pig -LRB- voiced by Christine Cavanaugh -RRB- , the understanding farmer who ` adopts ' him -LRB- James Cromwell , who is FABULOUS ! -RRB- , and the barnyard animals who become his family , the film sparkles from the opening credits until the closing ones , enriched by a warm , wise narration by Roscoe Lee Browne . Chapters are introduced by three of the most lovable mice you 'll ever encounter , and the chapter about Christmas , while only a small part of the story , is hilarious -LRB- the farm 's somewhat paranoid duck , realizing what the main course of the holiday dinner will be , shrieks `` Christmas is CARNAGE ! '' -RRB- . While most farm-oriented family films tend to be either too juvenile or too cloyingly saccharin , `` Babe '' never falls into either rut , succeeding in being cute enough to enchant children , and sly enough to appeal to adults ... and it is very , very funny , to boot ! I dare you NOT to smile when Farmer Hoggett sings and dances for the sick pig , or when Babe does his ` stuff ' at the Sheepdog Championship -LRB- I , myself , get teary-eyed , but I 'm a sentimental kind of guy ! -RRB- If you have n't seen `` Babe '' , or are searching for a movie the entire family will enjoy , you ca n't do better than this !
 Babe is the cutest movie . I 'm a teacher , and I would n't hesitate to show it to my classes . Children love it , and adults love it too . You can accept it just for the fun story plot , or you can enjoy looking deeper into the symbolisms and moral issues embedded . Shipping was timely .
 I first saw this movie in a theater with my family . I thought that it was a well made movie . The special effects with the little mice singing , and the ` talking ' animals , are cute . This basically is a movie about finding out who you are , and where you belong . Babe wants to help out on the farm , and because he is a pig , the other animals do n't think that he would be good with rounding up the sheep . Because of his gentleness and politeness , the sheep agree to help him . The other animals see his ability to do this purely because of his kind heart . This is a very gentle movie . One that all parents should get . -LRB- There is one small 10 second scene with a dogfight -RRB- . Nothing major . The two dogs , -LRB- male and female -RRB- get along at the end .
 I remember when this movie first came out and I said I 'm never gon na watch this crap . Then my family was like oh come on . You got ta watch this movie . They finally got me to watch it after I got bribed with Taco Bell and man , I was put to shame about what I said about this movie . It captured my heart from start to finish . Babe shows us that pigs can also get respect on the farm . He 's adorable , lovable , funny , nice , and smart and finds his identidy as a `` sheep pig . '' At first he 's being clowned about it but as the movie goes on , you see what happens . The other character that I like is Ferdinand . He is really funny . There are some sad parts like when Babe has his mother taken away from him and when Ma gets killed by the dog but every great movie needs adversity . I hate The Oscars but James Cromwell won best supporting actor for his role as Farmer Hoggett and that 's one of my very few reasons why I like The Oscars . This is a movie for all ages with one of the best movie endings of all-time !
 Going into the movie , I expected a silly children 's story that would be unappealing to anyone older than seven . I was terribly wrong . `` Babe '' is a beautiful movie . It has a near perfect blend of tension , comedy , and heartfelt drama . What may be most surprising about the film is that all of this comes from talking animals -LRB- and a fine performance by James Cromwell as Farmer Hoggett -RRB- . The movie has a timeless , magical quality that is helped by its excellent cinematography . The film works both as a delightful children 's story and a pattern of beautiful metaphors , including a powerful one of a child 's relation to their parent or even as a person 's relation to God . `` Babe '' also includes an excellent musical score using a nice variation on Saint Saen 's Symphony No. 3 . `` Babe '' is a treat for the whole family and an instant classic .
 This is the movie which I have guided my young children too , so that we can both enjoy it on the 50th viewing.It is visually terrific , the script and delivery have great little twists . The message of respect and communication is well delivered -LRB- and not saccharine -RRB- . I think Entetainment Weekly magazine was right when it included Babe as one of the timeless classics produced in the 1990 's .
 Babe , a little piglet lives on a farm . He becomes friends with all of the other animals that live on the farm also . He has quite a personality for such a little pig . The family that owns the farm intend to make him their holiday dinner , but this brave little pig shows that he can heard sheep . And he becomes a very loved and needed pig -LRB- quite an asset to the man and his wife -RRB- . This little pig becomes quite a legend and is respected by all . This movie will warm your heart and soul and should be in everyone 's home library . After you see this movie , you will look at pigs in a different way . As animals that are very sensitive , smart , cute and cuddly . This little pig will remind you of your favorite pet , whether it be a dog or cat . Babe is a movie to be enjoyed for many years to come and one that you will want to watch over and over again and not get bored . Babe is a movie that will go down in history and gives pigs the respect that they so deserve . I highly recommend it to anyone who has a heart and soul . Those who do n't , will truly miss out on such a wonderful film ...
 A friend of mine told me , `` See this movie . It 's about a talking pig . '' I said , `` You have GOT to be kidding . '' But on his continued urging , I saw it -LRB- in the theatre , no less -RRB- because this particular friend is n't really the kind to be moved by just another cute talking animal movie.I was just flatly blown away , in tears many times , left the theatre singing the beautiful hymnic song set to the Saint-Saens melody , replaying my favorite scenes over and over in my head ... I bought the VHS the instant it came out , and the DVD the instant / it / came out . And like my friend , I say to you
 The critical acclaim for this movie was unlike any given to a G-rated attraction in many , many years . Kenneth Turan described it as `` the closest to perfection ever achieved in the making of a movie '' . Dozens of other reviewers declared that it was the first time that a film from another producer had matched the charm and inspiration of the first Disney movies -LRB- Snow White , Pinocchio , etc. -RRB- This praise was wholeheartedly justified for a movie which deserves a place next to Disney 's best and The Wizard of Oz among Hollywood 's most beloved family perennials . What is truly marvelous is that the filmmakers had enough confidence in their story that they believe it can stand alone without the joke book jokes and phony Broadway type musical numbers that plague today 's children 's films . And that story concludes in a way so touching that it left tears in my eyes in a theater for the first time in my adult life.It was wonderful that it received a special effects Oscar , but it was a crime that one was not awarded to Christopher Noonan . His direction resulted in the staging of scenes of such charm and visual poetry that they , in their own sentimental way , leave images as memorable as those from Ford , Hitchcock and Scorsese.This is the first movie that my wife and I ever saw together , and I regard it as a once in a generation film that can create an atmosphere of love for anyone seeing it together . -LRB- You will see a lot of reviews here with complaints about the advertising content of earlier DVD packages from Universal . The Blu-Ray can be purchased with complete confidence as the ad content is minimal and easily avoided . -RRB-
 This is a most endearing Australian family film and one of my favorites by far . Babe is the new addition to Hogget 's farm after being romoved from his mother and won by chance at the town fair by Mr. Hogget himself . There Babe learns his life lessons and , `` the way things are '' according to each animal along with his roll , purpose and supposed destiny on the Hogget farm . While being reared by Fly , part of Hogget 's Sheep dog team , Babe takes an interest into changing his own destiny , which was nothing short of becomming Christmas dinner sooner or later.Farmer Hogget , noticing the pig 's insistance in hearding and seperating animals decides to do something crazy and go with his gut . With Fly on the injured list and Rex not able to compete any longer , Hogget enters Babe into the `` Sheep Dog '' competion as nothing less than just `` pig '' . This is a film which shows that nothing short of persistance , believing in one self and having a big heart will out weigh all the odds stacked against you . Children and adults of all ages will love this little Aussie fable right down to the ending leaving you with a smile on your face , a giggle in your own heart and a warm glow inside .
 Yippie-Skippie and Jumpin ` Jackrabbits ! I could never imagine having a children 's popcorn/movie night that did not include the option of watching one of my treasured favorites , BABE , a magnificent , timeless classic from Universal Pictures . Reality-based truths with affectionate , well-spoken farmyard animals entertain as the star of the show carries your heart through multiple quests and challenges . You 'll find yourself ` rooting ' for the entire cast of animal characters as kindness , goodness , wholesome , healthy attitudes prevail for a most remarkable ending ... for a pig , of course . Children appreciate the chance to view such a film that gives them the freedom to think and apply the same healthy attitudes learned from the movie in their own lives . Do n't let a child grow up without viewing this film at least a dozen times ... even if that child is YOU!Patricia Watkins ~ author of BOYD-FRIEND
 This is a story of Love , Compassion , and Understanding . As any good film maker is required to provide , a Story must be told . You wo n't be let down . But , if you do n't like animals talking to each other , then you should avoid this movie -LRB- cold hearted son-of-a-gun you may be -RRB- The `` story '' -LRB- narration adds the gravey -RRB- , is what makes this eternal and complete . Find it and buy it ! Kids will love it ... Grandma and Grandpa too . If you 're 20 something - ... `` That 'll Do '' .
 The story is wonderful and so is the music . Big thumbs up ! My son loves this movie and so do I.
 Babe is one of the rare films I could watch over and over , and it 's certainly among my top ten favorites . It 's funny , it 's heart-breaking , and it 's inspiring . These may seem like odd descriptions considering this is a film about a talking pig . But it 's so much more than that . Babe , the pig , is purchased as a baby by a farmer , while his mother and siblings meet the unfortunate fate of most pigs.As the sole pig on the farm , Babe struggles for acceptance and is `` adopted '' by a dog who is mothering her own pups . Yes , all the animals talk , and the voice acting work is excellent.James Cromwell is great as the quiet , proud farmer . Babe goes to great -LRB- and adorable -RRB- lengths to please him . The final scene of the film will either make you cry tears of happiness , stand up and cheer , or a combination of both.Whether you 're an adult who has n't seen this film , or you 'd like a movie to watch with your children , Babe is a must see .
 Great family fun . Safe for all ages . Nothing offensive in wardrobe , language , or plot . truly a safe family fun movie .
 love this movie -- absolutely adorable . Very well done movie with live animals -- brilliant and so much fun . All ages will love it
 With an idyllic setting , moral and social conflicts , fear and courage , friendship and family , imagination and faith , BABE touches the heart and head . This is a timeless , magical tale ... . subtle and substantive , for viewers of all ages .
 I have n't received my order yet but I know the movie well . It truly is one of my favorite movies ever . It 's really quite sophisticated ; mote than you would expect from a talking pig movie . It was nominated for best picture when it came out in -LRB- 1997 -RRB- . Just a clever and darling movie . I wanted to give a fun movie to my niece and her children . Most people have seen &#34; A Christmas Story , &#34; so I decided on this one . &#34; Milo and Otis &#34; is another talking animal movie that is a lot of fun too .
 There needs to be more cartoon movies with cows and farm animals , as most toddlers love seeing animals and making animal noises .
 I bought this for my niece and nephew , partly because it 's so old I knew that would n't own it already . But upon re-watching it , I was struck by how gentle it seemed compared to most of what they see . The story is well paced , but not frantically so . And how many kids these days are familiar with old school farm life and animals?A wonderful live-action movie for the whole family . No gratuitous violence , no wisecracking animated characters making &#34; hip &#34; pop culture references or winks at other movies . Farm animals with distinct personalities and voices that convey character and intelligence . Full of comedy and drama . Great life lessons and a triumphant ending . One scary dog fight and a near escape from death from the title character , but compared to the violence of video games and other movies , I think kids can handle it .
 Love -LRB- LOVE ! -RRB- this movie ! If you say you do n't love Babe then you 're just lying to yourself . Great movie at any age !
 GREAT heartfelt movie . Twists and turns you do n't expect . Could watch it every day and not tire of it . Love the song , &#34; If I had Words &#34; ... brings a tear every time !
 I saw this in the theater with my wife . I had read a favorable review . We loved it . It ought to become a `` classic '' family movie . The sequel did n't live up to the original , but I tend to feel that way about many other movie sequels . We have grandchildren now , so I wanted to add this to our disney classics and other family friendly movies .
 This is by far the best film ever . I love this story . The characters , the soundtrack , the location . WOW ! A great addition to your family collection at home !
 I bought Babe for my grandson . He calls it the `` Pig Movie '' and watches it daily . He loves to watch the animals talk and laugh !
 What 's not to love , we did from the first time we ever saw it . Needed to add it to our collection , again -LRB- seems we loaned it out somewhere along the line . . -RRB- . Husband got his 46 '' LCD last Christmas and have found that it was like seeing the movies anew , especially when we could get the widescreen version , so this time that was a requirement . Blu-Ray is still too expensive to make sense , and ca n't play them in the RV when we travel . The stores did n't seem to have it in stock , so Internet shopping was the only way . This was a perfect fit for home and away , Grandson -LRB- 9 -RRB- loved it as much as we did during our recent `` Adventure '' to Mt Rushmore . Process was simple and fast , had the product in less than a week .
 This saved my life !! My son is so happy . Came quick and in great condition .
 This is a terrific family feel good movie . I love the voiceovers and it gives a great message !
 My husband and I saw this on a non-commercial movie channel . We are both animal `` nuts '' and really enjoyed it so I ordered it for my 2 year old grandson . He loves it . It 's a lovely movie and is very refreshing compared to the smart alleck children 's movies of today .
 This truly is a movie that can be enjoyed by animal lovers of all ages . Young children will enjoy the talking animals and their antics ; older children and adults will appreciate the sociological nuances in this well-crafted fable .
 A fable celebrating the triumph of the improbable in the face of convention . Clever use of storybook titles , narrative , lighting & music make this a captivating experience . Ntl Soc Film Critics , Best Film . Golden Globe Best Film -LRB- music / comedy -RRB- . 6 Academy Award nominations incl Best Director
 Very cute story and great for kids ! If you are an animal lover , this is the movie for you !
 When it comes to children 's movies , `` Babe '' pretty much corners the market on successful genre characteristics with its talking animals , simple humor , & heartfelt story.For a basic plot summary , `` Babe '' tells the story of a pig who , after losing his mother , gets brought to a small family farm . Having lived in a pen most of his young life , the pig -LRB- christened Babe -RRB- must quickly acclimate to life with other animals . After viewing the sheep dogs and their respected place in the eyes of Farmer Hoggett -LRB- James Cromwell -RRB- , Babe sets out on an unlikely quest to become a sheep-herder of his own.For kids , `` Babe '' will enthrall in nearly every scene . There is oddball humor -LRB- always a favorite for the youngsters -RRB- , crazy sight gags , and enough emotional moments to even make the kiddies care about little Babe.For adults , the film does juuuust enough to keep you interested . Cromwell 's performance as the farmer is very nuanced , while the overall farming atmosphere will appeal to many older viewers.Overall , then , I consider Babe to be a solid children 's effort . I 'd recommend not frying up a pan of bacon anytime soon after viewing , however , lest your child -LRB- ren -RRB- become a little weepy -LRB- ! -RRB- . All in all , a great family film .
 What is the definition of personification ? Provide an example . This movie is about a pig that talks , hangs out in the house , herds sheep , saves sheep , fights wild dogs , and fights with cats . If that 's not enough it also features an old man dancing a jig to some serious Celtic tunes . Score ! Sound awesome ? It is . Go watch it . This movie even makes sheep herding appear awesome and exciting . Amazing!Personification : The attribution of a personal nature or human characteristics to something nonhuman , or the representation of an abstract quality in human form.One last note
 The thing I do n't get is that they say everything about the movie but yet the most important thing in the world where was it filmed , I checked the case and it says nothing on it where it was filmed.Iv ' e been trying to find the place on the enternet and close ' t thing I can find to resemble where the movie was filmed is England but is everyone saying that it was filmed in Austrailia I do n't belevie that how could austrailia be so beautiful like that .
 Wonderful film for all ages to watch . `` Pig '' seems so genuine and feeling . The film makers did a great job in creating this ! -LRB- Only 1 drawback
 I seldom wrote any comments . But , this time I just felt that I had to say something about this movie -- to me , it 's simply the best movie ever made in the 20th century . What really is amazing may not only reside in the fantastic acting of those animals , but in the fact that it 's got some deep phylosophical meaning -LRB- or `` nothingness '' , in Satre 's word ! -RRB- with the story per se -- it reminds us that sometimes -LRB- or , in better terms , all times -RRB- we human beings may just have taken things too seriously ... And in this sense , the champion sheep-pig is more human than us ... Should you want to share some wiews with me , just write to af5520@wayne.edu -- P.S.
 The very best talking pig oriented film of the nineties NOT to include Louis Rukeyser ; but still in my estimation the film suffers from this STAGGERINGLY TITANIC OMISSION ! For shame ...
 You have kids.You 're kids like to read stories -LRB- and watch movies -RRB- 1,000 of times over and over and over ... If ya got ta watch a story several time , this movie is a sure-winner . There 's lots of things in here for both parents and kids. : - -RRB-
 This is one of my top five favorite movies of all time . I am 39 and female . If I need a pick me up , I put on this movie . Others have said that this is a depressing and unhappy movie . There certainly are sad parts . But , life is sometimes sad and Babe 's consistantly upbeat attitude with life always lifts my spirit . The last scene with the sheep always brings tears to my eyes . I have n't shared this movie with my 2 year old son yet . But , one day , I want him to see it . The real lesson this film sends is life can be tough and hard but that we can find beauty and happiness when we try . What better lesson can we teach a child ?
 Babe is the only series of films that through playing the theme song I actually start tearing up . The first one is simple , and so meaningful . Every moment is crafted to stick in a persons head forever , and that makes the film that much more precious . Everything about this DVD is excellent , but what I ask is , where is the WIDESCREEN VERSION ! The images in this film are so meticulously crafted , depths of fields are perfect , composition is subtle , but it really matters . Everything about this movie is quite brilliant , but the DVD is lacking the original filmmakes vision to it 's fullest extent . Yes buy this film , because it is the best of the available editions of it , but be prepared when half a sheep in the foreground is cut off , or when Babe and His Owner walk onto the field at the end , and it does n't seem half as big as when you saw it at the movie theatre , and therefore far less imposing . And I give it a 4 out of 5 because of that alone .
 arguabley , This is the best Family movie perhaps of all time . It 's values and production perfect , as well as the story . A movie the whole family will enjoy from the youngest kids to Grandpa . `` that ` ill do pig that ` ill do ''
 I simply adore this movie . It is a modern fairytale . Watching it for the 1st time was like being immersed in a magical land . . Timeless and without a place ... a true fairytale!It is a bit dark -LRB- as most true folk/fairytales are -RRB- but that just gives it enough of an edge to make it that much more so complex.A beautiful , delightful and enchantment !
 Trust me , `` Babe '' , although written and filmed later , was much better than the other major pig movie , `` Charlotte 's Web '' . What are the highlights ? How do they dominate those of the 1973 so-called `` timeless classic '' ? Allow me to explain .1 . Babe himself . The main pig of the story is the one who deserves to be so . He earns his right to a long life , unlike Wilbur , who begs and cries until the spider agrees to help . Babe becomes a sheepdog and excels in doing so .2 . It 's not dumb or cheesy . When I was a young kid , I loved both movies , but now that I 'm older , I decided to pull both of my childhood favorites out of the dusty video pile to see how they live up . Babe kept the charm and integrity I remember . Charlotte 's Web did n't . Babe 's destination
 The story opens to ` Babe ' at the pig farm with his mother , brothers and sisters enjoying an affectionate family moment . Out of the blue the mother is dragged away to ` pig paradise ' , a place so wonderful that no pig has been known to come back . Because Babe has such a special loving heart he is crying in his pen and is thus easy to catch when a couple of farmers arrive to catch a baby pig to take to the fair for a ` guess the weight of the pig ' fund raiser . In this way is Babe saved from the butchers knife for the first , but not the last , time , and thus begins his life on ` Hoggett Farm ' . Here he meets many animal friends , is adopted by an Australian Shepherd Mother dog who has had to say farewell to her puppies , and finds his place , eventually , herding sheep who respond to him because he is such a nice little pig and always polite . This movie broaches some pretty serious issues -LRB- first of all - yes - people do eat pigs , and ducks too , but also subtler ones like stepping out of your predetermined niche in society , being kind and loving when it does n't always seem benificial on the surface of things , that sometimes people -LRB- or animals -RRB- can appear ` bad ' because of bad things that have happened to them -RRB- , yet does so in such a gentle , caring and humorous way that even the youngest child is unlikely to be upset by it . The imagery is very lush , old fashioned and ` romantic ' , the acting is superb . And HOW DID THEY DO THE ANIMATION ?? It is beyond me . You would swear that these really are talking animals . Adults and children will enjoy this film . My daughter fell in love with it when she was less than a year old and I have seen it easily fifty times now . I still love it . I can not find a flaw in the plot , the acting , the deeper philosophical issues brought up . It is just about a perfect film in every way .
 I was given some free passes to see this film right before it came out . I had seen the trailers , and they looked cute , but if I had n't gotten the free passes , I might have skipped over this gem . This is far more than a children 's movie.The voice of the pig is absolutely perfect ... sweet , innocent and believable . Babe 's tender heart will remind you of Wilbur from E.B. White 's `` Charlotte 's Web '' but this is a story in its own right ... and there is no talking spider.James Cromwell received an Oscar nomination for his role as Farmer Hoggett , a sweet , somewhat hen-pecked sheep farmer who wins the piglet as a prize in a county fair.Babe is a lonely little piglet ... he 's had to say goodbye to his siblings and his mother at a tender age and is thrust into a barn with all sorts of strange animals he 's never seen before . All of the animals , dogs , horses , the cows , etc. feel sorry for Babe and look out for him . There is rivalry with the top Border Collie , but Babe 's sweet and innocent disposition wins the hearts of all reluctant farm dwellers.The farmer 's wife initially sees Babe as just a ham on legs , but the farmer sees more and finds a friend that changes his life.It is impossible to see this film and not get at least a lump in your throat and many scenes will make you laugh outloud . I wish the DVD included more features , like a behind-the-scenes featurette outlining how they got the animatronics -LRB- which won a much deserved Oscar -RRB- to work . Perhaps it was felt that children would be dismayed that the pig really ca n't talk or that it took nearly 30 pigs to make the film due to the speed in which they grow into 1-ton hogs ... I 'm not sure , but as an adult , i would have enjoyed seeing more features on the DVD . This is still a wonderful family film and unforgettable and sweet characters .
 I am a film buff , who never had much interest in children 's films , because they were either cloying , patronizing , or incredibly manipulative . This one is different . This film does what any great film should do-involve you in the many layers , subtexts and subtleties of the film . While many would say , well , its just a story about a pig - I say-quite wrong ! I am always attracted to the well-constructed story , and yes , this film is better than the book . Not because you can see it - I often prefer books to movies , because I create all the scenes in my imagination . It is because it plumbs deeper than the book , to create something as rare as the perfect short story - the perfect fable . All great fables teach us something about life - and that is what BABE does so splendidly . Indeed , life and goodness shine through beautifully in this film . And truth - BABE does not shrink from showing us reality . It seems to be such a little story - and its not . Yet , it is highly enjoyable , and it is even more rewarding for adults than children-although it is a perfect family film . I cried buckets when I saw this film in the theater , because it brought back memories of my childhood , when a lonely girl created an imaginary landscape of talking animals in the forest . The film appealed to me on so many levels , though . Move over Les Enfants du Pardis - BABE is now my favorite film , and I highly recommend this film to you . END
 Babe was a runaway success in 1995 . It even got a best picture nomination and in my mind should have won . This is a fantastic movie , sure to delight children from 2-100 . Chris Noonan has created the modern farmyard parable . He deftly brings you into his world of talking animals centered around that most amicable of pigs , Babe . While the sheepdogs rule the farm , Babe warms the heart of sheep and dog alike , and eventually farmer Hoggett much to the chagrin of his wife who is counting the days to the next big feast . Ultimately Babe is spared as farmer Hoggett comes to realize he has a most unusual pig on his hands . Babe finds himself welcomed into the fold , rising to the ultimately status of being able to come into the house on miserable nights , at the expense of the house cat . All these animals are played wonderfully off each other . The voices could n't be better . Farmer Hoggett eventually puts Babe to the ultimate challenge , the great sheepherding competition , which brings out a raucous reaction from the crowd . But Babe soon silences them . This movie has everything one could want in a children 's movie and more . It deserves its place among the classics of all time .
 I stayed away from the theaters when this movie was playing , suspicious that it was just another over-hyped Disney-like film . I rue that decision now , for I missed the chance to share it firsthand with dozens of undoubtedly delighted families . As the critics have duly noted , this movie is already a classic in every sense of the word . Far better than `` Charlotte 's Web '' and indeed all the other `` animal '' films , it has inaugurated a cinematic genre . Neither the brooding parody of Orwell 's `` Animal Farm '' nor the frivolous antics of Looney Tunes , `` Babe '' has shown that it is possible to entertain with animals while making one think about the unavoidable lessons of life . This movie succeeds on so many levels , as its many Oscar nominations indicated , that one has to believe that creative genius was behind it . The screenplay is accessible to children yet retains moments of adult wit reminiscent of `` Peanuts . '' This careful use of language to convey simple truths may explain some of the film 's broad appeal . But its heart-warming , life-affirming message , delivered as it is by the most unassuming of characters -- a pig -- explains the rest . If you 've been hesitant like me to even watch , much less buy this film , do yourself a favor and rush out to rent it . -LRB- Indeed it has almost made me into a vegetarian , but that 's another story -RRB- . Then the film itself will convince you to add it to your home video library . You and your family will treasure it for years to come .
 The movie Babe is so completely filled with memorable and hilarious gags and scenes and one-liners that it 's hard to pick a favorite.I 'm a sheep pig.Baa-Ram-Ewe . The goose flapping outside the window.The farmer 's wife passing out on the motel bed.Etc. , etc. , etc. . . Marvelous , marvelous tale of a little pig on an Australian farm who is adopted by the farmer 's border collie and trained to herd sheep . The improbable movie turned into the surprise hit of 1995 , the video has probably been bought by more families than any other film of recent memory . With its message of hope and salvation , it 's a hilarious and sentimental film you can watch again and again .
 Disappointed in Babe
 When a little orphaned pig named Babe is taken in by Arthur Hoggett , the magic begins . He befriends all of the animals on the farm and becomes a `` sheep pig , '' doing the Border Collies Fly and Rex 's work just as well as the dogs themselves . Babe later wins a sheep-dog contest , proving that even the seemingly impossible is possible.This brilliantly made film is an endearing family movie without being too sweet or sugar-coated . Adults and children alike will be delighted by the pleasant , and often funny , storylthe ine , as well as the talking animals like Fly , who takes care of Babe like she does her own puppies , and the trio of mice who sing songs like `` Blue Moon . '' Underneath its surface , the movie holds an important moral
 Brilliant film-making comes in many guises , and `` Babe '' clearly and abundantly falls within this rarified realm . With a compelling , fanciful storyline , peerless acting and seamless animation/real-life imagery , and the quiet assurance of James Cromwell 's Academy award nominated portrayal of the taciturn , yet soulful Farmer Hoggett , this movie consistent manages to appeal to the viewer 's heart , mind , funny bone and soul . From the uproarious -LRB- a wacky goose who faces possible slaughter for a Yuletide meal proclaiming `` Christmas is carnage ... Christmas is CARNAGE ! '' -RRB- to gentle , real love between a man and his pig -LRB- not that kind of love , you perverts ! -RRB- , as Farmer Hoggett gently admonishes his porcine sheepdog , `` That 'll do , pig . That 'll do '' , as they take the grand prize at the Sheep Hearding contest at the film 's heart-wrentching conclusion , this movie belongs in the pantheon of great and original films . -LSB- As to the reviewer here who decried the film as `` cruel '' , I feel compelled to reply that the only cruelty was your failure to let your children see the movie through to its beautiful conclusion . Death is a part of life -- heck , Walt Disney whacked Bambi 's mom in what many consider the definitive children 's movie -- and this film deals with death responsibly and gently . Likewise , and to the best of my recollection , none of the central characters meets its demise , though I would concede that perhaps the implied death -LRB- very off screen -RRB- of Babe 's mother may be upsetting to children under the age of 5 or 6 . -RSB-
 If you are n't willing to admit that a movie with a talking pig as its star can be a great movie , you have to tell me what label to use for this wonderful and touching film . It is special in so many ways that I have to admit it is one of my favorite films . My kids make fun of me for it , but I do n't really care.I went to this movie in the theaters with no expectations beyond spending some time with my kids watching a goofy film . And I have to admit that the first few minutes in the pig factory had me apprehensive about the motives of the film . But when Hoggett -LRB- James Cromwell -RRB- and the pig regard each other at the fair , well , I started to be won over . By the time Ferdinand the Duck crows like a rooster , I was with the movie 100 % . The whole look of the movie is unique . The voices of the animals are all great and they are given fabulous lines . Mrs. Hoggett -LRB- Magda Szubanski -RRB- is fab-u-lous as the silent farmer 's ambitious and talkative wife.There are so many wonderful things about the movie that I can not name them all , but when Hoggett sings and then dances -LRB- ! -RRB- for Babe to try and inspire the recovery of the pig , well , that is a great scene of all time as far as I am concerned . Magical . How Cromwell created and embodied this character I will never understand . Hoggett is a perfect character for the role he is playing as the man with the taciturn outside and the off the wall inside that can see the sheep pig where his wife sees only meals . How many lessons for life are there in that ? They are hard to number.And who does n't love Ferdinand leading Babe into the house to try and steal the alarm clock that Ferdinand sees as a threat to his life because it is a mechanical rooster . Since he is a duck the farmer will eat he has become a rooster and now he wo n't even be needed as that . The funniest bit is when , and you might miss it , all heck breaks loose later in the movie and Ferdinand says `` Rinnggg Rinnggg '' trying to be the mechanical rooster.And not enough good things can be said for the wonderful voice Christine Cavanaugh gives to Babe . It is perfect and thought the second movie is very good , it never reaches the perfections of this movie .
 Splendidly combining live-animal action with Jim Henson-esque animatronics , Noonan 's irresistible `` Babe '' is a story about flouting convention and realizing one 's potential . With its live menagerie of talking ducks , sheep , dogs , and a Greek chorus of mice mirroring the human pecking order , this Oscar-nominated film puts an intelligent , absorbing spin on self-betterment . Clever , rousing entertainment for everyone in your stable .
 This was a great movie , and was shipped in a reasonable time , and was in great condition just as described . Would deffinately do business again .
 Babe is a little pig who does n't quite know his place in the world . With a bunch of odd friends , like Ferdinand the duck who thinks he is a rooster and Fly the dog he calls mom , Babe realizes that he has the makings to become the greatest sheeppig of all time . After seeing this movie , I could n't bring myself to eat another animal ever again .
 They released a fullscreen DVD version with NO extras . How dare they do that to a film shot so beautifully and carefully as this one ! It deserves WIDESCREEN and extras.The film itself is 5 star ... this DVD is 0 . And I round 2.5 to 2 . Until the next release of the DVD at fullscreen you may as well stick to your video tape version ! : -LRB- EDIT
 The dvd is great for Spanish as well as English speaking households . Both languages are well dubbed and the cinematography is magnificently beautiful . The Spanish version contributes a quirkier , more ethnic humor that just can not be translated into English . Highly recommended , you will want to see it over and over again . Wish there was a widescreen version .
 `` Babe '' is a perfect film - funny , touching , wise . I , as many people , thought this was simply a kiddy film and I resisted seeing it . How wrong I was ! Underneath the funny story line is a message of faith , love , loss , and tolerance . These messages are not lost on kids - there is much to learn from this wonderful film .
 This is the story of a survivor , the only little pig not to get taken to the butcher . He was just a little pink pig , and what was his usefulness . The family cat told him he was the bacon on the family table , the pork chops in the freezer . So little pink Babe had to prove his worth , and thereby not become a meal on the family table.He could talk to the sheep and the sheep finally listened because they thought he was such a sweet little thing . He could round them up and tell them to do stuff and they would do it because he was always polite when he asked.At the county fair , there was a sheep rounding contest . All the other contestants had dogs , but it was Babe the Pig who won.I 'm sure anyone who watches TV on a regular basis has seen this sweet little movie . If you have not seen it , you are missing a great show . I highly recommend the movie Babe .
 `` Babe '' comes the closest to being a perfect film out of anything I 've seen . Everything in the film should be there , and nothing seems to be missing -- the funny touches with the mice , the love between Babe and Farmer Hogget , the themes on family and self-identity -- any adult or child can watch this movie and love it .
 This is the best movie I have EVER seen ! I just love watching this movie over and over again ! it 's a great movie , and I still watch it , although I 'm a teenager ! I just love animals and it 's the perfect movie for us !
 an absolute classic one of kind movie that shows hollywood still makes great movies ... by the way my rca dvd player has no problems skiping over the previews . so those ones that complained about it dont listen . if they would spend more than 50 cents for their dvd players and stop complaining they would enjoy this great motion picture . morons !! and they wonder why america is so fat too lazy to press a button even if they have to watch a few trailers big deal . did they think about scene access ??????????????????????
 I saw it in cinema one day after class with my classmate when I was still living in California . We were around 20 at the time and we laughed out loud like the children around when we saw the duck knocking at the window !
 Please disregard the statement below that reads -LRB- and I quote -RRB-
 It seems like a silly idea , does n't it ? A pig who can talk . Oh , wait , is n't that sort of like `` Charolette 's Web '' . Aside from the talking animals this computer and live action film is quite different . I was pleased by the complexities of the characters and surprised at how well the human actors interacted with digitally enhanced animal actors . No really scary moments so little should be able to enjoy this too .
 Funny , lyrical , visually sumptuous , compellingly written and , above all , wise , `` Babe '' must be hailed as a film classic . A coming of age film set in a barnyard , a magical , gifted pig steals our hearts and easily makes us believers ! You will fall in love with the movie , both its humans and animals , and be knocked out by its innovative filmmaking . This is animation at its best , a realistic 3-dimensional fully realized vision that transports and entertains us every step of the way.This original is light , airy and breezy , though not without its insightful moments and life lessons . It 's also markedly different from its follow-up - the commercially disappointing , but equally eloquent triumph `` Babe - Pig in the City '' . `` Pig '' is moodier and darker - an edgy unexpectedly surreal vision -LRB- and still BRILLIANT AS WELL ! -RRB- This is the underdog -LRB- in th is case the under-pig -RRB- movie of all time - equal parts magic and tonic . I say - PIG OUT !
 What can I say about the movie that has n't been said already ? It is wonderful ! And this DTS-DVD adds near-perfect picture quality , fine surround sound with more directional effects than `` Apollo 13 '' and an outstanding orchestral score . Family entertainment at its best . / / I 've returned today , over one and a half years after I initially wrote the review above , to add some information because in the meantime I have purchased the German DVD release of the movie , which comes with an anamorphic widescreen transfer and DD 5.1 sound . While the Dolby Digital soundtrack -LRB- in English language -RRB- is clearly inferior to the DTS sound of this DVD here -LRB- the only time so far I 've actually been able to determine an audible difference between DTS and DD 5.1 -RRB- , it needs to be said that the picture composition of this release does suffer from the pan & scan 4:3 transfer . While the image quality of this transfer can still be rated as excellent , is has become apparent to me that the sweeping landscapes look much better in widescreen . After all , it is what the filmmakers had intended . So if you own a 16x9 TV , you have to make up your mind between a great widescreen image of some other release of this movie and the outstanding DTS soundtrack of this one . If your TV is in 4:3 , the choice may be a little easier .
 I 'd like to add my voice to the chorus here . :
 Babe is one of the most creative movies I 've ever seen . It can not be called an old Hollywood formula movie at all . James Cromwell gave a great performance .
 this movie shows that anyone or any pig can do whatever they set their mind to . the sheepdog in the movie looks just like my dog
 this movie is so adorable ! I am 16 years old and it has been my favorite from the start . Do n't have any worries when you purchase this video . It is worth ever penny and is sure to bring you lots of laughs and tears .
 A fun , heart-warming movie with a quirky twist . I really enjoyed this movie as a light-hearted look at life on a farm . It is suitable for all ages . It does not contain any bad language , sex or strong violence . The basic story premise speaks to the child in all of us and in my opinion is far superior than the sequel -LRB- Babe - Pig in the City -RRB- . The performances by the artists and puppeteers from Jim Henson Creature Shop , the Animatronics robotic animals and the real animals are seamless . A big plus that the film was shot on location in Australia and used a lot of local talent . A movie one could see again and again and find new things to enjoy each time .
 THIS HAS GOT TO BE ON MOST PARENT 'S TOP TEN LIST OF CHILDREN 'S FAVORITES . AFTER WE RENTED THIS DVD FOR YEARS I FINALLY PURCHASED IT . IT 'S HARD NOT SITTING DOWN WITH THEM TO WATCH THIS FOR THE UMPTEENTH TIME . THE STORY AND THE CHARACTERS ARE FANTASTIC .
 I was given a copy of BABE on DVD a couple of years ago as a gift -LRB- my girlfriend -- who loves pigs -- knew this is one of my favorite movies -RRB- , but I was thoroughly disgusted to find , upon putting in in the DVD player , that it was a FULLSCREEN edition . I did n't even bother to finish rewatching it . I was further disgusted to learn that a widescreen edition did n't even exist.I was ecstatic to learn while Christmas shopping that a widescreen edition had recently been released . I snatched a copy of immediately , and I am happy to report that the movie was as good as I remembered it being . The film was nominated for Best Picture at the Oscar , and I was pulling hard for it to beat the bathetic and overblown BRAVEHEART for the award . Unfortunately , the best film did not win -LRB- as so oftens happens -RRB- . I can not recommend this movie strongly enough .
 The beginning of the film starts with narration how Babe goes to the farm and what happen to Babe before he comes . The most notable feature of this film is personification of animals . Particularly , in the conversation of animals , a mouth moves . It supposed to be used special effects . It describes realistically like people & iexcl ; s talking , by using the expression & iexcl ; s changes as well . This film is based on the fairy tale , for that reason , a narrator appears and explains about the story during the film like an orally narrated fairy tale . In addition , it divides into several chapters , which is also like reading a fairy tale . And this film uses music quite appropriately , especially , when the incidents happen . For example , the music expresses the situation that makes tension or intimation . Interesting thing is the feature of animals , which are personified ; they have a discipline in their own way like the human society . There is a leader who is a male sheepdog , named & iexcl ; Rex & iexcl ; . Like this , they are all like human . After Babe comes to the farm , it happens some chances that Babe break the rule . When he becomes a sheep-pig , he does not use his authority and threats to lamb like other sheepdogs , but he asks his favor to them politely . Finally , this film states humanity and morality . At the last happy ending scene , the bright sunlight talks this . As the whole , this seems to be like a fairy tale book , a farm , a hill and animals , all the background of this film are like one scene of the nursery story . The reason why this can be possible is the special effects . This film can not be said except special effects , it is the most significant part of this work . For example , special effects are related to every animal & iexcl ; s movement , features , expressions , in particular , when they have a conversation , the motion of their mouth and also singing mice . In fact , this film has a simple plot that one pig , named & iexcl ; Babe & iexcl ; , becomes a sheepdog and wins a first prize at the sheepdog contest . However , sometimes simplicity is better than complexity like this fairy tale for adults .
 the other reviewers here tell about this movie far better than i can . but i had such a strong reaction to this movie i HAD to add a repetitious YES ! buy this movie . i saw this in a theatre , and as expected was one of the few adults there . i embarrassed myself by helpless crying at the end of the movie . it was SO HAPPY of a movie ! the first time i saw Its a Wonderful Life i cried and cried too . like the Jimmy Stewart movie , Babe is so life-affirming and positive . i call these movies in the ` make lemonade out of lemons ' category , but say it so strongly without too much sentiment or sugary pollyanna statements . the humor is perfectly pitched , and appropriate .
 A totally inspired surprise , this little piggy is one of the most charming films ever . The tale of an orphaned piglet who develops into , of all things , a sheepherding dog , its story will enthrall both children and adults alike . Despite the adorable talking animals and bucolic setting , the story is grounded in the basic realities of farm life and the position animals hold within the human world . As a result , it has a darker , at times more menacing edge than most such films - but nothing that should frighten or disturb anyone but the smallest of children . Terrific performances by all , seamless animatronic special effects , and well-deserved Oscar nominations -LRB- including Best Film -RRB- and a Best Supporting Actor win for James Cromwell as Farmer Hoggett . And the ending , where Babe is entered in a sheepherding competition , is as rousing and heartwarming as any sports finale ever filmed .
 It 's not just the cute animals and the clever voice-over animation that make this endlessly watchable by all ages - it 's an anti- `` Animal Farm , '' just as intelligent in its vision of society and well-observed actual animal characteristics that are both metaphors for human society and excellent portrayals of animal life , but also witty , sometimes ROTFL-funny , and genuinely moving . I 'm sure the upcoming sequel will be just as cute and well-animated but I do n't see how anything can touch the multi-layered story of the original .
 To your fleece , to your flock , to your breed be true !!! Bah ! Ram ! Ewe!And as Farmer Hoggett said , &#34; That 'll do pig ... &#34;
 This was purchased for our animal-loving daughter who was five at the time but uninterested in seeing it -LRB- ????? -RRB- We brought it out a year later and played it and she LOVED it ... LOVES it : -RRB- A good , sweet movie with a lovely ending .
 An excellant movie which fits both kids and adults . The storyline is unbelievable , but then how do you understand what animals are saying to each other in times of stress .
 Babe is a marvelous family classic ! The movie tells the story of an innocent piglet who befriends animals on a farm and becomes especially close to a sheepdog named Fly . With Fly 's help and all of the animals on the farm , Babe enters a sheepherding competition . Will Babe win the competition even though he is just a piglet ? Watch the movie for yourself ! I liked this movie a lot because all of the animals are great actors and have personalities similar to people . At times I wondered if the animals were just extremely well-trained or if the use of animatronics was this effective . The dubbing was also wonderful . The format the movie uses to tell the story is like a children 's storybook , with each chapter telling an interesting story with a moral . The movie is also well directed . I especially liked the scene where Babe is trying to steal the farmer 's alarm clock because director Chris Noonan used suspenseful music to make the audience more anticipated . I recommend this movie to children ages 4 and up because very little kids will still be able to enjoy it . The movie delivers a positive message that you can do anything despite your appearance . Babe is one of the many classics brought to your home by HDnet movies on KidScene , a morning and Friday night programming block specifically for kids and families . by Gabriella Chu , age 14 , KIDS FIRST ! Film Critic
 I had seen this several years ago and recently our grandson was asked to make a report on the film . I was only too glad to order it from Amazon and found it even more delightful than the first time my wife and I watched it . A great story for all ages .
 My autistic grandson loves certain parts of this movie . He originally purchased by accident no knowing it was a rental but having seen it before . Babe is a down to earth , intelligent and heart warming movie .
 Babe is a wonderful movie for adults as well as children ! Full of humor , great acting , talent and beautiful scenery ! A perfect movie for animal lovers . -LRB- Both farm animals and house pets , such as a cat ! -RRB- It has a happy ending for all ! We would watch it again and again ! We loved BABE and the Border Collies !
 I totally LOVE this movie since i was 2 years old . Now when i hear the songs , it brings back many memorise . Not to mention this movie was a total sucsess ! It almost won some award . but i think it won some other ones too ! Great movie ! Love it ! : -RRB-
 This has beed on my top favorite movie lists since i was 2 years old . the songs are GREAT ! It reminds me of my childhood . This story has talking animals but they do n't talk to humans . It is very sweet and charming and you will be missing out on a lot of you do n't watch it ! Great family movie !
 Love the movie , this is a fun and a safe movie for children and adults to watch together to spend some quality time . Using real animals gave the movie a fun twist when they would talk . With funny parts , and a nice ending , this movie made us all happy .
 Gift for Christmas arrived timely , Product as described . This was a gift to Secret Santa they were surprised and pleased to receive . Good Job Amazon .
 There are many great films out there , but Babe could be the best of them all . Seriously , the message is awesome and fun and heartwarming . It 's everything a film could be and more . I dare you not to love Babe . You ca n't not do it !
 Always fun to watch ! Got one for 3 yr old & One for me / grandma.I Love &#34; Babe &#34; and always wanted it for myself , to have forever !
 2 year old loves this movie. , she watches it every day. , she loves the pig in the movie and all the other animals
 I really love this movie . I got it for my grandkids for Christmas , as somehow they had never seen it !
 Had to replace the VHS Babe as I gave it to my daughter and I did n't want to deprive myself of such a heart warming movie .
 suitable for wide span of ages , adults included ... beautifully made . One of my favorite &#34; kid &#34; movies of all time ! watch it
 what can you say about a movie about a pig . They grand kids loved it and have watched it many times .
 Great family movie . I did not expect to enjoy this movie but , to my surprise , it was actually quite heart-warming .
 This is one of my very favorite moves to watch , and now my 3 yr old loves it too , the animals really seem to talk , and very good story line , all around great family movie
 Digital copy!Wonderful , loved it and glad to have had it will be adding more of the digital copies to my library .
 Ordered this for the grandkids and they love it ... Thanks Amazon for your prompt shipment ... Enjoy doing business with Amazon ... they make the whole process so easy .
 Babe is a great family movie ! Enjoyable and full of barnyard humor ! A great movie to watch when you need a `` pick me up '' and want to laugh ! There is also an underlying theme present that is a good morale to this story .
 I ca n't say much that other reviewers have n't already said . This is a sweet , charming movie with talking farm animals and a decent story . The characters of the animals are pulled off nicely , and if you enjoy films with talking animals , then give this a try !
 We never tire of watching this charming , funny movie with our kids . It stands the test of time . Highly recommend !
 I love this story about a pig who thinks he is a sheep . I love talking animals . But then I grew up on a farm . We enjoyed it even though we really bought it to have for our grandchildren to watch . My four-year-old grandson thought it was scary at first , so I 'd recommend it for ages 5 and above .
 Years ago when I first saw `` Babe '' in a movie theatre , it was sort of ho-hum . After viewing it again as a gift to my nephews -LRB- ages 5-7 -RRB- I finally `` got '' it ! Since the days of Aesop writers have used animals to make statements that are too profound for acceptance by adults . Now I would like to offer my best friends who are going through life 's challenges , the gift as expressed by the farmer to Babe . `` If I had words to make a day for you . '' Wow ! Just unsophisticated love .
 I remember going to see `` Babe '' in the movie theater when it came out . There 's a part , 2/3 of the way through , where Farmer Hoggett , Babe 's adoptive Dad -LRB- at least that 's what it feels like -RRB- , sings and dances a song to cheer up his depressed Babe . All through the movie , Farmer Hoggett is a serious man of few words . To see him sing and jump and throw up his hat , in an effort to get Babe to eat , was hilarious and touching . The whole theater roared with approval at the end of the song.I echo all the positive comments . This is a movie to cherish.And if ever you hear someone say , `` That 'll do , Pig . That 'll do . '' , you 'll know that they just put their absolute faith in someone running at 100 to 1 odds , and the long shot came through , out of love .
 This dvd should be in every collection of great movies . We loved it the first time andactually re-watch in at least once a year . Good old fashion love story between man and pig .
 awesome transaction . the product i received was exactly what i expectedI will be back to shop here !
 My grandaughter loved this movie and we have watched it several times now !
 Not only extremely entertaining , but an important lesson in life . You owe it to yourself to watch this movie . If you have kids , every time they watch it -LRB- instead of ??? cartoons -RRB- they will be becoming better persons .
 `` this is the story of an unpredjudiced heart and how it changed out valley forever . '' Babe will change you forever , too ! it 's one of the best-written films ever made , it 's the best , and ferdinand -LRB- the duck -RRB- Rules ...
 Babe is not to be missed ! It is a classic which will charm and delight both young and old for years to come . I have received rave reviews whenever I have given this video as a gift . BABE is a treasure !
 Ferdinand the duck screaming `` Christmas is Carnage '' is right on the money . People eat ham , turkey , lamb and so on on holidays and do n't understand that animals do have feelings . They do n't understand about the world as much as the ones in this film do , but then humans do n't understand what happens to non-humans in the factory farms and slaughterhouses . In fact , this film paints a rosy picture of life for animals that humans eat . It 's awfully nice for those dogs and pigs and cows and sheep living on that farm , and this can be misleading to children . But it hopefully makes them understand that eating another living being is , indeed , WRONG . You can turn a blind eye to the facts if you like and tell yourself that killing a pig for your Christmas dinner is a-ok , but perhaps this film will tell you otherwise .
 Does anyone remember seeing a movie called BABE ? Maybe about 15 years , or so , ago ? It is a story about Babe , a pig who is raised by sheepdogs , and learns to herd sheep , with a little help from Farmer Hoggett , played by James Cromwell.I have never been able to forget that mean cat in this movie who said to Babe , `` You do n't have a purpose . `` Worse than that ? The look on Babe 's face when she realized she had no purpose - that was a killer . Babe was perfectly happy before being asked that question but suddenly was so deflated . That cat was really a rotten cat ! Or was she ? Maybe Babe needed this incident , cruel as it was , to make her desire a purpose!There is a wonderful barnyard filled with animals , all with a purpose . All delightful . Do you remember James Cromwell , the farmer?I am writing a story on Finding Your Purpose and using the song James Cromwell sang ... If I Had Words . I think seeing this scene reminds me of how excited GOD might have been right after he created Adam . Having foreknowledge does not mean you ca n't be happy and excited -LRB- in the moment -RRB- when something wonderful happens . Cromwell has dust on his finger nails from working on the farm ; the LORD God formed man of dust from the ground so would he have had dust on his fingernails ? Imagine that!This movie , aside from entertaining , made me think a lot about having a purpose and what my purpose was . What a great teaching tool that was for me ! Everyone is born with a purpose and gifted for that purpose from his or her mother 's womb . We often miss it but we wander around a lifetime until we find it - that is , if we keep seeking for happiness and being fully alive.God gave Adam a purpose right off - he gives us all a purpose built in - a chip ? maybe in the soul ? maybe ? But he gave us a purpose and will have given us the gifts to fulfill that purpose . We should all look for that purpose!One day , maybe today , he will rejoice over us with singing - Zephaniah 3:17 The LORD , your God , is in your midst , a warrior who gives victory ; he will rejoice over you with gladness , he will renew you * in his love ; he will exult over you with loud singing as on a day of festival.Surely he will when we find our purpose and use it.Go track down If I Had Words and be entertained by James Cromwell .
 I have always thought that this film will always be 1,000 times better than anything that Disney could ever put out . It is well acted and directed . If you want to be a great parent , let your kids watch this film rather than `` Beauty and the Beast '' or `` The Lion King . ''
 Since my childhood days of watching episodes of Mister Ed , the talking horse . I often wondered how long it took to teach Mister Ed to just move his lips ? The voice man stood in the wings and through his voice . Finally , this little gem came along . I never thought they could pull it off technically and visually adding voice and mouth movement to the animals . And the animals acted so well . Just as convincing as their human counterparts . ` Babe ' was such a hit in 1995 that it was nominated in five categories and won one for the visual effects . A very worthy and well-deserved win . ` Babe ' can be enjoyed by everyone young and old . I would recommended it as one of my top favorite children 's film . As with some fate , Babe is saved from an unfortunate destiny , where all pigs must go . Babe and Farmer Hoggett paths cross at a country fair . Hoggett and Babe from that moment something passed between them . Hoggett guesses the weight of the little pig in a contest . Later that that week , Hoggett is notified as the winner . It 's when Hoggett brings Babe to his new home , Babe meets a menagarie of farm animals that take a liking to their new addition to the Hoggett farm . Babe is adopted by Fly , an Australian border collie . Babe makes friends with a duck who thinks he 's a rooster as cover from being a main course for Christmas dinner . Babe also makes friends with an ailing old ewe , Ma.One day , Farmer Hoggett allows Babe to accompany him and the sheepdogs in the fields where the sheep grazed . There Fly teaches Babe the art of being a sheep-pig . But , Babe also learns another valuable lesson in tending sheep . It 's a test if Babe is cutout to be a good sheep-pig . With Ma 's help the sheep co-operate with Babe . To Farmer Hoggett 's amazement in Babe 's special gift he enters Babe in annual sheepherding trials . In due time , Babe is put through the practice and confronts wolves who kill one of the sheep . Farmer Hoggett thinking Babe killed one of the sheep . Does it mean the death sentence for poor Babe ? But Fly comes to Babe 's rescue and saves the day for Babe . There 's the jealous , bad cat out to get Babe when she snidely tells Babe of the pig 's true purpose . Babe thinking that the Boss would in time eat him , Babe goes to Fly and ask if it were true . When Fly tells Babe the truth , Babe runs away in the rainy night . Next day , Fly and Farmer Hoggett find Babe taken by the cold rain and Hoggett nursed him back to health . Then the big day come and Hoggett and Babe go to the trials with a little surprise for the judges . Can Babe the sheep-pig prove himself good and be the next sheepherding champ ? Bet you know the answer already . I 'd recommend Babe to anyone of all ages , especially to parents with small children . It 's a darling , captivating tale with a lesson for all . Do n't let anyone tell you that you ca n't do something , until you prove them wrong . There 's another film about another talking pig , ` Gordy ' you may like , too .
 Absolutely splendid film , enjoyable by both children -LRB- other than the very young -RRB- and adults alike . The big disappointment , though , is the lack of widescreen format , especially missed in a film with such breathtaking cinematography , for which I 've docked this DVD a star . Now available at half the price in a two-DVD package with the lesser sequel , `` Babe
 i ` ve seen it last 1995 and it was really great i could not even shut my mouth because it ` s real fun.it was a great job indeed , the three blind mice narrating and what i ` ve enjoyed so much was that when babe sang a christmas carol.i would like to extend my warmest congratulations to everybody who made this movie an excellent one as well those who played the role of each characters.i salute u !
 I speak for my wife and I when I say that this series both Babe and Babe A Pig In The City have to be two of the best movies I have ever seen.The script is wonderful , the production is great and very cute I might add and our Grandchildren are just in love with these 2 sure to be classicsA true must see for anyone who loves animalsIf I had an extra set of hands it would get 4 thumbs up and a big toe
 I rarely give a perfect score though I have given many 8 's and 9 's because I am extremely selective about which movies I watch . In this case babe really came through all the way to the end . Often movies can do well but kind of flub the ending by carrying on longer than the `` Ah ha '' moment . Babe however ended just right leaving you with glowing warm feelings.Babe was entertaining , funny , somewhat thought provoking , and even a tad spiritual . Babe really prods the viewer to reconsider how they think about animals . Even though these animals are obviously anthropomorphized the movie still manages to break through our preconceptions.I 'm not sure how much of an animal rights bent this movie intended but for me it seemed obvious that deeper issues were implied . Ultimately though , even without much thought this is an easy movie to watch with its positive and wholesome values . I was heartened to see something so benign and at the same time well done movie -LRB- often a hard combination to be had -RRB- come out of Hollywood . In a time when it often seems almost anything goes this was a most welcome alternative .
 In my opinion , this film stands alongside `` The Wizard of Oz '' , `` Charlotte 's Web '' , and `` Mary Poppins '' at the pinnacle of family entertainment . A great surprise hit when it was released , it now has a firm and enduring place in the pantheon of great films.This is a movie for everyone to cherish , over and over again . It does not insult childrens ' intelligence , as so many kids flicks do , and it delights the adults as well.All of the characters are charming and well developed . The lush Aussie scenery is gorgeously filmed to great effect . Extraordinary production values all around . Babe should have won for best picture -- does anyone recall which film beat it?This is a classic for the ages -- and for all ages . Only the foul-tempered cat might disturb the very young . And even the adults -LRB- me included -RRB- will find a box of tissues very handy . The floodgates open every time I see it . But nothing here is heavy-handed tragedy a la `` Old Yeller '' or `` The Yearling '' . And certainly none of the war and gore of `` Watership Down '' -- which is not for children at all . This is `` G '' rated with all that the rating implies.So , grab your family , or watch it with your adult friends . You ca n't go wrong with this fine example of cinematic magic and sheer joyousness . Ca n't wait for the BluRay ! Now how much longer do we have to wait for a truly classic version of `` Alice in Wonderland '' ?
 When this movie came out -- years ago , I thought , `` Wow , this is pretty amazing '' and since then movie audiences have been amazed at a number of camera tricks , computer-enhanced people , animals , monsters , and who knows what ... so this kind of story with fun special effects/talking animals is no longer is unique.However , it 's still so charming , so nice a story that it should hold up as solid entertainment for a long , long time . It has proved to be anything but a flash-in-the-pan . This movie will endure . It 's also a beautiful film on DVD with brilliant colors and some very rich visuals . I ca n't wait for the high-def Blu-Ray to be made available.Filmed in rural Australia , the scenery is magnificent and so is the house that is featured in the film . It looks like some old-fashioned gingerbread house . The animals are entertaining , talking to one another like humans but not looking hokey in the process . In other words , the dubbing is well done.The main character , `` Babe , '' the little pig , is the nicest , most innocent `` character '' you could ever hope to find . Listening to him talk is heart-warming most of the time and sometimes it 's heart-breaking . The best comic relief is provided by the goose who wants to be a rooster . That may sound like it 's geared toward little kids , but it is n't . I have n't found an adult friend yet who did n't like this film.It also was good to see James Cromwell play a nice guy , too . Most other times he seems to play profane and corrupt cops or government officials . Here , he 's just a nice old farmer who blends in perfectly with the surroundings . His wife is a bit annoying , but not too bad.This is a wonderful , sweet-hearted comedy-drama with a nice ending , too , guaranteed to leave you with a smile or a tear , or both . This is one of the best `` family '' movies of all time .
 This movie is perfect . It is funny , heartwarming , dramatic , well acted , and well made . It wo n't let you down at all . If you have a heart , then `` Babe '' will capture it for a couple of hours .
 I know , I know ; very bold statement , but I challenge you to watch ` Babe ' and not draw the same conclusion . When I first saw ` Babe ' all those years ago I was like ten and I adored it . But here is the true testament to the brilliance that is ` Babe ' ; I watched it just this past week and LOVED it.Yes , ` Babe ' ages very , very well . It is pure family entertainment that shines brightly , giving the audience laughs and tears and heartwarming moments of beauty and peace . ` Babe ' is a monumental achievement in the world of family -LRB- or children 's -RRB- entertainment for it reaches a level of overall satisfaction without ever having to spice the film with adult humor or forced maturity . This is a children 's film that appeals to adults without ever catering to adults , and that is a feat in itself . Unlike ` Shrek ' and recent so-called children 's films that have followed , ` Babe ' never goes over the child 's head yet it always maintains the adult 's attention . ` Babe ' tells the story a young orphan pig who escapes slaughter by displaying his ability to herd sheep . His owner , Arthur Hoggett enters Babe into a sheep-herding contest despite everyone 's disapproval.The beauty within ` Babe ' is not found in the plot -LRB- which is pretty simple -RRB- but in the underlying emotional connection between Hoggett and Babe and , well , Babe and everyone . It really shows that family can never be defined and that you can be loved and show love to any and everyone , regardless of race or even species . At its heart Babe is a story about acceptance and love.James Cromwell is amazing as Farmer Hoggett . There is a beautiful scene where he nurses Babe back to health after a night spent in the rain and he does this little jig to try and cheer him up and his performance is so sincere and so genuine , which must be hard to muster when working with a mechanical pig . It 's a wonder to me why he did n't win that Oscar , I mean Spacey was good -LRB- albeit nominated for the wrong performance -RRB- but of the final five Cromwell was by far the most deserving . The voiceover actors are all flawless as well and truly add to the cartoon-like vibe of the film.In the end there are few films this heartfelt and moving , at least in this genre . It is not a sappy saccharine type film that plays too heavy on the heartstrings but this is a pure and emotionally balanced film that manages to appear real and raw despite its very fairytale like prose .
 I just love this movie -- if I have to watch tv with the kids , this is my choice . It gives models for great virtues : + innocence + trust + defending the weak + good manners + patiencethe little mice that sing and talk at the opening/closing of each `` Chapter '' are hilarious.The movie has no dark and scary parts -- my kids are still too little to handle much suspense . It is a gentle and sweet kids ' -LRB- and adults ' -RRB- movieand I get a big kick out of it.And Babe engages in NO SASS at all . NONE . Hooray!Language note
 Some films are so enjoyable that it is nearly impossible not to smile through them as they teach subtle lessons , and Babe is one of the best . It is the odd being that ca n't laugh at the antics of the animals of Farmer Hoggit 's farm as Ferdinand , a duck tries to usurp the role of the rooster , three literate musical mice read title cards aloud for younger audience members , and best of all , Babe , a Hoy piglet , learns the job of the brilliant herding dogs , Rex and Fly , to win the annual sheep herding competition.Clever animation , well done animatronic creature-doubles by Jim Henson 's studio , and a menagerie of superbly trained real farm animals makes the superior story of the little piggie who could more than just a cute bacon for breakfast situation . A film for the entire family , it is simple and underscores the notion that hard work and tolerance for those different from oneself are to be respected in the kingdom of all animals . Babe brings to the screen through comedy and drama , life lessons that all ages can understand without being preachy or didactic . One cheers for the farmer and his porker as they challenge the conventions and expectations with subtle humor and respect.As the piglet grows bigger through the great job of fattening up by Mrs. Hoggit , he makes friends with an elderly ewe who conveys much wisdom about the rules of farm life , where Rex is the dominant dog , and the sheep are considered ignorant . However , Farmer Hoggit and Babe share a special relationship that confounds his wife , the sheep dogs , and the sheep . He trains Babe how to herd sheep and he 's a mighty smart and fast learner , ultimately changing the rules that dominated the pecking order of the barnyard motto - `` because that 's the way it 's always been '' with his good manners and friendship.James Cromwell as Farmer Arthur Hoggit gives an understated , superb performance as the patient farmer who is willing to give a young pig a chance . This is one of the most delightful family films and perfect for seasonal get-togethers , or just because it 's a nice change to see film devoid of inane car chases , mindless explosions , and peppered with four letter words , yet , adult in its message . Every home library should have its own copy of little Babe , a Pig of Destiny .
 This truly is a gem of a film . Everyone I know loves this movie , young and old . I simply adore it . You cant help but smile with every scene . Its just a joyful type of film . Everybody will fall in love with the pig named Babe after watching it .
 Who does n't love a talking pig ? This bears repeated watching . My husband likes it even more than my son .
 I have no idea what corporate dolt made the decision not to release this film in a letterbox edition , but it utterly mars the DVD version of one of my favorite films from the last ten years . The reason I buy DVDs is because of the superior picture , but one of the reasons DVD is superior is the fact that you can see the full -- i.e. , letterboxed -- picture . This DVD chops off each side of one of the most visually beautiful films made in recent cinema . This decision was just a dreadful mistake . This is a film I would purchase on DVD if only it were available in letterboxed format.Still , I give BABE five stars because the film itself is just so delightful . I think most viewers focus on the story , and I am enough of a kid that I enjoyed it thoroughly . But other things seem to get overlooked . The human performances are just as charming as the animals , and if Magda Szubanski and James Cromwell -LRB- who received a well deserved Oscar nomination for his role as Farmer Hoggett -RRB- had n't been so superb , the movie would have been nothing but a technical display . The art direction for this movie does n't get the praise it deserves , probably because people perceive it to be a kid 's film . But very , very few films look this good ; the art directors created a unique , beautiful , and magical looking world.Interestingly , the person who did the voice for Babe is Christine Cavanaugh , who does the voice of Chuckie on Rugrats . The voice for Babe in BABE
 This is the story about Farmer Hoggett 's pig Babe . Farmer Hoggett wins Babe at the fair . Since he was not a pig farmer , he did not think too much of this creature other than the possibility of a good Christmas dinner.Since Babe was the runt of the litter , he was not ready to eat by Christmas . This was a good thing since Babe had skills like no other pig . It was discovered that Babe was able to do all the work generally assigned to a sheepdog!To the outside world , Farmer Hoggett looked like a nice man who had mental problems . Despite what people thought , he did not care . He just went on doing his own thing his own way . In the end his pig , Babe , won the sheepdog finals.While it is obviously not a true or even likely story , it is quite humorous and very entertaining . I would recommend this move if you are in need of a good laugh ! It is fun for the whole family !
 It has been called the `` Citizen Kane of talking pig pictures '' , but it is much more entertaining and original that that . It exists on many levels -LRB- like Gulliver 's Travels -RRB- , and all of them are very good , and perhaps great . The DTS version has great sound .
 Even thought i 'm not five years old , I have to admit I really liked this movie , because it was veyr much so sweet . Babe was the cutest pig with such a sweet heart ! lol And I loved those singing mice ... The movie was well directed . . and the story was well written . My friends and I do watch this film , I admit lol . And we love when the little Babe sings `` LAA LAA LAA LAA LAAA '' It 's really a sweet family movie , and even if you think your too old for it , you 'll end up liking it .
 BABE is a wonderful movie , but this DVD does not allow the viewer to skip thru the previews . Once the movie begins you can skip around , but you have to sit thru a bunch of previews EVERY TIME your kid watches this movie .
 The critical acclaim for this movie was unlike any given to a G-rated attraction in many , many years . Kenneth Turan described it as `` the closest to perfection ever achieved in the making of a movie '' . Dozens of other reviewers believed that it was the first time a film had matched the charm and inspiration of the first Walt Disney movies -LRB- Snow White , Pinocchio , etc. -RRB- This attention is wholeheartedly justified . This is a remarkable movie which should take its place with The Wizard of Oz and other family perennials . What is truly marvelous is that the filmmakers have enough confidence in their story that they believe it can stand alone without the `` wacky sidekicks '' and phony Broadway type musical numbers that plague today 's children 's films . This story concludes in a way so touching that it left tears in my eyes in a theater for the first time in my adult life.It was wonderful that it received a special effects Oscar , but it was a crime that one was not awarded to Chris Noonan . His direction resulted in the staging of scenes of such charm and visual poetry that they , in their own sentimental way , leave images as memorable as those from Ford , Hitchcock and Scorcese.This is the first movie that my wife and I saw together , and I really think it is that once in a generation movie that can create an atmosphere of love for anyone seeing it together .
 Very good sequel . Moderate amount of action & an actual plot unlike many new movies . If you own the first this is a definite addition to your video home library
 Mic Dundee is back played by Paul Hogan but this time he is living with his wife Sue . Their world gets turned upside down again when her ex-husband is murdered by a drug lord . Sue -LRB- and then Mic -RRB- become new targets and Sue is captured and , of course , rescued my Mic but not without the help of an 80s street gang howling outside the drug lord 's mansion ! Mic and Sue return to Australia to out-trick and out-smart the bad guys while he picks them off one by one -LRB- `` black magic '' turns one into an iguna , a rhino runs off with another ... -RRB- . Until finally Wallie and Sue mess up Mic 's plan in the end where he ends up being shot - but do n't worry - a happy ending leaves us waiting for a Croc III ...
 Crocodile Dundee II continues its recipe for making great movies ! All the ingredients are there ; adventure , action , romance , and great comedy.Our modern day Tarzan is now a bit more mature and the story , while still very funny , carries a stronger message . Mick Dundee , played by Paul Hogan , is still in New York City with journalist Sue Charlton , who is played by Linda Kozlowski . Sue 's ex-husband who is also a journalist , opens the movie covering a case in South America , where he gets involved on a story that exposes him to real danger . He is shooting the bad guys when he witnesses a murder.Mr . Tanner sends the film to Sue but she is not home to get it , Mick Dundee does . The bad guys visit New York City to retrieve the package , taking Sue hostage . They soon realize she knows nothing about the situation , she did not get the phone message Mr. Tanner left for her , and she does not have the package.Rico , the drug dealer played by Hechter Ubarry , is the type of villain that will do whatever it takes to achieve power and wealth , and knows the pictures would not only compromise his plans , but they would prove how corrupt his organization is.Mick Dundee is able to save his lady from the kidnappers thanks to the help of a gang . Very funny moments are seen as he `` bonds '' with this group , which soon find themselves captivated by the Australian . As the film progresses , Mick realizes that he is out of his element and that if he is to have a chance at avoiding the danger represented by the drug-dealers , he must travel back to Australia , where `` he can see them coming . `` Back at home in Australia is where the real fun begins as we now see the bad guys in trouble . One by one , in some of the best moments of this film , we see them succumb to Mick Dundee . One of the best scenes has an aborigine poking at one of the captured villains and Sue asks what he just said to one of Mick 's friends , only to hear that ... `` he is asking whether we can eat them . '' Of course , the villains faint at the realization that they are no longer in control.A superb sequel to one of the best characters created ... the one and only ... Crocodile Dundee !
 IF you enjoyed the comedy and romance of Crocodile Dundee , then you 'll enjoy Part 2 of their story . Good suspense and comedy galore !! DVD arrived promtly with no delivery delays . Seller is trustworthy . Also ordered more DVD 's from same company ... same results . RPITA , Brick , N.J.
 Hollywood should learn from this film . Although the first sequel , the main characters remain true and react to new situations and locales with equal bonhomie and charm . These are traits that can not be taught in `` American Idol '' world . Paul Hogan , as Dundee , exudes so much can-do onscreen , that John Wayne would salute . His real-life wife , Linda , has enormous next-door appeal so much so that the chopping factory , Hollywood , would face serious layoffs if the pairing continued into the 90 's . One of filmdoms best parings , barbee or not.Crikey !
 A classic Australian movie , could not ask for better.Paul Hogan , did an outstanding job of bringing the outback of Australia to the big screne a second time . If you like the first , you will love the second .
 Great shape when it arrived and arrived the next day even though it wasnt supposed to arrive for two days ... I was very satisfied with amazon and my purchase !!
 A funny nonstop romp of a movie . One of the few sequels that is better than the original . Hogan and Kovoslosky have enormous chemistry and the rest of the case perform credibly . There are a few problems with story that bothered me such as why the aboriginals do n't have more force and focus in the story , but it still does n't take away from the joy in the movie . Worth seeing again and again .
 I am a total Paul Hogan Fan ! I like him in everything he has done . Crocodile Dundee II takes his character a bit farther than the first movie . The first movie is a marvelous Love Story , this one shows some of his history . Love this movie.RL
 I have watched all the three Crocodile Dundee movies in the theatre as well as their re-runs on cable TV at home : - Crocodile Dundee I ; - Crocodile Dundee II ; - Crocodile Dundee in Los Angeles : I am very impressed by the hilarious antics of Mike Dundee -LRB- Paul Hogan -RRB- . I also like his down-to-earth character.What I have enjoyed most in watching the three movies is that , I have learned that one can use sheer human ingenuity & creativity to overcome obstacles , no matter how intimidating they are ... some life-threatening ones , too!Just watch how Mike Dundee -LRB- sometimes with his side-kick -RRB- out-thinking all the predators & / or bad guys in all three movies ... in the treacherous hot outbacks of Australia & the mean streets of New York ... -LSB- When a mugger poked a small knife in front of his face , Mike took out his jungle knife & said
 i remember seeing this movie when it first come out and loving it as a kid . . i still do , it 's not the best plot in the world or anything but hey it 's FUN ... and it 's a movie for every one and in a day and age of movies like road trip or freddy got fingered where they use every gross joke around in place of any plot it 's nice to watch a nice film like this one.my whole family loves it and all the croc movies ... so grab this if your a croc fan , or if your new to croc then get the first movie then get this it works out much better that way .
 In Crocodile Dundee you learn about mick and his ties with the lands of Australa . Yet in Crocodile Dundee II he dose it again with matching wits with drug dealers . A good movie with intertist of doding the right thing in a differnt way .
 In my hometown of New Brighton Pennsylvania Dundee 2 was voted movie of the decade . The story line was a bit complikated for most of us to handle but we felt it was the movie that best represended our small town . Hogan was brilliant . A must see .
 I enjoyed this sequel just as much as the original . If you 're a fan of Crocodile Dundee then you ca n't go wrong in buying this DVD .
 If you saw the original , this one will seem like a visit with an old friend , that being the likable Mick &#65533; Crocodile &#65533; Dundee . This time around there &#65533; s not as much &#65533; whimsy &#65533; to it , though , and as things get a bit more heavy-handed , Mick finds himself in some rather murky waters as the story unfolds . Still , the appeal of the character and the easy , intrinsic humor at the heart of the film is enough to make &#65533; Crocodile Dundee II , &#65533; directed by John Cornell , a satisfying cinematic experience.As the film opens , Mick -LRB- Paul Hogan -RRB- is happily ensconced in New York City with his lady-friend , journalist Sue Charlton -LRB- Linda Kozlowski -RRB- , and life is good . Mick , however , tired of just laying about has decided it &#65533; s time to seek gainful employment , and sets out to do just that . His job search gets put on hold , though , when Sue &#65533; s ex-husband , Bob Tanner -LRB- Dennis Boutsikaris -RRB- , a journalist currently covering a story in South America , sends some photographs he &#65533; s taken -- the subject of which is of a particularly serious and sensitive nature -- to Sue , and something else arrives along with the them
 I thought you would like to know that Crocodile Dundee In Los Angeles -LRB- part 3 -RRB- is coming out next year . I was one of the first people to see it -LRB- at a preview -RRB- and it was extremely funny . Much much better than part 1 and 2 !
 Crocodile Dundee II is a classic . No matter how much one does n't like the turn that this second film took , it will always be a memorable sequel . When you create a sequel , you 're also supposed to `` up '' the level of conflict . And that called for a serious tone . But at the same time , they kept it as light as they could . It is n't bad at all . The drug dealers who followed Dundee and his Lady back to Australia were in for a shock.What other sense of a sequel were we supposed to be provided with ? I mean , they had to think of something . And this was it ! It has a more intense conflict , still with a light tone applied to it -- and much humor . We are allowed a look into the life of Crocodile Dundee , and what he looks like when being confronted with a conflict on his own turf down under . It was nice to see him play games and run numbers on the bad guys . Quite memorable this film was , indeed!Be sure to check out the third installment , `` Crocodile Dundee In Los Angeles '' It 's not as serious of a tone , but still a great watch !
 I saw Crocodile Dundee II for the first time three weeks ago and heartily recommend it . I saw its prequel when it originally was in theaters in the eighties , and would suggest this sequel especially to adults who have seen the first one . The general mood remains that of a comedy , and the characters are drawn almost to stereotype , but there is too much of a sense of friendship among the characters for this ever to become offensive . Hogan conveys both good hearted kindness and a dark sense of danger in equal measure . I especially enjoyed Kozlowski 's character , who is a movie heroine of an independent type of which we still do not see enough . Near the end of the movie her decisiveness will bring on the conclusion of the plot . I also hope that I get a chance to see more of Dingo , whose charismatic supporting character is onscreen for too little time.The movie starts in New York and then moves to the Northern Territory as our heroes outrun a vicious drug lord who is bent on revenge . All the scenes shot in the bush are gorgeous . The most powerful scene , and the one that stands out for leaving comedy behind in favor of something approaching the spiritual , comes when Dundee must call for help from atop a ridge surrounded by miles and miles of wilderness . Later on , during the nineties , Hollywood put out a zillion movies on the theme of western people gone native , and they would have been better if they had taken an egalitarian tone as this movie does , comedy though it is.But mainly , this is a movie meant to be fun . If Crocodile Dundee II has anything serious to say , it is that mutual respect is the way to go , and for that I give it five stars .
 ` Crocodile Dundee II ' is one of the very rare movie sequels that is as good , if not better than the original . However in installment two we are given more than just a light , romantic comedy . Mic 's new wife Sue has just learned that her ex-husband has been murdered by a South American drug cartel . When a package arrives in the mail from the deceased containing evidence against the killers Sue becomes their next target . Obviously unsafe in the city , Mic and Sue return to the Australian Outback where Mic is most at home and better prepared to protect his wife.Paul Hogan does a masterful job of retaining all the light-hearted , boyish charm displayed in the original film while at the same time showing us a darker , determined Dundee willing to stand against the evil drug lords threatening his newfound happiness . We can now add the genre of action/adventure to the Crocodile Dundee legacy , the ` Hero from Down-Under ! '
 For all those people who have spent a good few months in the outback , you will love this film , if you have n't then you will after watching it . It makes a refreshing change to have such a good film made in AUSTRALIA . The action , comedy and realism is fantastic , Paul Hogan was the only one who could carry off the title as crocodile dundee . Grab a tinnie and a barbecued Crocodile , drag the telly outside in the sun and enjoy the film .
 I know I am in the minority here but I actually liked this sequel better than the original ... and the original was very good and extremely popular.Maybe I was biased because I played this with some kids present and was pleasantly surprised to hear almost no profanity , which I could n't say was the case in the first film . It was a `` cleaner '' movie , and still an equally entertaining one with a good mix of drama , action , comedy and even some good music thrown in . The film has no lulls and 110 minutes go by pretty quickly.The first half of this movie takes place in New York City , where we last saw `` Mick Dundee '' -LRB- Paul Hogan -RRB- . The second half , the crocodile man takes his bride -LRB- Linda Kozlowski -RRB- back to the outback in Australia . Hogan was never more entertaining and , of course , feeling comfortable back in his home territory.This is just a fun ride all the way and , yes , to use a clich&eacute; , good family entertainment .
 I fell in love with the 1st Dundee movie & when the 2nd was released , `` wondering how it could possibly be as good ? '' . A FEW movie sequel 's can ever measure up to the 1st ... BUT in `` Crocodile Dundee 2 '' it is actually just as good & even BETTER than the first ! It is more on the adventurous side whereas the 1st was more of a romantic comedy . I was thrilled that it was released on DVD & is one of my favorites to watch .
 First of all , to fully enjoy the sequel , you should see the original first . That said , if you liked the first movie , you will most likely enjoy the sequel . Then again , you probably wo n't like the sequel if you disliked the original . However , if you prefer action and adventure over comedy , then I think that you will prefer the sequel so in which case you should give it a watch.Personally , this movie is one of my favorite movies of all time . I think it was quite a bit more entertaining than the original , although I thoroughly enjoyed that too . The music really sets the mood in both films and Mick Dundee -LRB- Paul Hogan -RRB- can always make me chuckle . By all means this movie is not for everyone . I would recommend it to those who like comedies , action , adventure , or to watch as a family -LRB- although the second movie has more violence than the first -RRB- . An unorthodox action/comedy which in my opinion is far superior to the majority of terrible comedies nowadays .
 This sequel is something of a departure from the original , less comic but equally character-driven , and gives us the opportunity to see Mick Dundee exercising his bush skills on his `` native heath . '' The story reverses the geographical course of the original , taking Mick and girlfriend Sue Charlton from New York City back to the Northern Territories in an effort to escape the Colombian drug kingpin -LRB- Ubarry -RRB- who has targeted them for death . Bad guy Rico has the men and the guns , but Mick Dundee knows the territory , and he exploits that knowledge to the fullest . Like Matthew Quigley , he picks off -LRB- or scares off -RRB- Rico 's men one or two at a time , but manages not to kill any of them , while still contriving to keep himself , Sue , and old partner Walt Reilly -LRB- Meillon -RRB- alive and unpunctured -- and maintaining his lighthearted outlook on the world in general . A good comedy-adventure for families to share .
 Undoubtedly Paul Hogan 's best work yet . Rarely do I rate a sequel higher than its predecessor , but that 's the case here . I 'm looking forward to Dundee III -LRB- 3D -RRB- . Mick Dundee -LRB- Hogan -RRB- finally begins to adjust to life in New York City , when he and his beautiful girlfriend -LRB- Linda Kozlowski -RRB- are targeted for death by a gang of ruthless drug dealers . Dundee evens the odds by leading the big-city hoods into the treacherous Austrailian outback . John Meillon shines as Dundee 's mentor , and Gerry Skilton and Steve Rackman play the role of Hogan 's best friends . This one 's a treat for the entire family .
 Miss these kind of movies , remember getting so excited as a kid to find out the Crocodile Dundee movies were coming on that weekend , could n't wait to watch them .
 Compared to the movies of late , i have to give this at least 4.5 stars . Just as good as the first . I did n't care as much for the third movie . It seemed slow and lacking something . But the first two are classics and will be watched for many years ahead by future generations . Why `` Rotten Tomatoes '' gave it one star is beyond me ? Maybe its the rotten tomatoes working there ?
 We love the Crocodile Dundee series , all three of them , including the not-so-well-rated `` Crocodile Dundee in Los Angeles . '' They are all original , very entertaining , well acted and very believable while still a comedy . Thoroughly entertaining !
 This is my favorite of the 3 Crocodile Dundee movies ! Lots of action and adventure with a twist at the end -- fun !
 Great movie and one of the few sequels that were as good as the first .
 Living with Sue after she stopped him from leaving New York to go off and explore America , after she confessed that she loves him , Australian Crocodile Hunter Michael J. ` Crocodile ' Dundee still trying to adapt to life in New York City and getting use to a different culture is about to use his hunting and survival skills yet again , when Sue is kidnapped by crime boss Rico and his associates , when Sue 's Ex husband photographer Bob Tanner witnesses a brutal crime and takes snapshots of the crime and sends them to Sue . Mick rescues Sue from Rico and his associates . Mick decides to take Sue back home with him to Australia , as his best bet of protecting Sue . But when Rico and his associates arrive after tracking Sue and Mick down , Mick takes them on by doing what he does best . This movie is just a fun ride all the way and good family entertainment .
 After the amazing success of the first movie , there just had to be a follow up.This had alot of funny moments , but i would n't say it 's as good as the first.I saw the first 2 of these at the cinema when they came out.The first on i saw twice.I hav n't done that with too many movies.Paul Hogan certainly had an amazing sense of humor.If you like these , you should grab a copy of the best of The Paul Hogan Show .
 This product arrived in excellent condition and very speedy service . I 'm very satisfied with this product .
 I like the second one better than the first . More humor and action , but there both worth the price . Just wish they were blue ray .
 I watch this because it just cracks me up . The premise is a little far fetched ; but it is well done . You do n't have to think ; just enjoy .
 I figure if you liked Crocodile Dundee One you 're going to enjoy this one just as much . It 's a lot of fun .
 This is a great movie and certainly an asset to my vast collection . Arrived faster than a speeding bullit too !
 I 'm not a big fan of this movie but my sister loves it and thats what counts . Came in the same caseing as all movies . Great buy
 Ca n't beat the &#34; Dundee &#34; movies . This one is especially my favorite . I like how he takes her &#34; home &#34; so he can protect her from the drug people . And she fits him to a T.
 Service was excellent ! The quaility of the DVD was as advertized and received exactly on time . Who could ask for anything more ?
 Have been looking for Old school comedy DVD , s. For the kids to enjoy.The crocodile dundee series fits the bill , perfectly .
 I love Paul Hogan wish he would produce more of his type of humor . We watch his movies over & over . Can even tell you what they are going to say next .
 A fun follow up to first outing . Nothing very challenging . Just plain fun , and the bad guys get it in the end , as they should .
 As a teacher and educator for over 20 years , with my own educational products , I enthusiastically recommend Til 's DVDs to students looking for that extra knowledge to deal with virtually every complaint or request for improved body function or posture . His entire set or individual DVDs are very well produced and clear ; his explanations are precise and easy to grasp ; and seeing Til perform the work in real time gives a huge advantage over just reading about techniques in a book . Til is a great teacher with a wealth of knowledge presented here . The knowledge you gain from this set will pay for the cost of the DVDs in the first few days as clients will immediately notice the difference in your work and become regulars who will refer their friends.Do check out Til 's website -LRB- -LSB- ... -RSB- -RRB- for more detailed information about the DVDs and for Til 's schedule of excellent workshops.Art Riggs
 This is an incredibly well produced comprehensive series of training videos . I have attended a number of Til 's seminars in person and was so impressed I had to have the whole set . For the trainings I attended they are a great reinforcer and for those I have n't it feels like I 'm there!This set will be paying dividends in my practice for a long time to come .
 Lots of great Information and descriptions for a at home study session for massage therapists who are looking to expand there protocols myofascial work ! All I need for five stars is the instructor in my home !
 Some of the pervious reviews were right in saying this DVD could have been produced a bit better ... Cutting from the songs probably is n't the best way to cut a live DVD.All that nonsense aside , the DVD still rocks . I 'm sure Helloween will cut a new one with better production in the age of Digital Video , but this is a good one for the collector . The standards are all here , and you wo n't find a more politically incorrect band . They all come out to the opening number smoking cigarettes ... This is Rock And Roll without strings and the way it was meant , loud , melodic , and rebellious !
 This is an awesome DVD ... the show is nothing PARTICULARLY special , which is what makes it even better . Knowing that this is how they perform at a relatively standard show is sweet . The production could be better , but remember , this is over a decade old . Sound is great , songs are great , performances are spot on.Anecdote
 This could have been an absolute gem based on the performance alone . I still love watching it but man it 's annoying with the audio/visual fade-outs between every track . I also would n't exactly say the sound or picture quality is top-notch . For a band that is meticulous on their albums , did n't they have any input into this production ?? Or did n't they think it was important enough to fuss over ?? After an almost Kiss-like introduction , the opening explosion of We Burn immediately throws you into one helluva rock storm played by a bunch of guys who can seriously play . I wo n't say too much about the set list other than I 'm mostly happy with it and that 's all down to personal taste anyway . They ca n't be expected to play everything and what they play , they play extremely well.Andi Deris had only been with the band for two albums at this point and therefore alot of the material is obviously drawn from those two releases - the bonus of that was that they were both very good albums and his performances on those tracks is excellent . The guy has loads of passion in his delivery but still underated by many . Unfortunately , his vocals are at times almost buried in the mix . Deris is also a natural frontman - likeable and cool with just enough showmanship to not be too , too much of a cliche frontman ... of course , there happens to be a textbook formula that most bands use and Helloween are n't exactly guilt-free of this . Those cheesy guitar poses should be for Kiss only - Judas Priest are also guilty of the same cheesiness.Michael Weikath is a very intelligent craftsman with a handy knack of coming up with catchy melodies . Whether in the studio or onstage , he 's the musical director and overlooks everything - a perfectionist . He may not rock-out like the others but is very effective.Roland Grapow and Uli Kusch show their class throughout , and Marcus Grosskopf ... what could i say about him ... the charismatic clown of the band - i 'd love to have a beer or many beers with that guy.Finally , even with the very average video production , I 'd much rather have this than nothing at all . Helloween are awesome!Rock on and enjoy !
 This is one of the best concerts from helloween 's mid early years when andi deris was new and when roland grapow and uli kusch were with helloween and they were outstanding . High live is one their best shows they have put on live in milan italy and I guess it kinda reminds me of andi deris 's years with pink cream 69 when they played live infront of a huge crowd in japan back in 1992 before he joined helloween . They play all their best hits from master of the rings / time of the oath / better than raw and the older keepers era.This concert was never a dissapointment to me but my biggest complaint was the sound and the video was somewhat horrible , I mean the sound has some distortion and the video sometimes shows dark that you ca n't see the band playing . But overall it 's a worthy collection for every metal head out their and for a true helloween fan also . \ m / Stay metal \ m /
 In my opinion this DVD is EXCELLENT ! the cameras , the sound ... everything the tracklist is AMAZING this dvd is 100 % wonderful
 I expected much more from this dvd , the first Helloween dvd , the picture is great the sound is great , the show is AMAZING , but how about some extra stuff for us the fans?over all nice to have .
 this is Helloween in High Live and living color , awesome live concert by the german metal masters !
 Raw & ballsy ... Jimmy at his best . Like no one else . He 'll rip your heart out and rock you out of any stupor you may be in . Get it and be amazed .
 This collection has all of the Human League 's best videos - including their classics DO N'T YOU WANT ME , -LRB- KEEP FEELING -RRB- FASCINATION , MIRROR MAN , and many more . This video collection seems to be getting harder and harder to find . Every once in a while , a few pop up on those VH-1 retro shows , but this collection is great - as it has all of the Human League 's best videos :1 -RRB- CIRCUS OF DEATH2 -RRB- THE SOUND OF THE CROWD3 -RRB- LOVE ACTDION -LRB- I BELIEVE IN LOVE -RRB- 4 -RRB- OPEN YOUR HEART5 -RRB- DO N'T YOU WANT ME6 -RRB- MIRROR MAN7 -RRB- -LRB- KEEP FEELING -RRB- FASCINATION8 -RRB- THE LEBANON9 -RRB- LIFE ON YOUR OWN10 -RRB- TOGETHER IN ELECTRIC DREAMS11 -RRB- LOUISE12 -RRB- HUMAN
 As I said in the title , this is a product review - not a movie review.There is only one disc , not two like Amazon lists in its description . The disc starts with a menu allowing you to choose which movie you want to watch . When that movie is done , you can choose `` SWITCH MOVIE '' and watch the other one.There are absolutely NO SPECIAL FEATURES ! No comment track , no feature shorts , nothing -LRB- not even previews -RRB- . A good value for the price if you wo n't miss them .
 Butterfly Effect / Butterfly Effect 2These two films are as different as night and day . They are not two equal sides of the same coin.Butterfly Effect is a compelling , intriguing tale . Ashton Kutcher and Amy Smart give life to this story , full of hope and sadness . How far will love take you to save the one that you love ? Can one 's mental state alter reality ? Can the past be changed?This type of film comes along maybe once in a decade . It deserved better recognition than it received.On the other hand , Butterfly Effect 2 is a film which could have been as good or better than the first film , but it has so many shortcomings and missed opportunities in the plot.It loses momentum as it degenerates into its various subplots and inane dialogue.Erica Durance and Gina Holden are the only bright spots in this film . Unfortunately , I felt Gina Holden 's talents were not utilized . She is a fine actress and deserved a better story line.Eric Lively seemed bored . He is a much better actor than the script and director showcased in this film.Butterfly Effect deserves 4 stars . Butterfly Effect 2 receives 1 star . Should you buy this double DVD ? Yes , but watch the Butterfly Effect 2 first . Like they say , save the best for the last .
 Wonderful double feature . Was suprised both movies were on one disc . Still Awesome . Recommend this to anyone interested to parallel universe theories .
 After reviewing `` The Butterfly Effect Collection '' , I must admit that I enjoyed the second story more than the initial film . I thought that there were too many possible scenarios in the first film . In my opinion , it was sort of confusing to me . I had to watch the Butterfly Effect about three times before I `` got it '' . And , I thought that the presence of Actor Ashton Kutcher would make the film more specious ; but , it did n't . I was n't bored watching this movie . But , I could n't wait for it to end . Whereas , The Butterfly Effect 2 was interesting and amusing . Again , the film presented different scenarios of an event ; but , the director did n't overdo it . It was enjoyable . Therefore , I 'm glad I purchased `` The Butterfly Effect Collection '' .
 How many times in our lives have we wanted a `` do over '' in our lives thinking if we could just `` change '' one of our actions things would have been so much better in our present day lives . These movies make you realize , life can never be perfect no matter how many times you could try !
 My son wanted the Butterfly Effect for Christmas and this was a great deal because we got both of them .
 i love this movie , the second one is n't that great but the price was so great for the double feature that i opted from purchasing just the 1st movie , great price
 This is a marvelous film . It deals with the interconnectedness of all things . I can not recommend it highly enough . I also got a Directors Cut on Blu-Ray due to my eerror , as I do not have a Blu-Ray Player , but I am keeping it for when I can afford one.The less said about # 2 the better , except that the writer and the director should be tarred and feathered and whipped down main street to the town outskirts . No excuse for this kind of garbage .
 Some of us actually think about this kind of thing
 This movie is so cool . . with the awesome twists and turns , it will always keep you on your toes , being never of a disapointment . Just when you think its over , it never is : -RRB-
 The two movies are completely different stories . Getting two movies for the price of one is great !
 like the movies alot , and that i was able to get em both for a good price
 The item was brand new still in original packaging just like it was supposed to be and an all around fantastic set of movies
 Kent Hovind 's Creation Sciences videosand DVDs are very good overall . Thisis his best of the seven he 's put outover the years . Now if he could bepursueded to drop the Tax Proteststuff on the side , which is a trapset by Big Brother ! -LRB- Read Dan Pilla , Jr. for more ! -RRB-
 This video has some great rare footage all pieced together from a few of thier concerts like the LIVE AT THE LONGHORN and their last concert at WINTERLAND and also includes the Sid and Nancy interview . The worst part about the video is all the opinions of the fans ... BLAH BLAH BLAH more PISTOLS.The tape runs about 45 minutes . I would recommend this to any Sex PIstols fan , just for the rare footage .
 As with SMALL VICES , this is edgier than the old TV series and Lifetime movies , stays fairly true to the book , has iffy casting choices -LRB- they 're on their fourth Belson -RRB- , and was filmed in Canada rather than anywhere near Massachusetts . They did n't even bother to get any Boston PD paraphenelia when Quirk and Belson make their appearances . I first saw this shortly after seeing WITCHBLADE , so I felt that Yancy Butler did n't really fit as Lisa , since the role is a lot weaker and passive than anything else I 've seen Yancy do in the past . But it was interesting to see Spenser work with Vincent del Rio 's enforcer Chollo , since Hawk is off in Burma for the duration of this one , and get a look at the Latino shadow world in the fictional town of Proctor .
 Note
 In case your wondering , the answer is no . All the virgin 's in Virgin Fleet remain vigins . It 's just a very aluring title . Anyway , this three episode OAV series is about three girls in the NAVY who fight off in cool battle scenes . This anime title falls into the giggling-girls-fighting genre . Thats not to say that the action in Virgin Fleet is n't ruined at all . Virgin Fleet is a great video , but there is so much more potential in it . The art design is ok and the music is bothersome . If your one of those who loved Magic Knight Rayearth and Sailor Moon , buy this tape . If you crave action from your anime , I 'd recommend renting this one first and then decide on buying . Virgin Fleet is n't perfect , but its still a great title .
 This is a very good serie , where the women are the main role for the history . They give very good values for the family , they sayd how important is to be Virgin for a girl and in this serie this is the main point , the Virgin have a special power that they have and call Virgin Power , with this they create an Academy and have an Army . But not always the history is pink , bacause they have rivals and have a war . Besides during the history you will see romance , action , envidy and many other thinks that make this DVD a must have for anyone , specially if you are a lover of `` Rose Anime '' , I mean love Sailor Moon , Fushigi Yugi , and other like those . Surely all the moms will love the history and the message that they give .
 I thought this anime was great . Good plot , and good animation ! I reccomend this anime to any anime fans , especially Sailormoon fans !
 Get To Know The Hottest Act In The World Like Never Before.Find Out What The Real Reasons Were Behind The Reunion And The Return Of The Make-Up . Well Worth The Price !
 This DVD was just what I was looking for . I 've never really been much for yoga , but a friend recommended this to me and I tried it out . I was really glad that I did . The instructor Anastasia will lead you through three different workouts . One will center on your legs , the other on abs , and the last on your buns . They are quick , but effective workouts that will leave you feeling good about yourself and relaxed . Anyone man or woman can get something out of these workouts . I 've shared it with many of my friends and they 've all loved it .
 Now this is what I enjoy . Looking at history of the WWII aircraft in the Pacific . Some of the things I did n't know has come out here . Great job on that .
 This is a very good movie . It is a movie in which the main character develops a sense of what he has missed in his previous life as the head of the family . Now , his wife is gone and he starts to discover that what he thought was true was mainly packaged for his consumption . This causes hum to rethink all that he has held to be true , but in the process he grows and becomes better able to deal with the fact that thing are not as he thought . His children are able to come closer to him , and , as a result , prevent him from living the rest of his life shrouded in disappointment .
 After seeing this film on large screen , I knew I wanted it for my own . De Niro 's character is so convincing we forget the young , thin man of The Godfather or Taxi Driver . He 's great . When I saw the film , I was one of 7 or 8 elderly women who comprised the audience at an early afternoon showing . I think young people may not have appreciated the story , but we old ladies thought it was definitely worth seeing .
 Widower Frank Goode has had to make plenty of adjustments since losing his wife about a year ago , but maybe the hardest one has been maintaining his relationships with his four adult children . It would seem that Frank 's wife was the glue who held the family together , and when all of the kids bug out on a planned visit home , he decides to set out on a trip around the country , dropping in on each of their lives in order to help put things right . But their relationships are n't as simple as they once seemed , and Frank 's paternal intuition is telling him that his sons and daughters are hiding something from him , and if the Goodes want to become the family they once were , the truth will have to come out before Frank returns home . The supporting players , in this case the adult children , are all beautifully cast . There 's no stupidity or attitude in its form , just pure feeling . If you come from a family of secrets , which may be the majority of us , this is a good movie as long as you are not expecting a straight out comedy .
 Frank Goode -LRB- Robert De Niro -RRB- has lost his wife ; and , consequently , easy contact with his children and grandchildren . He invites all four of his children to a weekend at his house . None of them show up . Each has an excuse , but the main reason is that they do n't feel all that close to their father anymore.In spite of the fact that Goode has pulmonary fibrosis , he decides that if his children wo n't come to him , he 'll go to them . He decides to surprise them , which lasts about one visit , since the children do talk to each other quite a bit . So he does a ` planes , trains and automobile ' trip to visit each of his children . The trip starts on a sour note when he discovers that his son David , is n't at his home in New York.The rest of the film is spent slowly teasing the family dynamics apart . Many of his children , as well as his late wife , apparently , feel/felt that he was too hard on them , that his expectations were too high . Yet that must be tempered by the fact that he had no problem what the children did , just that they were successful . In fact , he wanted them to be very successful.I immediately thought of the film ` About Schmidt ' , which came out seven years earlier . Like this film , Schmidt concerned a retired man who has just lost his wife . As played by Jack Nicholson , Schmidt had to learn to reconnect with his only child . That film was a better film , but ` Everybody 's Fine ' is just about as good.Solidly recommended . No violence , no gore , just a great film about family . Somehow I find those more satisfactory these days than the shoot-em-up films we see too often these days .
 A touching story of a father rying to stay in touch with his children after the wife dies . Once a parent , always a parent .
 EVERYBODY 'S FINE -LRB- 2009 -RRB- struck me as an awfully common and coarse title . That 's just me . We found it enjoyable , though my wife said it was a shame how old Robert DeNiro looked . I had to remind her that it is called `` acting '' and that DeNiro looks damned good in real life . -LRB- She thought he looked 75 . -RRB- The title of this review , by the way , is my wife 's spot-on impression of DeNiro , who she thinks plays too many `` New York wise-ass '' roles.DeNiro is Frank Goode , widowed eight months and struggling to cope with his lonesome life . He frets over his children , Rosie -LRB- Drew Barrymore -RRB- , Amy -LRB- Kate Beckinsale -RRB- , Robert -LRB- Sam Rockwell -RRB- and the unseen David -LRB- Austin Lysy -RRB- . Frank is proud of his kids
 This is a good movie . Each character is true and the ending is really great .
 This movie was nothing special ... it was a story that millions could tell . But was a good , honest story . And because millions can identify in some way it is worth seeing . The topic has been covered many times but never gets tiring . And this is a fresh take as it is from the perspective of , not mom , not a woman , but a man -- dad . This perspective seems to be lost since `` liberation '' , since the 70s , 80s , and beyond . While it would be easy for someone of my age to not know better I have seen movies before this 70s , before my time , and realize that since then things are usually told from a woman 's perspective . I think the movie would have been a classic if not for two sections
 My husband and I recently watched this movie and based on the trailers we had seen , were both under the impression it was a comedy . It was not , but it was a very heartfelt drama which causes one to reflect with their relationship with their children . I would recommend watching this .
 Movie was a good family movie . It came in excellent conditions . It was shipped immediately as promised . I buy most of my movies from Amazon.com new and used for over 7 yrs have not been disappointed yet . Great prices !
 Frank Goode -LRB- Robert DeNiro -RRB- , an aging widower , feels lost with his wife gone . As his days fill up with trivia , he begins to think of his four grown children and how he has failed each of them . He plans for them all to come visit , and watching him get everything ready for their visit , I felt a sadness . Somehow , I knew he would be disappointed.And sure enough , each of the children calls in turn , giving excuses as to why they can not come.So instead , Frank determines to surprise them by visiting them , one by one . He starts out on his journey full of hope.His oldest son , David , is not home . And things seem oddly out of sorts in Chicago , at his daughter Amy 's house , too -LRB- Kate Beckinsale -RRB- . In Denver , Robert -LRB- Sam Rockwell -RRB- has excuses for why they can not spend more time together , and in Las Vegas , Rosie -LRB- Drew Barrymore -RRB- seemingly has a perfect life -- on the surface.All kinds of unexpected events occur on this trip , like a homeless person Frank tries to help suddenly turning on him , and in the process , Frank 's medication is trampled . Without his meds , he may not make it . So he decides to return home.When a health crisis hospitalizes Frank , three of his children turn up at his bedside , and the truth begins to unfold.I expected this to be one of those predictably comedic films , with cute family moments , but I was quite pleased to find myself glued to the screen throughout , waiting and hoping for everyone to connect.In the final scenes , we see the adult children assembled in Frank 's home , cooking Christmas dinner . A nice resolution to some of the family issues.I awarded five stars toEverybody 's Fine , as I was quite touched with how the film dealt with the disconnect between family members , and skillfully revealed how difficult it can be to reach out to one another .
 Once again - anything with DeNiro in , has to be good - this film tugs at every heartstring , the acting is superb by everyone , the script is faultless and the storyline must be familiar to so many families everywhere . For some people to criticise this movie as not funny etc etc - it was ` nt meant to be ! Anyone who did ` nt feel familar with the storyline and their own life & family & bring not one one but multiple tears to the eye - must have had a very sad & loveless upbringing .
 EVERYBODY 'S FINE is , of course a misnomer
 Fans of `` making toast '' movies -- those that follow quiet characters during slow-moving day-to-day slices of life -- or characters study films should find quite a bit to like in Everybody 's Fine.On the flip side , this melancholy movie will likely not appeal to those who like power-packed action films.The basic story is of hard-working Frank -LRB- DeNiro -RRB- who has sacrificed his life , and even his lungs , to ensure that his children can have the best of what life has to offer . After his wife dies he cross-country drops in on his kids after they blow off a family get together . Each of their lives are in various degrees of turmoil but they all put on a glossy face to please their dad . A crisis brings out honesty and a chance for relationships to be reshaped.I especially like the telephone theme that played throughout the movie . And Frank 's flashback/fantasy/dream sequences where he has grown-up conversation with his small children.I wo n't likely be adding it to my permanent library but it 's worth a Netflix or Red Box Rental if you like slow films . Language-wise it 's pretty low-key , I think just one scene including an F-Bomb . And though it 's melancholy there are touching , hopeful moments .
 This is a movie I 'd never known of til it aired on shipboard TV during a Nov. 2010 cruise . Bought it to share with the kids , as the plot is a widower tries to get his children together for Christmas , but when their busy schedules and lack of interest doom his plan , he sets off -LRB- by bus -RRB- to visit each - in Vegas , NYC , Chicago , etc. . Heplays a genuinely proud , concerned parent unable to comunicate well with his kids , as `` keeping up '' with them was always their mom 's job.Everyone I 've had watch it has given it a thumbs up , and DeNiro comes across as a genuine proud , concerned parent ; nice job .
 During this festive season when so much of our energies focus on the family `` Everybody 's Fine '' is mandatory viewing . The film 's time trajectory is over a period of weeks and months and only culminates with a Christmas feast . There is so much said about dysfunctional or disconnected families but there are no alike families in the world . Each family has it 's own unique dynamic and the Goodes as portrayed here are no exception . Frank Goode -LRB- Robert De Niro -RRB- recently retired and widowed is looking to gather his four adult children at his home . Each concoct an excuse not to come . Since the kids wo n't come to Frank he 'll go to them even though they live on all corners of the U.S.A. . There is an apparent disconnect between Frank and the kids even though by all accounts he was a hard-working and loving provider for his wife and kids . It just seems that Frank 's traditional role was as bread-winner and his wife provided the psychic nurturing . With her passing there is a definite void in the family and Frank 's journey becomes both physical and one of self-discovery . The cast here is uniformly great but it 's De Niro 's show . In a subtle yet no less masterful turn De Niro demonstrates the evolution Frank makes . Director-writer Kirk Jones script is no less knowing and insightful . This film did n't make much of a dent on initial release but definitely should be sought out .
 I thought this movie was excellent in every way . The casting was perfect , the story line very real , and it portrayed scenarios most families can relate to in one way or another . I read the more negative reviews and completely disagree . I did n't see anything on the cover that said it was a comedy . I read the description on the back , so I knew it was going to be a serious film . Basically , if you are a person who enjoys well rounded `` real life '' movies that touch your soul , this will be a movie you will enjoy .
 With baby boomers moving ever closer to the age of retirement , an increasing number of mainstream American moviemakers have taken it upon themselves to deal with the issue -LRB- `` The Savages '' being probably the most notable example -RRB- . The most recent effort is Kirk Jones ` `` Everybody 's Fine , '' a touching family drama featuring Robert De Niro as a recently widowed retiree whose four adult children have spent their entire lives keeping secrets from him in an effort not to upset or disappoint him . When the kids ca n't seem to make the time to come and see him , Frank Goode heads out on the road to pay each of them a surprise visit . However , Frank does n't always receive the welcome or the news he was hoping for when he arrives at each of his destinations . One of his kids , Robert -LRB- Sam Rockwell -RRB- , is a supposedly successful orchestra conductor who is actually just a drummer in the ensemble ; another , Amy -LRB- Kate Beckinsale -RRB- , is a high-paid executive whose successful marriage and happy family life are not all that they appear to be on the surface ; Rosie -LRB- Drew Barrymore -RRB- is a dancer in Las Vegas who has a child with her lesbian lover ; and , most disturbingly , David is an artist who 's currently in jail in Mexico on drug-smuggling charges . Frank is blissfully unaware of most of these details of his children ` s lives , having been sheltered from the facts by both them and his late wife who felt it better not to let him in on the truth.Though it suffers a bit from its episodic structure and its tendency towards the lugubrious , `` Everybody 's Fine , '' which is a remake of an Italian film from 1990 , is a generally moving and understated look at parent/child relationships in the 21st Century . With insightfulness and sensitivity , it explores the various and sundry aspects of the issue
 What a story ! What a wonderful tour de force , subtle performance by Robert De Niro , who plays a 60ish widower trying to reconnect with his four grown kids , who are scattered all over the country and oh-so-involved and busy with their own lives . It was not at all what I expected from the commercials , which in my opinion mis-represent the movie , making it appear almost like a dramady with a big family gathering at Dad 's house . I think this movie missed its audiences in theaters because of that.There are some negative reviews here that I do n't understand at all , and I 'm thinking perhaps this powerful parent-and-child story touched a few raw nerves . It sure as heck did with me . Unfortunately my parents are long gone , so there was no talking to them , but I texted my college boy as I watched the movie , and I talked to my 14 y.o. the next morning , just to tell them I love them and do n't want that same kind of distance between us .
 The reviews for this movie were mixed on here , so I was n't sure what I was getting into as my wife and I watched the movie . But , I was pleasantly surprised by the tenor of the movie and how true to life the family issues were . One portion of the movie towards the end had my wife and I in tears - you 'll realize it when you watch it ! You ca n't go wrong with DeNiro as the main focus of the movie - because he did a wonderful job . Glad we now own it on Amazon Instant Video !
 I usually do n't leave reviews for films but this one made me cry so much for minutes on end that I just had to . Robert De Niro played the role so well it reminded me of my own dad . It hit ridiculously close to home and I wish it got the recognition it deserves .
 This was a pleasant , but not comedic , look at a dysfunctional family in which the adult , geographically distant children protected their privacy and kept the discovery of self preceived failures in their lives from their widowed father by limiting contact to the very minimum . The acting was excellent but the script was a bit `` by the numbers '' , although still enjoyable . A father 's unrelenting pursuit of his children while coping with his loneliness , and they with their various crises , reinforced for them his enduring love and support , allaying their fears of being judged for being `` imperfect '' . The need to reconnect before it was too late , was the emotional incentive .
 I did n't know anything about this movie . DeNiro did a great job in this drama . This is an interesting story , with some light hearted humor here and there.I really enjoyed it .
 Very good movie . Do n't expect any humor in this movie . What you get is a dose of reality .
 This is a sweet and poignant film and Deniro is wonderful in it . Have a tissue handy . The other reviews here tell you the plot so you already know . Watch this movie , you wo n't be sorry , but again , have a tissue handy .
 Kirk Jones remake of the remake of a 1990 Italian film Statto Tutti Bene was written and directed by Giuseppe Tornatore . This movie stars Robert DeNiro stars in this film directed by Kirk Jones about a retired guy who wants to be close to his children in the same way as they were close to their mother his wife who has recently passed away . Since they have given excuses for not showing up for a family reunion at their childhood home in Elmira NY , he takes upon himself to go and visit them so that he can get to know them and spend time with them . So he sets off hoping that the children have some time for him from their busy successful lives . However the children that he thinks are successful professionally are not . They have had setbacks and failures and they are putting up a brave face for their father . Somehow during the course of the visits and his interactions with his children and their families he realizes that they have not been truthful with him and have never been close to him . Just when you thought that Robert DeNiro was hell bent on destroying his legacy , comes this pleasant movie . Surely this is not among his best but fans of DeNiro and easy paced cinema would not be disappointed . The cast is great and perform their parts well . Kate Beckinsale plays Amy his oldest daughter , Robert his son is played by Sam Rockwell , Rosie is played by Drew Barrymore . His older son is David and we get to see him in only one brief scene towards the end . I loved this film about reconnecting with your family and loving your parents . DeNiro is splendid and plays the part of Frank extremely well . I give it 4 stars . 3/10/10
 `` Everybody 's Fine '' is a lonely , sad , isolating , realistic , touching , heartbreaking , gut wrenching movie that makes you think about life . It is not the kind of movie that finds commercial success in most cases because very few people want to go to the movies and feel any of the above mentioned emotions . Movies are about fantasy and make believe . Feeling good about life and the guy/girl always ending up together in the end ? Life is not like that in reality . Kids disappoint , parents make mistakes , tragedy befalls some of us and sometimes we just ca n't figure out how to make it through the day.Robert De Niro masterfully plays the recently widowed husband `` Frank Goode '' who in his retirement and finding himself alone reaches out to his four children . All are set to meet him for the weekend and all four cancel at the last minute . He busies himself in the garden and house but finds that he needs his family and strikes out on a cross country trip to visit all four . With his ailing lungs he is unable to fly so by bus and train he begins his trip in New York City . As a parent you find yourself looking into the eyes of your children and the line between pushing them to success and riding them into submissiveness is blurred . How far is too far as you want only what is best for your kids.With each stop along the way it becomes evident that `` Frank '' has lost touch with his children . With his wife gone so went the glue that bound them together and he struggles flailing about trying to reach for any of the four . Yes he worked to hard and yes he did n't pay enough attention to the details but in his elderly state is it too late to grasp his children and guide them all back to family bonding ? His kids do not have time for him even after his long excursion to see them and in the end the lies mount up to high to find his way through . He heads home broken hearted and saddened but the realization that his children not only disappointed him but more importantly he has vastly disappointed himself as a father . `` Are you happy ? `` If Robert De Niro does n't win some kind of award for his depiction of `` Frank '' I will find it a travesty . While the move might struggle in the dollars and cents it was masterfully done if not a little slow at times bringing about the realistic family portrayal of life . The laughs were few and far between and I left the theater feeling my stomach turning from the emotional rollercoaster ride but also left thinking about my life . How many movies made today really bring a message that one can associate with every day reality ? Can you count them on two hands or maybe even one ? `` Everybody 's Fine '' is a wonderful movie . I highly recommend it but I also suggest you take some tissue for the ride . It is sad and heartwarming but you will leave respecting the elderly and appreciating experience a little more . Family is insane at times but they are still family . They are always there with you through the good and the bad , even at times when you might wish they were not .
 Everybody 's Fine is a movie that delievers the goods . Here is a real life drama acted out by a great cast . Director Kirk Jones , working with an excellent screenplay , produced a masterpiece as far as I 'm conerned . The story is believable , the scenes , oh so real , and the editing made this one of the top movies to come out in the last five years.Robert De Niro delivers a GREAT performance and the rest of the cast followed his lead . I am glad I rented this movie and ca n't wait to purchase the DVD and watch it again.Life delivers a lot of twist and turns , and Everybody 's Fine showcases how families deal with difficult situations as a family . After the first fifteen minutes , I was so involved in the movie that I blocked out everything else around me and just enjoyed the story . I was hoping the movie would just go on and on so I could continue to watch more of De Niro , Drew Barrymore , Kate Beckinsale , and Sam Rockwell work their magic on screen.If you have not seen this movie , I suggest buying it ... you wo n't be sorry!Thanks to everyone involved with this movie . Take a bow ! You deserve it!See ya next review !
 This was the Sleeper for 2009 and did not receive much if any acclaim . My wife and I truly appreciated this movie and highly recommend it . I have requested that my children , both of whom live out of state , take the time to watch and listen to this story.I am , and have always been , a Robert DeNiro fan.Hoping that you enjoy it as much as we did .
 When I think about Robert De Niro , movies like `` The Godfather , '' `` Raging Bull , '' `` Taxi Driver , '' `` Goodfellas , '' and many others , come to mind - you know , the ones that established him as serious contender in Hollywood . It 's kind of a weird feeling seeing him portray a calm , ordinary guy , which is precisely what he does in the charming and captivating `` Everybody 's Fine . `` De Niro plays Frank Goode , a single , hard-working parent , who lives by himself in a house once inhabited by his four , now grown-up children and his late wife . His biggest joy in life , it seems , is to have his sons and daughters for Christmas , `` all around the same table . '' For this purpose , he buys the best steaks , wines , etc. , so that he can impress his family and enjoy the holidays . However , for this particular Christmas , his children ca n't make it for this special celebration . So Frank decides to go to them instead , traveling by bus , airplane and by train , in order that he can surprise and spend time with David -LRB- Austin Lysy -RRB- in New York , Amy -LRB- Kate Beckinsale -RRB- in Chicago , Robert -LRB- Sam Rockwell -RRB- in Denver , and Rosie -LRB- Drew Barrymore -RRB- in Las Vegas . In doing so , Frank is the one surprised , finding secrets after secrets about his adult children , which makes him question himself , about his role in their lives . `` Everybody 's Fine '' is about what we expect from our children once there are adults , and how we measure their success . It is touching and honest , and in the end , like Frank , we can conclude that `` the family is making its way in the world , and you could be proud of the children and their achievements . '' The DVD also includes deleted and extended scenes and the making of Paul McCartney 's '' -LRB- I Want To -RRB- Come Home . '' -LRB- USA , 2009 , color , 100 min plus additional materials -RRB- . Reviewed on February 22 , 2010 by Eric Gonzalez for -LSB- ... -RSB-
 It is billed as a comedy ... in reality , it isextremely sad . Left me depressed .
 I am going to try not to go into plot , but just why I liked and did n't like the movie.So I watched this movie the first time thinking that it was a comedy because of the trailer . This movie is hardly a comedy first of all , but you knew that from the other reviews already . I thought it was just ok , partly because I was expecting to laugh not grab tissues.I recently watched this movie again , via cable , and I gave it a second chance to see if I got something different from it the second time around , because this time I knew what to expect , drama not comedy.Watching it a second time , I remembered why I liked it . First off I loved Robert De Niro in this movie . I always forget that this is man that also portrayed the serial killer in Cape Fear . In Everybody 's Fine he plays a father that was stern -LRB- not abusive , just expected only the best , and seemed to shun the mediocre -RRB- that was then broken down to a much more approachable father-figure after his wife passes and after having a heart problem , which is the where the movie starts . Robert was great so I move on ... The kids , Kate Beckinsale -LRB- Amy -RRB- , Drew Barrymore -LRB- Rosie -RRB- , Sam Rockwell -LRB- Robert -RRB- , Austin Lysy -LRB- David -RRB- . The actors played each role well , no problems with that . Based on the plot you know they wind up covering up their stories with an I am Fine Version , and a heightened lifestyle to make their father happy.The real problem I had with this movie is one scene . The table scene with all the kids is the best scene of the movie , but it does not come without a few questions . With that said , I feel like they could have done away with it and made something much more approachable to the viewer . Its placed in the movie time-wise correctly but as far as the filming of that scene there is some detachment from the rest of the movie , and yes I know it is supposed to because of the story , but it just does n't visually fit in the movie . Production had this great scene and they just did n't want to part with it , and I could tell . It did not , however , effect my tear factor , but still , even the second time around I just could n't get over how it did not fit in the movie . Do n't get me wrong , it is not the content of that scene , it is just the way the scene is played out , the content is what ties up everything else , but there is something about it I just really question . But anyways , I ca n't think of a better scene to fill with it , so I move on ... -LRB- it does make me want to read the book , if there is one . -RRB- My second favorite scene is the hospital night scene . Without spoiling the movie I will just say that this made more tears flow.The movie gets 4 stars , because to me , it was n't amazing , but it was really well done . In general I would recommend the movie because I did enjoy it , and the actors portrayed the family genuinely .
 In 2009 , British director Kirk Jones -LRB- `` Everybody 's Fine '' , `` Nanny McPhee '' , `` Waking Ned '' -RRB- wrote and directed a remake of Giuseppe Tornatore 's award-winning 1990 film `` Stanno Tutti Bene '' . The film features cinematography by Henry Braham -LRB- `` The Golden Compass '' , `` Nanny McPhee '' , `` Crush '' -RRB- and music composed by Dario Marianelli -LRB- `` The Soloist '' , `` Atonement '' , `` The Brave One '' -RRB- . Where the original film had an operatic tie-in , Jones ' film `` Everybody 's Fine '' focuses more on a heartwarming family tale about family secrets and moving on after tragedy.The film revolves around Frank Goode -LRB- played by Robert De Niro , `` The Godfather '' , `` Taxi Driver '' , `` The Deer Hunter '' , `` Raging Bull '' -RRB- , the father of four who has kept himself busy taking care of the home after the death of his wife . His routine is taking care of the garden and taking his heart medication but with the annual family reunion coming up , Frank wants to continue the tradition of what his wife had done for years.But when he calls his children , the majority of them are unable to come this year and tell him that they are all busy . So , Frank decides that why not take a road trip and visit each of them and see how they are doing . For Frank , he has been busy all his life working -LRB- working on the tubing that are on the telephone wires across America -RRB- and thus , his wife took care of the family and he never developed a strong relationship with them . But hopes he can do it now.While Frank goes to visit his oldest daughter Amy -LRB- played by Kate Beckinsale , `` Serendipity '' , `` Underworld '' films '' , `` Pearl Harbor '' -RRB- , his son Robert -LRB- played by Sam Rockwell , `` Moon '' , `` Frost/Nixon '' , `` The Assassination of Jesse James by the Coward Robert Ford '' -RRB- and his daughter Rosie -LRB- played by Drew Barrymore , `` E.T. '' , `` Charlie 's Angels '' films '' , `` Donnie Darko '' -RRB- , all he hopes for his children is happiness.But somehow during his visit , he realizes that things may not have been going so well and that they have not been truthful with him about their lives . Also , he is unable to get in touch with his older son David and only the sibling know the reason why.VIDEO & AUDIO : `` Everybody 's Fine '' is presented in Widescreen -LRB- 2:40:1 -RRB- . The cinematography by Henry Braham is beautiful . From capturing the beautiful scenery to capturing the emotions of the top notch cast . The film through its cinematography captures family 's at their best and their worst.Audio is presented in Dolby Digital 5.1 Surround Sound . Also , included is a French Language track . The film is primarily dialogue driven and is front and center channel driven.Subtitles are in English SDH , French and in Spanish.SPECIAL FEATURES : `` Everbody 's Fine '' comes with the following special features : * The Making of Paul McCartney 's '' -LRB- I Want To -RRB- Come Home '' - -LRB- 9:47 -RRB- The making of '' -LRB- I Want To -RRB- Come Home '' and interview with Paul McCartney and how he became part of the film . * Deleted & Extended Scenes - A total of seven deleted scenes
 GREAT MOVIE . It reminds us all that we should never be to busy for family . Robert DeNiro was surprisingly good in this movie , as was Drew Berrymore
 I went by myself , a 62 year-old with 4 grown sons . I sat in my old hunting coat and sniffled and cried for however long it was . I think De Niro wears his role with both an ease and a genius few possess . I 'll get the DVD as soon as it 's released . I know De Niro 's own real-life dad passed shortly before his `` Bronx Tales '' was released , and perhaps , in some zen-like chi , this kinda closes a circle on the dad-stuff there . I met De Niro once , and was extremely impressed with his character -LRB- as in ` integrity ' , not as in an acting role -RRB- .
 Everybody 's Fine is a `` people '' movie , a study of characters -- both central and peripheral . It 's a drama with some comedic elements , heavy on emotion but low on over-the-top histrionics . And depending on where it might hit you in your own life , it can be a real tearjerker , in that good way that makes you think about the important things and discuss them with the important people in your life.Robert DeNiro gives an understated performance as a father who would not or could not realize he was expressing lifelong disappointment with his children if they were less than `` the best . '' They had spent years hiding any flaws from him and sharing their struggles only with their mother , who had passed several months earlier.Their stories come together as he travels the country to reconnect . Along the way , British director Kirk Wise -LRB- Waking Ned , Nanny McPhee -RRB- presents snapshots of interesting characters and fascinating faces , both genial and malevolent.The part that touched my wife and me most was the technique using children to speak for their grownup counterparts in key sections of the film . DeNiro 's character still sees them as school age kids and , through his reveries , so do we . It 's not a new technique but it seems to work effectively here and often hits hard in ways that standard confrontational scenes could not . Since our kids are school age and we have parents we want to please too , it made my wife and I think about our own parent/child relationships.One of the messages of the movie seems to be that it 's not too late to pick up the pieces , but you can suffer great losses if you get too distracted and wait too long -- and we all need to take a breath and be more accepting of one another 's choices . It 's not so much that we should `` settle '' but rather that there are better ways to measure true success.My only criticism of the DVD is that there is NO AUDIO COMMENTARY . There are a few extended scenes and a short look at Paul McCartney 's involvement in creating a song for the film . A commentary was sorely missed .
 What can I say about Robert DeNiro that we do n't already know ... In addition to playing some of the most iconic characters of the last 35 yrs in film , he is in the upper echelon of the greatest actors ever to do it!He has proven this fact even more in the last 15 yrs , where he has added to hisreportoire of serious & menacing tough guy roles , sharply comedic and deeply emotionalones as well in which he has proven to be quite effective.This movie `` Everybody 's Fine '' is an emotional tour de force!Deniro plays an aging father who is recently widowed and counting his own last days asan undisclosed disease slowly ravages his body . He finds himself lonely and trying to keepup the good front as he struggles from day to day just with the mundane tasks of life.His only solace comes in the memories he has of his children , all grown now and living theirown lives in different cities across the country.When he invites them all home for a cookout/family reunion , he is disappointedwhen they all find reasons to cancel one by one because their busy schedules.What DeNiro 's character finds is that in his zeal to see his kids do well in life , he has in fact pushed them all so hard that they feel alienated from him.They all found it much more easier to communicate with their deceased mother , who , like a lot of mothers , handled the affairs of her children 's lives as wellher own with seemingly effortless ease . She never shared any bad news with her husband -LRB- their father -RRB- regarding the struggles of their kids lives , inadvertently helpingto foster the very detached emotional environment he finds himself in with his kids.This he does n't like , as he is now in a reflective state in his life and wantingand needing his children to be closer to him . So he sets about his own journeyto re-acquaint himself with each one of them , and without giving anymore away , it suffices to say that it 's a journey filled with deep emotion and substancethat will have you shedding more than a few tears before it 's all over.Not only is DeNiro subtle & brilliant in this , but he 's supported by an excellent castof top shelf actors and actresses who collectively help to bring this film home big time!These are things that REAL PEOPLE face in EVERYDAY LIFE as we grow older , thingschange , we lose our loved ones , and the stresses of the day to day grind pull usfurther and further apart from the loved ones who are still alive.This story is filled with brilliant writing and direction as welland I warn you , you will be tearing up a few times before it ends!I rented this movie first to check it out , but I 'll defintely be buying itvery soon because it 's worth it . I highly recommend this film ! -LRB- - :
 I ca n't remember the last movie I saw that hit my heart like this movie did . The acting was outstanding , especially Deniro , but everyone was good , fantastic job in casting it . Maybe it 's because it reminded me so much of my relationship with my parents that it got me like it did , but even beyond that , there was so many little spots in the movie that choked me up . It was n't over the top either , it was so true to life.I really have to question the few negative reviews on this movie . I understand everyone has different life experiences so they might not relate to the movie exactly the way I did , but I have to wonder if someone 's heart it is still working if they did n't find some kind of emotional connection to the movie or at least appreciate the plot and depth of the movie.This is easily the best movie that I have seen in a very long time .
 EVERYBODY 'S FINESTARRING
 This movie is really very good . It 's not funny , yet has some light moments . I liked how the story unfolds , and is almost a mystery about what is really going on . This is a well made film , with a great cast . I bought the DVD used , and was not disappointed in any way . I would recommend this movie .
 Everybody 's Fine starring Robert De Niro , Drew Barrymore , Sam Rockwell , and Kate Beckinsale is about a family struggling to stay together after their mother dies and their father is left alone . Robert De Niro plays the patriarch of the family who was a typical 1960s father who focused on his career in order to make money for the family of six . His wife held the connection to their four children and the family 's confidante . However , when she dies , De Niro is lost and tries to rekindle his relationship with his children . When he plans a family gathering , all of the children find a way to get out of the reunion . De Niro is distraught that his family is no longer connected as they once were and he decides to take to the road to visit each of his children . His first stop is to his son David who is an artist living in New York City . When David does not answer his father 's calls , De Niro decides to move on to his daughter 's house where he finds that nothing is as it seems and certainly not as hunky-dory as he had been told . He faces the same situation with his following two children before he returns home even more lost than when he left . Each child blows off their father to the point that he believes they may never be a strong family again . Yet , when tragedy strikes , his children come together to support each other and himself.This film was touching in all of the ways a good movie should be . It never received any hype when it was in theaters and moved quickly to DVD . I think that this is terrible because I found a great deal more in the film than I found in many of the other movies that came out in 2009 . De Niro is fantastic in the role as the lost father helplessly trying to bring his family together . His children 's disinterest in him is honest and heartbreaking . It made me want to call my dad and thank him for being a fantastic father . Though the story was heart aching at times , it was truthful and documented a real period in people 's lives when children become parents and distance themselves from their own parents for a variety of reasons . Overall , the film is sad and touching with little bits of humor . Hopefully , its DVD release will inspire the public to give it its due .
 This was a hard film to watch for me because my father has always reminded me of Robert DeNiro and he lost his wife my mother a year and a half ago . DeNiro gives a wonderfully touching performance as a father who maybe pushed his kids a little too hard to achieve their dreams when they were young and they seem to avoid him because they feel they might not have lived up to his expectations.What is most impressive besides DeNiro in this film is that it never feels forced and we are slowly let into the world of this family . It 's a sad film , but very rewarding and worth the trip if you do n't mind shedding a few tears along the way .
 I want to make something clear before writing this review - Everybody 's Fine is most certainly NOT a comedy . It 's in fact , quite the opposite . The description might lead you to think otherwise , but it 's actually a really emotional drama story.Normally I 'm not a fan of Robert De Niro , however whenever he stars -LRB- or plays lead role -RRB- in a family-oriented film , I 'm always very interested in them.I suggest if you 're someone who either worries or constantly thinks about your family - and specifically someone who 's always concerned too much time has passed they by and there 's no way to go back in time and change things - you should NOT watch this movie because you will most likely be in tears by the time it 's over . The last 20 minutes are especially hard to keep from crying . This film might be even harder for older folks to watch , seriously.The storyline is about an old man -LRB- played by Robert De Niro -RRB- who one day decides to search for his children and find out about their lives , and what they 've been up to over the years . So Robert 's character travels across the country and makes unexpected visits to each of his children , and along the way finds out some really shocking things about them . Let 's just say - his kids have definitely changed over the years.It 's one of those films where you really have to pay close attention to all the details in order to notice all the surprising things about his kids , because there 's a scene later involving a thunderstorm that might be confusing to understand if you do n't pay extremely close attention early on.Without spoiling anything , the one thing that was never really made clear were the `` in between '' segments whenever Robert De Niro would travel to visit his kids . You see , there would be these conversations taking place between each of his kids over a telephone . What was confusing about this is that it was never really clear whether Robert De Niro was actually hearing these conversations , or not.It 's a clever bit of storytelling because it leaves you guessing . I * assume * he was n't really hearing his children talking to each other over the telephone , and it could be a case where Robert 's character just * knew * anyway because he 's an experienced father , and his fatherly instincts kicked in , but I ca n't be completely sure.Also , the song that plays over the credits sounds like Paul McCartney , and it 's a REALLY good song . I 'm not sure if it 's really Paul McCartney singing that song or just a singer who happens to resemble his voice.Anyway , Everybody 's Fine is a magnificent film because it does everything correctly . It makes you cry , it keeps your attention , and it 's definitely a film worth watching.Update - August 2 , 2011 - I 'm not really sure what exactly I was thinking when I thought Robert De Niro 's character was able to hear the telephone conversations taking place through the communication wires - no , I do n't believe he was .
 My mom died and recommended this to my siblings ... I can relate to it!DeNiro is fabulous ... and many families may experience this scenario .
 The preview made it seem different , still a good movie . worth the money . I was able to predict things that happened except the end .
 I got this film because it was recommended by a friend who thought it was outstanding ! He was not wrong ! I loaned it to a neighbor who , along with his girl friend , found it a welcome film to view !
 In this movie a father goes to great lengths to get his family together . I feel that all his kids lying about their situation is so wrong . Overall this movie is ok but it takes a while to lead up to its climax .
 Heart Warming and Sad at the same time . A great cast and unlike any other movie I 've seen . A bit slow , but worth the $ 3.99 it costs to rent .
 Different for De Niro however he did an awesome job with it . I would recommend this movie for any De Niro fan !
 I really loved this movie and I would recommend it to anyone . It came before the date required and in the quality stated .
 American actor Mark Damon aka Johnny Yuma is featured in this excellent double billing from Wild East , with genre favorites Anthony Steffen and Lou Castel . `` Dead Men Do n't Count '' , the first film , Damon and Steffen are paired up bounty hunters falsely accused of murder in a lawless town ruled by racketeering lawmen ... the pistols are loaded , the sun is blazing , the Madrid is scene , the music score is orchestrated to an almost perfect spaghetti western , not to be missed , 85 minutes . The second feature , `` Kill And Pray '' , conceals a dark shade of religious content and theme , similar to director Enzo Castellari 's `` Keoma '' . Lou Castel is the son of a preacher , who suddenly discovers how to shoot a pistol like a seasoned pro with a little help from the good book . Mark Damon portrays his darkest , most sadistic role ever in this violent western that also delivers the works , 100 minutes ... both films are widescreen with excellent remastered transfers on a double sided disc . The interview with Mark Damon is worth the price of admission , Damon tells all .
 People who like Rock music -LRB- especially Christians who like Rock -RRB- wo n't like this video . It 's too true . In a day and age with very little spiritual discernment -LRB- e.g. , when people would virtually have to see Satan face to face to understand that he is daily present in the world -RRB- I 'm afraid the tenets of this film will seem too fantastic for most people to believe .
 ` MADAME O ' -LRB- 1967 -RRB- is a classic and controversial Asian tale of revenge from late 1960s Japan . Raped and left for dead and w / a wicked strain of syphyllis at the tender age of 16 , our forever-scarred heroine goes on to become a Doctor attempting to find a cure by day , and a woman who picks up men to contaminate them w / her disease by night . Director Seiichi Fukuda uses widescreen cinematography and an unusual mix of both black and white and color imagery to drive home his gore , nudity and shocking violence for the time . It succeeds beautifully all around . The plot gets deeper when the good doctor marries and suspects something fishy in her husband ` s past . Say no more . This Asian cult classic is far better than others like ` The Bite-Japanese Slave Girls ' , or ` Slave Widow ' , both of which were a waste of time and cash .
 If You liked Hell Comes to Frogtown , you will enjoy this . It would have been much better with Roddy Piper and Rory Calhoun . Definitely a cult Sci-fi Movie .
 ` The Passion of Joan of Arc ' differs from expectations of a silent film . Not having any reading material , I am going out on a limb and say it was innovative for its time . Maria Falconetti plays Joan with intensity , conveying courage , fear , and fragileness with expertise througout . The Inquisition are presented as smug and patronizing , making the drama even more realistic . Director Carl Theodor Dreyer skillfully interweves shots that broaden the film , and his attention to details is ground breaking . The close ups and editing are of the caliber that today we take for granted . The pace of the frames flows along like real life , unlike , say Charlie Chaplin 's silent films do . Presenting a trial and the burning at the stake that never seem fake , ` The Passion of Joan of Arc ' is a real triumph . Even as a silent film , the facial expressions say more than words . The film , which like Joan herself , was thought to be lost in a fire , has been resurrected for the benefit of all .
 This 1928 movie is the best work on the life of Joan of Arc in my opinion , much better than later films.The above official restored imported version that I watched is perfect , with Dolby stereo sound , full-screen 4:3 format and English subtitles.It treats the highly dramatic events in a restrained way , which only makes them more dramatic . Maria Falconetti 's Joan is absolutely searing in her youth and idealism .
 I saw this on cable last Oct. it is a truly great movie.I think that this is the best movie on the life of Joan of Arc ever made .
 If you 're in the market for some early video of Eric Clapton , you 've come to one of the few retail spots available . While some film exists of Clapton with the Yardbirds , Cream , and cameo , back-up roles in ` The Last Waltz ' and ` The Concert For Bangladesh ' , you 're going to be hard pressed to find Eric performing anything close to a complete set of his early work . Unfortunately , this video is not available on DVD -LRB- as of May 18 , 2005 -RRB- , and arguably does not catch Clapton in the prime of his career , which occured in the early 1970 's , touring as ` Derek and the Dominos ' . The set offered here does feature one-half of that band however , with Carl Radle on bass , and a scintillating version of one of their standards , ` Tell the Truth ' . That in itself is reason enough to hunt down a copy of this rare production . ` Live On the Whistle Test ' captures Clapton and his band on their 1977 tour in support of his 1976 release ` No Reason To Cry ' at the BBC Television Theatre . No surprise then that three tracks from that disc are offered , the opener ` Hello Old Friend ' and second track , ` Sign Language ' , along with the blues-rock number ` Double Trouble ' . Also no surprise is the inclusion of an eight and one-half minute version of Clapton 's sole number one hit , ' I Shot the Sheriff ' from 1974 's ' 461 Ocean Boulevard ' . Much of the band accompanying Clapton on his 1977 tour , including singer Marcy Levy , drummer Jamie Oldaker , and second lead guitarist George Terry , appeared on that disc . Two selections are drawn from Clapton 's 1975 live disc ` E.C. Was Here ' , ` Further On Up the Road ' , and backup singer Yvonne Elliman 's beautiful acoustic rendition of Blind Faith 's ` Ca n't Find My Way Home ' . Other tracks include the slow-tempo blues number ` Alberta Alberta ' -LRB- a John Lomax tune first performed by Clapton on this tour -RRB- , ` Tell the Truth ' from the epic ` Layla ' disc , Bob Dylan 's ` Knocking On Heaven 's Door ' -LRB- first covered by Clapton in June of 1975 , and available on the ` Crossroads ' anthology -RRB- , and an eight minute performance of Cream 's classic ` Badge ' as the closer.Eric 's band has special meaning to myself , since two of the members , Detroit born and bred singer Marcy Levy , and drummer Jamie Oldaker both contributed to my favorite Bob Seger disc , ` Back In ' 72 ' . Oldaker also toured with Seger on his notable 1977 tour as a member of the Silver Bullet Band . Also featured are Dick Sims on the Hammond B3 organ , George Terry -LRB- who wrote ` Mainline Florida ' for the ' 461 ... ' disc -RRB- offering lead guitar on the first two tracks here while Clapton strums out the rhythm on an acoustic guitar , Sergio Pastora on a variety of percussion instruments , Yvonne Elliman on background vocals , and of course Carl Radle , who passed away in 1980 , on bass.The ten tracks chosen for this sixty minute set offer a good deal of diversity . While ` Hello Old Friend ' and ` Sign Language ' offer agreeable pop , and ` Alberta Alberta ' a shot of the blues , Clapton finally straps on the powered sound for ` Tell the Truth ' , and delivers a bit more up-tempo rendition than is found on the live ` In Concert ' discs from 1970 . After Elliman 's ` Ca n't Find My Way Home ' , Eric cranks up the blues again with ` Double Trouble ' . The reggae sound of Bob Marley 's ' I Shot the Sheriff ' is followed by an inspired ` Knockin On Heaven 's Door ' . ` Further On Up the Road ' and especially ` Badge ' rock the rafters in the finale.There is no question that this rare performance would rate five stars if the recording quality was improved . The video is sharp , but very few shots of Sims , Radle , and Oldaker are offered . Unfortunately , the sound quality is less than desirable . You 'll definately be cranking up the volume , especially when the softer fare , such as ` Alberta Alberta ' and ` Ca n't Find My Way Home ' are queued up . I believe you 'll also notice that the recording fidelity lacks range , and is often unable to deliver some of the more subtle instruments such as Elliman 's tambourine . Despite the limitations , the rarity of this recording makes it an essential component of any Clapton fan 's collection .
 This is Classic Clapton from 1977 . I take this as a rare performance and refreshing , as I saw the show of him in Seattle in the same year.The band is great and performs tight , with well done tunes and great vocals . `` Hello Old Friend -1 st song '' was a top 40 hit and is performed nicely . This is just classic Clapton ! Do n't miss it .
 The 5 video set , `` Building Big '' with David Macaulay is an excellent overview of human 's accomplishments in building . If you appreciate architecture , and especially if you are endeavoring to raise a youngster 's awareness of this art form , this video set is something you 'll want to own so that you can keep going back to it periodically . It explains in clear and vibrant terms how and why our structures are made the way they are . The catch is the 6th video - which is what is meant by `` educational curriculum '' . At the end of each of the original 5 videos in this set , there is a section for children with activities for you to build small scale examples -LRB- bridges , domes , tunnels , dams and skyscrapers -RRB- to learn in a hands-on way the principles involved . The 6th video is simply a repeat of this material . The 6th video - `` Building Big and Thinking Small '' should be sold separately .
 This is a video about the life and death of Henri Nouwen -- told in his own words and in the words of one of his closest friends and the founder of the L'Arche communities , Jean Vanier . The first half of the video takes you to the places of importance in Henri 's life , academia , L'Arche , the circus , St. Petersburg , etc. . In each place he talks about what he learned there , and his feelings toward his experiences . Henri is speaking Dutch in the movie , but there are English subtitles -- and you still get to see the vigor and intensity with which Henri expresses his deeply held convictions . You also get to meet Adam , who was a very important person in Henri 's life , and to see the way Henri and he interacted . The whole movie is full of the truth and beauty that every lover of Henri has come to know as a part of him . It is a really meaningful experience to put facial expressions and a life onto books and words that have touched my heart so deeply . As is also true of his books , the main themes in this movie are people claiming their true identities as children of God , and of living in such a way as to bear lasting fruit . After the biographical aspect which includes interviews with Henri , the second part of the video is actually the eulogy at his funeral -- delivered by Jean Vanier . That is also very moving and inspirational , and really iterates the main teachings of Jesus that Henri was so fond of living out . Since buying this video I have watched it many times , and will continue to ; in fact , I quote to others or just think about lines from it daily . If you are a fan of Henri 's books , or simply want to know about a man who really took the Gospel seriously and used his suffering to benefit us all , then get this movie . I really can not recommend it highly enough .
 BEING OF PROTESTANT BACKGROUND AND A PASTIME OF STUDYING CHRISTIAN APOLOGETICS , IT IS OF INTEREST THAT I FEEL HENRI NOUWEN A CATHOLIC PRIEST , PROFESSOR AT HARVARD , YALE , NOTRE DAME AND INTERNATIONALLY FAMOUS LECTURER AND AUTHOR OF OVER 40 BOOKS MAY HAVE HAD A BETTER UNDERSTANDING OF WHO WE SHOULD BE IN RELATIONSHIP WITH OUR LORD JESUS THAN ANY OTHER MODERN DAY WRITERChristian Catalyst Collection
 What a great movie ! I ordered this movie because Jean Arthur is one of the stars and I would watch anything she is in . Add William Powell and how can you lose ? It far exceeded my expectations . It 's smart , funny , and the mystery holds your interest . I would recommend this movie to anyone who likes either of the stars , or who like the Thin Man series . Very enjoyable . Buy it from Warner Archive for only $ 19.95 -LSB- ... -RSB-
 This is a 41/2 star review rounded down to 4 for Amazon purposes.There used to be a time Hollywood made movies like `` The Ex-Mrs . Bradford '' ; movies that belonged to the now-vanished Glamour Mystery Genre . The stars were beautiful , the costumes more beautiful , the dialogue snappy and the art Deco . Plus , the mystery itself would be a genuine puzzle with a satisfying finish at the 90 yard line . For those of you who have watched and re-watched every Thin Man movie and are longing for more , well this is the film for you.You even get William Powell , as the genial Dr. Bradford . Jean Arthur -LRB- at the very top of her game in a perfect role for her -RRB- plays his wife , the titular Ex-Mrs . Bradford , who is determined to be just plain Mrs. Bradford again . But does Dr. Bradford want her back ? On the plus side she is gorgeous , fun and sports a series of incredible outfits while repeatedly saving Powell 's life . On the downside she is slightly fruit loops , constantly in trouble and has an annoying habit of clunking Powell on the noggin at inopportune times . When a race jockey is killed and it looks like the good Doctor did the deed , it 's the Ex-Mrs . Bradford who determines he must solve the crime himself , with her assistance of course . The mystery ends , as they always did back in the old days , with all the suspects in one room and Powell explaining who killed who with what and why and how and look out they have a gun!It 's all sublime , quite perfect , and a total delight . Most of these newly released archive films -LRB- dumped bare bones onto DVD but at least cleanly transferred -RRB- are worth seeing , and this one is worth buying . How come they do n't make them like this anymore ? Could it be so hard , when they made it look so easy?GRADE
 With a team like William Powell and Jean Arthur , two of the best that Hollywood had to offer back in the day of screwball comedies , how can you go wrong ? Arthur has always been my favorite actress from that era , and I tend to snap up any movie that employs her considerable skills . -LRB- A collection of her dramatic films is scheduled to be released soon . -RRB- Most viewers know Powell from his teamwork with Myrna Loy . He is every bit as good here as he was there . In short , for fans of this genre , there are no negatives in this purchase .
 Produced in between the first and second Thin Man movies , comes this wonderful gem of a twist.Once again dapper William Powell is cast as the reluctant detective who gets mixed into a wild storm of cheating hearts , plain ol' cheating , deceit , deception and murder . Only this time , the catch is he 's not actually a detective , but a surgeon recently divorced from his crime-writing-novelist wife . The same ex-wife whom the screenplay alludes to earlier `` adventures '' from which Dr. Bradford , or ` Brad ' as he 's loving called by said former wife , proclaims was the impetus for the divorce.Extraordinarily fun ! And a fascinating peek into an actress who could 've so easily been ` Mrs. Nick Charles ' had history taken a slightly different turn . I 'm a fairly new member to the Jean Arthur fan club , having onlyjoined in the past few years . But I 'm an ardent member now more than ever . She was just so amazing . Funny , clever , beautiful and so effervescently sexy.Powell and Arthur make for an incredibly enjoyable couple , each playing to their strengths ; and quite noticeably , exposing an improvement to the socialite-detective dynamic that was possible . Especially when comparing the more constrained Myrna Loy performances in The Thin Man series . It 's clear Loy tempered the comedic energy that would have produced a funnier product as evidenced in this one film.Again , I like to imagine how things would 've turned out had Jean been tagged as Nora Charles - it really makes for fascinating speculation . And this film gives us a small taste of what I honestly believe would 've been a wondrous dish.Movie Note : - Not sure if all versions of this film have the apparent inconsistent audio issues as the Warner Archive disc I purchased . But a warning should you obtain the same .
 Myrna Loy must have been busy when the studio decided to film &#34; The Ex-Mrs . Bradford . &#34; But it proves that lightening can and does strike twice!Jean Arthur and William Powell have an on-screen chemistry that rivaled the one between Loy and Powell.The story is a perfect example of the detective , mystery films of the 1930s and works from it 's charming beginning right on to the exciting conclusion!So make some homemade popcorn , cuddle up on the couch with your significant other and enjoy !
 The movie was very entertaining , the quality of the dvd was good . They did a great job on the restoration of this classic film .
 loved the plot and chemistry ... fun to relive a different era ... gave as a Christmas gift with popcorn attached . These oldmovies are filled with great acting , humor and simply fun to watch .
 This is going to be one of my favorite movies . I love the old movies with snappy dialogue , chemistry between the characters , and comedy blended into whatever type of movie it is . William Powell is right at the top of my list for great leading men and he paired so well with a number of leading ladies . A previous reviewer was correct in saying that if you really like the thin man movies you will love this movie as well . They managed to combine murder , mystery , comedy and romance in this film seamlessly . Not a swear word or nudity to be found -- just pure entertainment ! The old films like this one will never be replaced by the present day movies .
 Warner Bros. . Pictures presents `` EX-MRS BRADFORD '' -LRB- 1936 -RRB- -LRB- 82 min/B & W ;-RRB- -- Starring
 When I happened upon this movie I was n't sure I wanted to see William Powell solve a mystery without Myrna Loy at his side . I am so glad I gave it a chance . Jean Arthur is perfect as his mystery writing , always suspicious ex-wife who drops in on him unexpectedly with a man to serve a subpoena because Powell -LRB- Dr. Bradford -RRB- is n't making his alimony payments . He says he is n't going to pay because she already has 2/3 of the money in California . She invites herself to dinner and during the evening decides that she is going to marry him again . But the doctor has another unexpected visitor that night -- a friend , Mr. North , who is involved in horse racing . The movie had opened with a big splash about a racing jockey who died before his horse could win a big race . Though it was said to be a heart attack , Mr North suspects foul play and asks the doctor to go to the morgue and see what he can find out , thus involving Dr. Bradford in a murder mystery he would rather not get near . His ex-wife is concerned for his safety and the next thing he knows she is moving into his guest room to keep an eye on him . She is also very inclined to get involved in the mystery herself . Though I would n't call this a screwball comedy in the strictest sense -LRB- whatever that is -RRB- , it does have elements of that genre along with the mystery around which the story revolves.What is in the envelope Mr. North has mailed to the doctor but addressed to himself?Why does Mr. North call to say he is coming to get it and then never show?Why does the doctor 's secretary suddenly leave her job , claiming illness when she obviously is not?Who took the scalpel from the doctor 's office that he had used on the dead jockey 's autopsy?What is so deadly about gelatin?Why does a corpse show up on the doctor 's doorstep?And will the doctor remarry the Ex-Mrs . Bradford?All this and more awaits you in 81 minutes of pure black & white mystery pleasure . Presented in 1.33:1 fullscreen with absolutely NO extras -LRB- are we not used to this now with the Warner Archive Collection ? -RRB- , this DVD is printed on demand and is only made to play in `` player only '' models , not DVD Player/recorders . I felt like the images were very sharp , but the print had not been cleaned . There were many specks and flecks on the picture and an occasional blip . The sound was clear and I enjoyed watching it . If you are used to pristine , HD , remastered movies , this may not be quite up to your standard , but I did not feel the minor problems were a distraction to me as I watched . I only pay attention to such things in order to note it in reviews like this.The price at this writing is high and it is less at another website , however , buying from a marketplace seller here on the old Amazon with their minimal shipping was actually less expense than the other website with their inflated shipping . Just saying .
 William Powell and Jean Arthur were great actors . This is a wholesome fun movie . There is a mystery , but it is n't a deep difficult mystery . The fun part of this movie is the relationship between William Powell and Jean Arthur . The supporting cast only makes the movie better.It provides an opportunity to be comfortable and enjoy about 90 minutes of entertainment . No foul language , no extraneous nudidy and some excellent acting provided by a cast of professionals.This is one of my favorite movies.Gino
 The Ex-Mrs . Bradford is another Wm. Powell goodie !!! Bought 2 for friends and they loved it too . Quality was good !
 Jean Arthur as the ex-Mrs . Bradford is at her absolute zany best in this easy-to-watch romp through the Art Deco , Upper Class Thirties in Los Angeles . Ex-husband Dr. Bradford -LRB- William Powell -RRB- has both a butler and a chauffeur , and the ex-Mrs . `` has about one-third of the money in California . '' Some of the Art Deco sets are fabulous.The Ex-Mrs . Bradford does n't have the staying power of the best of Powell 's classic Thin Man series , but it 's delightful movie you 'll watch over and over again.The mystery plot meanders around and is a little confusing , but the snappy dialogue keeps things moving . One of the Arthur 's sexiest comments somehow got past the censors
 William Powell and Jean Arthur provided delightful performances as a divorced surgeon -LRB- Powell -RRB- and mystery writer -LRB- Arthur -RRB- . They got along very well , but the Doctor had not been able to manage living with a woman who involved him in investigating one murder after another . The story starts as she re-enters his life simultaneously suing him for back alimony and declaring that they will re-marry . Of course they are soon in the middle of a murder mystery , and one that has no little danger for Dr. Bradford himself , as he is shot at by a burglar , implicated in a murder , and struck over the head.Murder mysteries in 30s era movies tended to be more intricate and make more sense than they do today . It seems that in the heat of trying to find new twists , current writers often lose all track of common sense when developing their stories . This is one reason I 'm so fond of these early movie mysteries . On the other hand , a review of this movie may have been a bad time to make this particular point , as the favored method of murder in the film is impractical and factually flawed . LOLAnother reason is the subtle and witty dialogue , an element present in most mystery movies of the era . William Powell in particular made a career of starring in such vehicles . `` The Ex-Mrs . Bradford '' is no disappointment in that regard . Intelligent and surprising jokes abound . You never have to wait long for the next smile or chuckle , even as you feel growing concern over the danger posed by the murderer -LRB- s -RRB- . One joke is contained entirely within a note left by Mrs. Bradford for the Doctor . The director patiently gives the text of the note full screen attention for long enough that even slow readers can read it without hurry , and the punch line on page two is worth the wait . : - -RRB- If you like good mysteries and intelligent dialogue , you owe it to yourself to give this film a try . It is n't really well known , so it may be one you 've overlooked before , and so you 're in for a treat .
 In the wake of THE THIN MAN 's dynamite success in 1934 , all the studios scrambled like mad to produce similarly-veined pictures . In a neat bit of the serpent swallowing its own tail , William Powell himself was tapped to exploit the manna falling from THE THIN MAN and was cast in 1936 's THE EX-MRS . BRADFORD , a terrific and smart screwball murder mystery in its own right . Jean Arthur , fresh off her star-making turn in MR. DEEDS GOES TO TOWN , comes on board to play Nora to his Nick Charles . `` I do n't want to be involved in any more of your cockeyed murder mysteries , '' Dr. Lawrence Bradford warns his ex-wife Paula who one day breezily comes calling -LRB- and we 'll just ignore that gent she brings who serves Bradford a subpoena for neglecting to pay alimony -RRB- . But of course that 's exactly what happens when a jockey dies during a race and the ex-Mrs . Bradford - mystery writer , she - immediately suspects foul play . Never mind that , initially , no evidence points towards the shady . When he 's requested to apply his medical expertise in determining how the jockey really died , Dr. Bradford should 've just resigned himself to playing amateur sleuth . That , or agreed to right off take the `` ex '' off the ex-Mrs . Bradford . That 's what she was angling for all along.When a corpse is planted on his doorstep and he becomes the cops ' primary suspect , Powell has no recourse but to solve the case , eyeball several dodgy characters , and find out whodunit , with Arthur the entire time serving as both his staunchest ally and his most diligent hindrance . But maybe her theory of murder by gelatin is n't as lame as it sounds.In the time honored tradition , events conclude with the rounding up of suspects to a dinner party , at which point the film takes on a rather innovative twist in how it unveils the murderer . That is , unless someone somewhen , before 1936 , had already fingered the murderer by way of showing a film -LRB- still , it was almost a given that Bradford 's in-house film projector would play a key part -RRB- . Thankfully , there are enough elements here which distinguish THE EX-MRS . BRADFORD from THE THIN MAN . Most pronouncedly , Jean Arthur is delightfully daft , channeling Carole Lombard 's distracted Irene Bullock from MY MAN GODFREY more so than Myrna Loy 's more reserved Nora Charles . -LRB- And , yes , THE EX-MRS . BRADFORD was released before MY MAN GODFREY , but , my God , man , I 'm trying to make a point ! -RRB- Do n't get it twisted , though , because regarding the ex-Mrs . Bradford , there 's a light on upstairs ; One gets the sense that the flightiness is only on the surface . As usual , Arthur 's distinctive chirrupy , husky voice lends a charm all of its own , and I could listen to her talk all day . And , as in the Thin Man series , the fun is n't in the murder detection but rather in the playful interactions of the two leads -LRB- you can even throw in Eric Blore 's deadpan and terribly amusing butler into the mix -RRB- . Arthur and Powell easily keep things from getting stodgy . It 's a hoot watching Powell as his character manfully strives for level-headedness even as his ex applies her hyper-active imagination and , throughout the picture , inadvertently applies several hurtful household ornaments to his skull . Bless all the little women hampered with truly execrable aim , but bless Excedrin even more .
 I have been a fan of Jennifer Larmore ever since her early , spectacular recording of Handel 's `` Julius Caesar , '' but have unfortunately never seen her sing . This video , then , fills an important gap in my collection , and I can not praise it highly enough . Larmore is both a fine artist and an entertaining singer
 This movie puts spice back in your relationship and takes you down paths that you fantasize about . Perfect for couples .
 Ok I own up to this , I have a huge soft spot for this trilogy & while part 3 was Mr.Bronson 's last screen appearance , it really holds up . If you watch this as many times as I have , you can see the supporting cast helping him along & I find that even more touching . Full frame film , no surprise as it was a TV movie.Interesting enough story & fine performances by everyone involved.So long to 1 of the all time movie greats . A touching finish to a magnificent career in films .
 Charles Bronson gives his final performance as Police Commissioner Paul Fein in this very good telefilm . It may not be the best movie , but Bronson gives it his best and goes out in style . Highly recommended for any Bronson fan .
 The series offamily of copsfamily of cops 2family of cops 3are all very good family moviesCharles Bronson is the head of the famil and he does a great job in these moviesfor a man coming from a family of 15 children he surely is due a great audiance for actingchfancier a fancier of fine movies
 This video is ok . I enjoyed the fact that its a black couple . I can relate to that . I like the tape .
 This is a review for the single DVD version.This DVD offers a rather frustrating look at Pink Floyd w / Syd Barrett . Syd Barrett remains an elusive figure , and certainly that 's always been part of his charm . Very little film/video remains of Syd Barrett playing w / Pink Floyd , so I was eager to say the least to check this out . In my opinion , the video of `` Interstellar Overdrive '' is worth the price of this DVD . But be forewarned , real good looks at Syd are few and fleeting ! And what becomes obvious is the ambivalence he had playing before an audience . As the singer , composer and lead guitarist , you 'd expect Syd to be there , front and center . Nothing is predictable w / Syd ever . He lurks in the shadows turned away from the audience often enough . There is Pink Floyd on an unlit stage at the UFO club where they made their mark as part of the London Underground scene . The camera zooms to Syd 's face , but in the darkness , you ca n't see it AT ALL . Instead of `` where 's Waldo ? '' it 's `` where 's Syd ? '' You will feel like a detective trying to find him.The more revealing views come during the scenes of the band jamming @ the Sound Techniques Studio . Like others have said , the audio has been remastered to perfection . As Interstellar Overdrive revs toward the finale , you see Syd , who has been curled over seated in a chair , looking up and over to Rick Wright on keyboards . That personal exchange between musicians has never been evident on stage with Pink Floyd in their entire career . They always said Syd was closest to Rick , and you see the supporting evidence right here . Then , as the song finishes , Syd throws his arm up in the air as a final flourish . There 's a jump cut , and then you see Syd spent , totally curled over his guitar , enveloped in a waft of cigarette haze . It downright post-coital ! Iconic , surely . Some say this version of `` Interstellar Overdrive '' is the definitive version . It just might be and , even if it is n't , it 's still compelling music over 40 years later . What I especially like about early Floyd is the jazz influence seeping through the psychedelia.As for `` Nick 's Boogie , '' the other musical track , I overlooked it at first . Yeah , extended drum solos ai n't my bag , but that would be pigeon-holing this song . Anyway , having read the liner notes for this DVD , I had to listen as Syd plays slide on this . This song 's got a seriously foreboding edge to it , and somehow it brings to mind the existential anxiety of the film `` Apocalypse Now . '' One of Syd 's trademarks was his truly surreal and astral guitar , and this track is just another example . Drummer Nick Mason 's accompaniment is appropriately laid back and fits in w / Rick Wright 's trippy organ as well . Listening to this , it 's not hard to envision laying in the sun ; it 's 1966 or 67 . You 're a twenty-something wearing colorful paisley clothing , and you 're stoned out of your mind . For sure , this was Syd 's state of mind on a regular basis . So why not join in the fun?If you 're a Syd Barrett fanatic like myself , I would urge you to check this out . Yeah , it could have been better , but it 's still offers some of the magic .
 Pink Floyd live in London 1966/1967 DVD is the art of film , sound , lighting , graphics , people , and places . Interesting looks back in time at the youth of a rock band and the people who came to see them.This time period seems to be no different than the rave culture of the 90s . For the beatles , the who and rolling stones to recognize Pink Floyd as something to be look at and heard , is the turning point to further investigate their talent and where it may go.This DVD shows the studio work and places they performed . It 's a great flash back in time to see a band ahead of its time . This must have been a magical moment for the people who were there to say hey , I was there and look at me now and what did I gain if anything . Haircuts back then look no different than they do today .
 Great CD of one of the most influence band in rock history , if you 're a fan of Pink Floyd , this cd should not miss in your collection .
 esta muy bueno el dvd vi algunas escenas que nunca habia visto esta bien para mi coleccion de pink floyd
 This review is for the Pink Floyd London 1966/1967 DVD only , All Regions edition.This promotional film footage shot by director Peter Whitehead of both Interstellar Overdrive and Nick 's Boogie -LRB- Live/Studio -RRB- is quite interesting and of good sound/video quality . I purchased it for just over $ 10.00 -LRB- USD -RRB- new and well worth it for that cost but it is a bit short though content is great of the early Pink Floyd era . Also , I found the interviews with Mick Jagger , Michael Cain , Julie Christie , and David Hockney interesting to varying degrees along with the cool cameo of John Lennon and the Yoko Ono Happening scenes.In all , it is well worth it if you genuinely dig the early Pink Floyd with Syd Barrett before his mental breakdown -LRB- two extended music jams -RRB- . As a veteran musician myself , I also learned a few things watching this too .
 This video reflects the early years of Pink Floyd . In that time a bunch of innovative guys , mainly Syd probably because his use of sychedelic stuff , trying to bring something new in terms of music . If you are a real fan this would be very rare and interesting but if you expect the late sound of PF with Waters and Gilmour maybe you will feel quite shocked . I rated it 4 because is a short document and the sound is not the best although for this kind of information this is not important , the real value of the video is to see them in the context of a very important moment in the history of pop music .
 This video reflects the early years of Pink Floyd . In that time a bunch of innovative guys , mainly Syd probably because his use of sychedelic stuff , trying to bring something new in terms of music . If you are a real fan this would be very rare and interesting but if you expect the late sound of PF with Waters and Gilmour maybe you will feel quite shocked . I rated it 4 because is a short document and the sound is not the best although for this kind of information this is not important , the real value of video is to see them in the context of a very important moment in the history of pop music .
 This video contains surprisingly clear footage of the band performing at the UFO Club in 1966 -LRB- some of it in sync with the audio -RRB- , as well as footage of a `` happening '' in London with John Lennon in the audience hanging out . The total running time is about a half hour . A bit of the psychedelic London of the 60 's preserved for your viewing pleasure ...
 I purchased this tape in Nov. 2000 . At first I was disappointed because the copy sent to me was in PAL format , then I purchased a multi-format VHS VCR so that I could exchange tapes with relatives abroad.The seuences ` echo ' a favored time . Not particularly interesting musically but a historical ` gem ' . I transferred it to NTSC format ; then the soundtrack to Cassette & CD -LRB- with ` Synthesized stereo/Surround ' sound , as the tape is Monophonic -RRB- . Recently I 've made a DVD+R transfer , since a ` commercial ' release is n't available . Good stuff - for fans!!Edd.iegolden@shaw.ca
 This is a movie that you should pop in your VCR when you want to remember Syd and the old 60 's movemente . The thing that I hated about this movie , is that apart from being a Floyd movie , everybody is focused on John Lennon , if people want to see John Lennon they should buy other movies , not this one . This is Floyd and it 's sacred .
 This review is for the Pink Floyd London 66/67 combination two disc DVD/CD set.Quite good , in fact . But viewers should be aware this is not the `` Tonite Let 's All Make Love In London '' movie . It is a combination of filmed portions from that movie , with complete uncut versions of The Pink Floyd performing , `` Interstellar Overdrive '' and `` Nick 's Boogie , '' both from the movie 's sessions , and a second audio disc with remastered versions of both tunes . The DVD includes interviews with Mick Jagger , Michael Caine and others , possibly from the original film -LRB- I have n't seen it -RRB- and Allen Ginsberg reading his poem whose title the movie bears . The CD has about an EP 's worth of material , and the DVD lasts long enough to make you feel you 've watched something . Both tracks are unique , that is ; not album tracks , even though as every Pink Floyd fan knows , a plethora of releases of these tunes are available . The advantages of having this are the DVD and the superior sound.If you 're not sure if this version is the two disc edition , try entering `` Pink Floyd 1966 '' in Amazon 's search box . That will bring up specifically the two disc set . I ca n't tell whether this edition includes the audio-only disc , so I must conclude it does not . You could also write the seller and ask .
 I 've seen nearly everything with syd barrett most bootleg and this is by far the best put together pink floyd movie ever . it has everything london could offer in 1967 including john lennon , if you like syd barrett at all it 's a must have
 This is Pink Floyd . A bunch of guys messing around and producing some wildly creative music . I 'd only recommend this to big Floyd and Barrett fans because half the fun is seeing some of the clubs and shows they played that you 've read about in their books and biographies .
 The only reason I give this video 4 stars is because of its duration -LRB- approx 30 min . -RRB- Otherwise , it is a definite 5 . What sets this tape apart from other Floyd videos is the Syd Barrett factor . Syd Barrett was a founding member of Pink Floyd who took way too many drugs , forcing him to make an unfortunate early departure . In the early days , Syd was the driving force of `` The Pink Floyd '' . This video is an excellent collector 's item , and it is definitely a `` relic '' . On this tape , Pink Floyd psychedelically jams , performing the music of `` Intersteller Overdrive '' and `` Nick 's Boogie '' .
 This is not for people who try synchronizing `` Dark Side of the Moon '' with `` The Wizard of Oz '' . Nor is it for those who think `` Comfortably Numb '' has a `` kick - -LSB- bottom -RSB- solo . '' Nor is it for those expecting live concert footage of Syd Barrett with the band -LRB- although there is a little without sound -RRB- . It 's mainly just shots of Floyd in the studio jamming on `` Interstellar Overdrive '' . The visuals are terrific . In one scene , it shows us rare footage of a Yoko Ono exhibit in which a model has her clothes cut off by scissors . A very interesting look at a very interesting era . However , at just under a half hour , the film leaves much to the imagination . This might be worth it just for footage of Syd , which is hard to come by .
 This is the real thing . This is what the fuss was all about.This is The Pink Floyd , prior to their first record contract , in a studio , in late 1966 . This is the band that blew the Beatles and the Yardbirds away at London unground clubs like Roundhouse , before the media attention , before the Games For May , before their first hit single . This is the unedited footage originally released in shorter length on the 1968 Documentary Film `` Tonite , Let 's Make Love In London . '' Bootleg sound recordings of this circulated for several years in the mid 1980 's before the film saw release on videotape in the late 1980 's , the orginal unedited footage started quasi-legitimate release shortly thereafter . This material has been subsequently released in a myriad of different editions and formats since then.It is amazing that we even have this ; so much of Syd Barrett 's original incarnation of The Pink Floyd was undocumented , unrecorded , that a handful of radio and TV appearances -LRB- that were often lip-synched -RRB- in 1967 and a few alternate or previously unreleased studio tracks -LRB- a few of which were legitimately released 2 years ago on the `` Piper At The Gates 40th Anniversary Edition '' -RRB- are about all that survive to document the original Pink Floyd phenomena . -LRB- Find the rest of them through bit-torrent websites on fan-made and remastered compilations like `` Have You Got It Yet '' Vols . i & 2 , and `` What Syd Wants . '' -RRB- If you are a post-Atom Heart Mother fan of the band , you might not fully appreciate the performances herein , they 're not The Wall , or even Dark Side Of The Moon , they 're a short snapshot of a blazing , groundbreaking group of artists who shook the ground and lifted their thunder to the heavens in London 's nacient psychedelic community , making music and sounds that the world had never heard before . But if you are , and you have n't seen this footage yet , you owe it to yourself to lay down a few of your hard-earned shekels and step 42 years back in time and hear the real , original , Pink Floyd experience .
 This archival video is certainly a must for ANY PF devotee or anyone interested in Psychedelic London circa ' 66 - ' 67 . Pink Floyd 's brilliant -LRB- and tragic -RRB- founder Syd Barrett loomed large at this period -- setting the groundwork for a brand-new movement in Brittish -LRB- and American -RRB- Rock . Unfortunately for Barrett , his stint on the world stage was all-too brief -- yet his indelible legacy is no doubt secure . This rare footage is priceless -- capturing the ambiance of an era -- and the fervency of a major directional change in a fluid art form . It is truly heartrending for those die-hard -LRB- and ancient -RRB- Floyd fans -LRB- myself included -RRB- to see Syd again -- in those long-gone halcyon -LRB- and hallucinogenic -RRB- days of the UFO Club -LRB- and other celebrated venues -RRB- -- to see him at the height of his youthful brilliance -- and make NO MISTAKE about it , HIS was a monumental genuis -- well before the unfortunate return of the schizoprenia that dogged his existance -- brought on , no doubt by the maximum consumptions of acid he was famous for taking . Sadly , the `` Vegetable Man ' became , in the end ... just that . It 's a shame . All of us who grew up in that era nonetheless have an abiding affection for Syd -- and his remarkable work with Pink Floyd . We will always love him . This tape is more than just nostalgia -- it provides an opportunity for some of us to revisit an old friend -- and musical master . Why only four stars and not five ??? Simple -- the tape shouldve been LONGER in duration . It 's THAT historic .
 KUNG FU RASCALS is one of those rare gems you used to be able to discover with some regularity in the early days of made-for-video releases . Co-written , produced , directed by , and accidentally starring Steve Wang , RASCALS is a delightful parody of Chinese martial arts films with a spoonful of the Three Stooges added for good measure . What sets it apart from others of its ilk however , is the film 's fantasy element made possible by Wang 's mastery of his real art which is special effects and make-up . He has worked with the best in the field , Rick Baker , Stan Winston , Dick Smith , and his credentials include films such as EVIL DEAD 2 , PREDATOR , ALIEN RESURRECTION , BATMAN RETURNS , and DEVIL 'S ADVOCATE.Of course Wang is n't the only one connected with this neglected flick to have an interesting resume . As you might expect , the other contributors to makeup and effects also have turned out to be successful in their field too . Eddie Yang has worked with both Academy Award Winners Rick Baker and Stan Winston . Some of the more recent Winston films have included INDIANA JONES 4 , IRON MAN , and WAR OF THE WORLDS . He 's done character design sculpting , painting , the whole schmeer , as has Norman Cabrera who has worked for Spectral Motion , KNB , Optic Nerve , and KNB , as well as Baker . His films include HELLBOY , DUSK TIL DAWN , KILL BILL , and X-MEN 3 . Perhaps the briefest and most interesting resume belongs to Les Claypool singer and bass guitarist for the alternative rock band Primus . You just never know who 's gon na show up in these obscure flix , do ya?The York Video release -LRB- which has been changed from the original film -RRB- begins with a narrator who informs us that once upon a time in a faraway land there was an evil warlord known as the Bamboo Man whose power lay in a strange item known as the Sunstone Map of Kowloon , which resembles nothing so much as a large gingerbread man , and as long as he retained the Sunstone the Bamboo Man was invincible . One night one of three noble warriors , Chen -LRB- Steve Wang -RRB- , stole the Sunstone . As our story begins , the infamous mad monk Raspmutant is forced to break the bad news to the Bamboo Man who is n't very happy about it.Our three heroes Chen Chow Mein , Lao See -LRB- Troy Fromin -RRB- , and Reepo -LRB- Johnny Espiritu -RRB- are on a sort of quest to find the Power Most Big , a quest that everyone connected with RASCALS hoped that would take them into at least one more film , if not a tv series . In the meantime in THIS film Raspmutant has set the Sheriff of Ching Wa County -LRB- Les Claypool -RRB- after them . Eventually with the aid of his two fawning , effeminate sychophants -LRB- Dar-Ling and Ba-Foon -RRB- as well as a pack of ninja , the sheriff does manage to capture and torture Lao Ze in a rather amusing manner . But the big guy wo n't break . Of course not ! He 's a real hero with his own theme song and everything!Well , I could tell you more . I could tell you about the witch , the cute little snake in the Old Wise Guy 's hovel , and the battle between the two giant Stone Gods , or about the really good martial arts action ! Honestly ! These are the best fight scenes you are ever gon na see any make-up artist anywhere do ! I 'm not kidding here , folks . Steve Wang , Johnny Saiko , Les Claypool , and Moto Hata , who plays all the ninja who get killed , have all had some previous martial arts training and it shows . More importantly they know how to stage fight scenes for the camera . I can think of at least one well-known martial artist back in the 1970 -- 80 's who finally got a starring role in a film . The bad news was that he chose to stage the fight scenes himself and he had no experience at all in this are and they came off looking like s ** t . That is definitely NOT the case here.So in conclusion , in KUNG FU RASCALS we have a charming little martial arts fantasy/comedy with some wonderful prosthetic creature make-ups down by extremely talented professionals on a shoestring budget , and at the same time some very impressive action sequences performed by people who are not primarily martial artists . All of this was shot on week-ends over a 10 month period on a $ 40,000 budget . Wang financed the film himself , ponying up half of the money on his own and borrowing the other half from his father . I truly consider movies like this to be little miracles . Its a wonder they ever got made at all . But I 'm so happy that they did.KUNG FU RASCALS : Written by Steve Wang and Johnny EspirituProduced by Steve WangDirected by Steve WangStarring Steve Wang , Troy Fromin , Johnny Espiritu , Les Claypool , Ted Smith , Aaron Sims , Wyatt Weed , Matt Rose , Mike Deak , Mike JollyCREATURE EFFECTS UNIT : Steve Wang , Eddie Yang , Norman Cabrera
 I worked on this movie as a volunteer for a couple of shooting days , so I am biased with my five stars . Steve Wang was a friend of a friend who worked on many of the creature effects . I knew about 1/2 of the people in and behind the movie , including the director , Steve Wang . I must say that watching this movie again brought back many memories from over a decade ago . Of course , I knew many of the inside jokes , etc. , but this movie is funny whether you knew the people involved , or not . The last I heard , Steve Wang was still somewhat interested in a sequel . Keep your eyes open ...
 I rented this movie by accident one day a few years back and my Wife and I have never laughed so hard in a movie . It take 's ` B ' movie Kung Fu to a never before seen level of camp and fun .
 Bought this for my younger brother as a birthday gift . It made his year ! The tape was just as described , and came - very - quickly . We had n't seen this movie since the 90 's . It 's still just as funny and ridiculous as we remembered ! Especially love the clown wig torture ... ha !
 got this as a joke gift on vhs almost ten years ago . it became a staple at parties with friends instantly . everyone loves it . wore the tape out , had to come here to get the dvd . five stars , easy . highly recommended .
 This movie has just about everything in it . from giant stone gods battling one another to mutant monsters running around . I rate this movie 4 stars for one reason . it has no ending to itand as far as I know there are no other movies that were made . I 've looked but have not seen any . I guess this movie is a stand alone movie .
 This features Primus ' Les Claypool as the Sheriff in a funny kung-fu movie that pokes fun at the genre all together , including Bruce Lee ! I 've seen this over 12 times , then my local video store sold it before I could buy it . I have n't found it anywhere -LRB- its been 8 years since then -RRB- , needless to say I 'm a happy camper !
 This is a weird , yet entertaining , movie . Little wonder it 's a cult classic.There 's oodles of Kung Fu fighting , the characters are hilarious , its got drama , its got comedy , it 's got action ... this is a movie that has just about everything ! And for a low-budget flick the make-up , costumes and special effects were great.Some parts might be a little cheesy , but this movie did start out as a trailer which got out of hand and became a spin-off of Kung Fu movies , therefore its supposed to be cheesy . You ca n't have your Kung without the cheese!I found the ending was n't as good as I would 've liked , but other than that this was a hilarious movie .
 Wow ! I feel I can safely say that this is the greates movie of all time ! This film -LRB- actually a film trailer that got out of hand -RRB- combines the costume design skill of Steve Wang -LRB- P -RRB- with an intense dose of pun-slinging martial-arts madness ! There is a small but loyal following for this movie , and I have even run across a religion based on Kung-Fu Rascals ! Wow ! I highly recommend this movie to anyone , but be willing to watch it a couple of times before judging it -LRB- I just passed my 200th viewing and I 'm STILL recieving new bits of greatness every time I watch it ! -RRB- .
 This movie , made against all odds , is one of the best parodies of the martial-arts collection of movies I have ever seen . It also has one of the best , if not * THE * best fight scene I have ever witnessed . A warning to all though , you have to be ready for the overwhelming puns and sight-gags or you will not be able to survive it . One would expect nothing less from Mr. Claypool !
 It is so great that I want to install the Interactive Multimedia DVD in my new PC but seems it does n't work with Windows Vista . Did anybody solved this problem ?
 The set of 5 tapes arrived in an insulated box but the tape box itself hada dent in it . That first tape on that side of the box had split in two onthe plastic . I did write the company about it and they answered very quickly and said to send the tape back and they would replace it . My husband decided he would try to clue the broken piece . Fortunately itworked so we decided to forgo the mailing back of the tape . The outer boxthat this set was mailed in was not dented and we think that the box withthe tapes was damaged before it was put in the mailing box . Accidents dohappen and it would not prevent me from ordering again from this company.Rosamond S.
 and sisters . One realizes how alike we are andwonder how we could have persecuted our Jewish brothers for the past 2000 years .
 I thought the documentry was thought provoking , and set a good example of what documentries should convey -- `` the facts '' -- minus `` too much '' so-called `` perspective '' . I took an amature film-making class years ago , and as much as I like classic films ; it is always super to view `` factual '' documentries -LRB- minus the `` revisionist '' approach to manipulating the facts ! -RRB- The legacy of the relative time factor puts adequate perspective on such `` factual '' documentries . It 's NOT a regular movie after all -- it 's a `` review of historical facts '' . ... Thank you for the great books , and service you provide at Amazon.com . : -RRB-
 ok i love history about our poeple wich is the jews and i love this movie i 1st saw this on t.v wow and it is not just arbarbs kid !!!!!!!!!!! ok u are wrong about that and it tells what you need to know
 This DVD is a re-issue of a 9-hour mini-series that first aired in the 1980s , and was recently -LRB- Nov-Dec . 2001 -RRB- aired again on PBS . Each segment is 1 hour long , making it a useful tool in history classes covering many different periods . Since the `` history of civilization '' textbooks rarely mention what the Jews were doing in the 1900-year period between the rise of Christianity and the Nazi Holocaust , this series plays an important role in helping to make the curriculum more inclusive . Plus , The DVD version has a lot of additional resource materials not in the original PBS series.Regarding classroom appropriateness in public schools , this is a documentary , not a `` religion '' series . Yes , the series does talk about religion in some places , but it 's called `` Civilization and the Jews '' for a reason . To be Jewish is not just a `` religion , '' it is also a culture , with its own art , music , literature , etc. . The approach is a mix of history , theology , archaeology , art , architecture , etc. that is intended to inform , not preach . The series clearly shows how Jews have contributed to the various civilizations where they lived , and how , in turn , the Jews benefitted from interaction with many of the different cultures where the Jewish communities were located . Yes , it also covers the pesecutions of the Jews , but it 's well-balanced with positive experiences and events . Highly recommended !
 WOW ! This is an incredible set to have . The DVD is a reprint from a PBS special in 1984 -LRB- Peabody winner , at that -RRB- . Abba Eban is an incredible , captivating speaker . My only problem is that there is so much information , I can only watch about two hours at a time . This is a must have whether you are Jewish or not . The series pulls together world history unlike any class I took in college . The addition of the DVD-Rom with tons of maps , historical documents , and video clips is awesome . It has answered most of the questions I had , and let me view a moving graphical history by sliding the scroll bar . Super buy for a history buff !
 This nine-part documentary is not only a history of the Jews , it 's a history of the western world ! Hundreds of thousands of dollars were probably spent in the production of this series . Abba Eban takes the viewer all over the world to examine one of the world 's most gifted and intriguing people - the Jews . These tapes will not put you to sleep . The music and images allows the viewer to relive Jewish history . And consequently , come to understand the world we live in today much better . I know the tapes are pricey , but own this documentary if you ever have the chance . You 'll never regret it .
 It takes 9 hours to watch a complete set and it worths it . It interesting that my 6 years old daughter was watching some parts with me and we both enjoyed . There are a lot of reasons to watch the program . First , it gives a good overview of the western civilization from sumerians . Second , the quality of the material is superb . You 'll see a lot of beautiful places around the globe . Third , you 'll learn about the jews.Some things are quite surpising . The program is focused on dates , places and events . It tells you what happened and where but not much about why . Also it does n't tell much jewish religion or traditions . If you want to know about jewish holidays , what kosher is etc , you 'll need to look for other sources.Overall , it 's a great history program !
 Abba Eban was not only the most accomplished and articulate of all Israeli diplomats , he was also a person of immense learning and intelligence . Had he wished he could have taken a different road in life and become like his close friend , Bernard Lewis , a great scholar . Instead he made a certain sacrifice and devoted his life to the cause of helping the Jewish state come into being and survive.This nine - part series is not concentrated on Israel but rather is a survey of Jewish civilization . Eban tries to show us how Jews interacted with the surrounding world , both learning and giving to the larger native socieities . From Babylon and Egypt to the Western Civlization of the present day Eban relates a story of a small people 's long journey and meetings with others.This is an illuminating survey and will give anyone who wishes to know more about Jewish life and history a real opportunity to do so .
 It is a story from ancient mythological times to modern day environment of a race of aliving biblical religion
 Have had this product for several years , but did not really look at it until I was teaching Jewish history at my synagogue 's religious school last year . Not only is Abba Eban a scholar of history and a master narrator , I found out that the product is more than just some DVDs that you insert into a DVD player . The entire DVD narrative , along with supportive articles , maps , and other information can be installed on a computer , which made it extremely easy for showing to my students . I was able to pick specific points of importance to show to the students , for emphasis . The product turned out to be a lot more than I had anticipated !
 These DVDs are my favourites of all documentaries I own , and among my top five favourites of all documentaries I 've seen . Abba Eban makes the history of Israel interesting and even , at times , fascinating . The footage on each and every DVD is sometimes captivating , other times stunning , and rarely boring . I learnt so much history and culture of Jews and their civilization , history , and religion from these DVDs . The Jews are one of the foundational components of Western civilization . Without studying their history and culture , you can not satisfactorily know and understand Western history and culture . Plus Eban has a sense of humour that made me laugh on a few instances . He is eloquent and the research behind these DVDs is excellent and was obviously extensive . I go back to these DVDs occasionally , and still enjoy them each time . Expensive but worth the investment .
 Tov Me'od ! Toda raba PBS and Arnold Labaton for this incredible journey into our Jewish Heritage . This is an excellently produced documentary in several series which explores the development of the cultural , historical , social and religious contributions of Jews throughout history . Abba Eban 's narration is stellar . As mentioned , `` using paintings , artifacts , modern cinematography of ancient sites , readings and theatrical music '' presents a dramatic and splendid setting for this `` masterpiece '' . It is presented with all the mellifluousness which we have come to expect from PBS . Bravo !
 There can be no debate
 Plato 's Stepchildren is one of my top four favorite episodes , along with Space Seed , the City on the Edge of Forever , and Mirror Mirror . I 've been waiting a long time for it to be released on DVD and am very happy that it will be soon . It also has historic value in the fact that the first inter-racial kiss on national television took place in that episode . Do n't let overly sarcastic commentary spoil your fun !
 Plato 's Stepchildren Aliens with ESP powers control the TOS crew . It is somewhat unfair ... I never got to kiss Uhura.Wink of an Eye ... We know Kirk likes fast women . This time he gets one in hyperacceleration .
 I absolutely love this episode ! Of course , this may have something to do with the fact that I 'm a huge Spock fan , and love to see him act more human , which is rare . But there are also a lot of other great things about this episode . It 's really fun , although you should probably watch it twice if you want to experience the fun in the silliness as much as possible , since you 're worrying too much the first time about whether they 'll ever get out ! And , of course , the show itself took great strides with the showing of the first inter-racial kiss , between William Shatner and Nichelle Nichols , not to mention the one shared by Leonard Nimoy and Majel Barrett ! But that 's really what Star Trek is all about , is n't it ? `` To go where no one has gone before ' and in this episode , they did that with a lot of fun involved .
 Both of these episodes share one thing in common
 This was purchased for my son - he has all the episodes , but has to replace &#34; worn out &#34; ones periodically . Thanks
 Which does n't really say very much given the `` quality '' of the majority of the episodes of this season . Still , in the first episode which closely resembles the `` Squire of Gothos '' from Season 1 , we get `` superior '' beings who become intoxicated with their powerful telekinetic powers and become living proof of George Orwell 's famous pronouncement in `` Animal Farm ''
 You know , when it comes to big-time over-the-top sci-fi cheeseball , the third season of classic ` Star Trek ' really hits the spot ! In `` Plato 's Stepchildren '' , you 've got Spock dancing the mamuschka around Kirk 's prone body ; Spock showing his ` talent ' as a singing sensation , and some of the more over-the-top Kirkian heavy-handed monologues out there ! Oh yeah , this eppie 's also got a midget ... or is he a dwarf ? I do n't know the diff myself . Maybe I 'll research the contrasts someday , but for now I 'm too lazy , and basically could n't care less . Oh yeah , let 's not forget network prime-time 's first interracial kiss-which was n't nearly as gratuitous as some of Kirk 's other liplocks . G-Rod & Company definitely did their best to make this ` infamous ' moment as subtle as possible!Then there 's ` Wink of an Eye ' , where ol' Jimmers catches the eye of Deela , the comely leader of a race of hyperaccelerated beings . It 's not too bad as far as third-season ` Trek goes , but it does have its silly moments . The over-done ` Jim-gets-romantic-with-the-babe-of-the-week ' plot element is given yet another showing here . In fact , there 's more than kissing going on in this instance - there 's a moment where Kirk & Deela are in his quarters , and he 's putting one of his boots on ! Does that mean ... ? Hmmm .
 I have owned an European edition of this DVD for more than 2 years and I never get tired of watching it.It is a very well researched documentary about the vampire figure . It cover its legend , literature and authors , Vlad Tepes , ancient and modern crimes , some movies , real vampires , and Dr. Les Prince -LRB- Birmingham University -RRB- gives some scientific points of view.Although some of the facts are very well known to the public , it also gives the perspective from different cultures and countries.I like the editing , since sometimes , the narrator voice stops , and some actors playing little roles introduce the information.If you like vampires you 'll probably like it . Maybe you can discover some good books to read of which you have never heard about ...
 I found this video very informative even for a man of my mature years . I can not say I learnt much , but still found it very informative and not the least obtrusive . The video was easy to view and is a video you would have no fear in showing someone close to you , as it explained the facts of the information it was reviewing . I would have no hesitation in informing others that it is a video well worth obtaining , especially for younger married couples .
 This makes me want to have sex everyday with my wife . After watching the dvd we know have the hottest most pleasurable sex ever ! MUST BUY ! - Horny bastard
 When 20th century operatic history is written , there will be certain interpretations that writers will say stood out and must be counted as the greatest of their time
 Being a great fan of Beverly Sills , I have listened to all of her recordings . She was a brilliant Violetta -LRB- Traviata -RRB- and a powerful Lucia , but the role of Queen Elizabeth I in Donizetti 's ROBERTO DEVEREUX was , in my opinion , her greatest achievement . This live video performance is gripping . Her singing is superb and her acting is inspired . She IS Elizabeth , in all of her glory and her despair . Many have compared her performance to that of the great Bette Davis as Queen Elizabeth and I would agree with that judgement . This is the paramount performance of Sills ' illustrious career .
 Beverly Sills is great in this DVD . Her fiery , nuanced , totally believable performance of Queen Elizabeth makes up for her out-of-prime singing . She is incredible . She conveys stage magic to the audience . Her movements are perfectly calculated , but seem completely spontaneous on stage . Sills is truly a national treasure . This role is very difficult , but Sills pushes her voice bravely to meet its insane demands . Yes , her lower register is very weak , but she is very adept at using it effectively .
 This DVD , also available on VHS , was filmed in 1975 at the Wolf Trap Festival . Stars the incredible soprano Beverly Sills in the role of Queen Elizabeth I of England , tenor John Alexander as the title hero Roberto Devereux and bass baritone Richard Fredericks as the villainous Duke of Nottingham . The opera is a collector 's treasure of opera and a must have for fans of the diva Beverly Sills . It is undoubtedly her greatest performance . She began to sing the role in 1969 and took the world by storm through the early 70 's , impressive not only for her ability to sing so demanding a vocal role , but also singing all three Tudor Queen operas of Donizetti - Anna Bolena and Maria Stuarda were the other two that preceed Roberto Devereux . In the mid 70 's , the medium of television and film was beginning to reach the opera crowds . Joan Sutherland did it in the 80 's and opera films such as the 1979 Don Giovanni starring Kiri Te Kenawa and Raigero Raimondi was becoming popular . Beverly 's other opera films , taped performances for the Wolf Trap and for the New York City Opera include Jules Massenet 's Manon , which is possibly her second best performance next to this . Also available is Donizetti 's Daughter Of The Regiment sung in English , Rossini 's Barber Of Seville and Verdi 's La Traviata . All worth the purchase.The part of Queen Elizabeth in this opera is as vocally difficult to sing as Norma of Bellini 's opera . Although the part calls for a dramatic , big voice , Sills proved to the world that a light instrument can be trained to dramatic heights . She is on fire as the Queen , all passion , from love in the aria `` L'amor suo '' to coloratura spectacular in `` A Ritorno Qual Ti Spera '' . In Act 2 , her soft romantic side fades as she discovers that Roberto Devereux , the object of her affection , loves another woman , Duchess Sara -LRB- sung by the mezzo soprano Susan Marsee in a superb performance -RRB- . The Duke of Nottingham , previously a friend and loyal supporter of Robert Devereux , become jealous also when he learns of his romantic link with Sara , his arranged wife . He , together with the Queen and the entire court , conclude Act 2 with a fiery ensemble `` Va La Morte '' that totally brings the house down . Beverly Sills is at her strongest in this dramatic act , as she rages in majestic fury and orders his death sentence . In the last part , she regrets her rash decision and attempts to save him , but it 's too late . Devereux is executed and Queen Elizabeth begins to die that very day , as she mourns and laments with bitterness the final arias.This is Beverly Sills at the height of her career . She earned a cover in Time magazine for this performance . She looks back and remembers the Golden Age that this was for singers like her . Currently , recordings of Beverly Sills which have long been LP albums are finally making it into the compact disc market . Available now are `` Beverly Sills The Great Recordings '' , `` The Art Of Beverly Sills '' `` Plaisir D'Amour '' `` Sillsiana '' `` Lucia Di Lammermoor '' `` La Traviata '' `` Manon '' `` Tales Of Hoffman '' `` Barber Of Seville '' `` Rigoletto '' `` L'Assedio Di Corinto '' `` Ballad Of Baby Doe '' `` La Fille Du Regiment '' and the opera in which she sang Cleopatra which launched her career in ' 64-65 Handel 's Julius Caesar . Check them out . You will fall for the voice of Beverly Sills .
 If I were forced to choose only ONE of my opera-DVD and Video-collection I 's choose this one without another thought . I 'm a history-buff and knowing the story of Elizabeth I. pretty well let me tell you that Sill 's presence equals that of the divine Glenda Jackson , the actress who played Elizabeth I. in BBC 's highly acclaimed mini-series `` Elizabeth R. '' -LRB- R. stands for Regina -RRB- !!!! Add to this a woman who 's BURNING up the stage with her thrilling voice ! Beverly once said that this Elisabetta cut off at least 5 years of her career . But WHAT a performance this is !!! Beats Edita Gruberova EASILY . If you love opera and great singing RUN to buy this and be drawn into history !
 In 1975 , about four or five years after Beverly Sills first performed the feisty Queen Elizabeth in New York City 's Opera , she once again dazzled audiences at the Wolf Trap Festival . Performing with her that night was John Alexander in the tenor role of Robert Devereux , Susan Marsee in the mezzo-dramatic role of the Duchess Sara and Richard Fredricks in the baritone role of Nottingham . Julius Rudel conducts . He is an esteemed and long-time conductor , who has worked with Beverly Sills before in such operas as Anna Bolena , Manon and La Traviata . Julius Rudel has excellent power as a conductor , with thoughtful precision and dynamics that fuel the orchestra to dramatic heights . From 1969-1975 Beverly Sills was busy expanding her originally light lyric repertoire to the dramatic intensity of such operas as Roberto Devereux , Lucrezia Borgia ands Bellini 's Norma . Many opera critics note how Beverly 's transformation from light `` head '' voice to the heavy `` chest voice '' cost her career to be shortened . But Beverly has herself admitted that it was worth it . And this Roberto Devereux performance proves that it was indeed worth it.Susan Marsee has worked with Beverly Sills before . There are studio recordings of Offenbach 's Tales Of Hoffman , one of Beverly 's favorite operas , in which Susan Marsee sings the role of Nicklause and the Muse . Susan Marsee is primarily a mezzo soprano but shows signs of soprano lyricism . As the Duchess Sara , the secret rival to Queen Elizabeth - they are both in love with the same man Roberto Devereux , Susan Marsee potrays an anguished and long suffering Elizabethan lady of the court . She has been married out of sheer convenience to Nottingham and her love for Devereux we assume has never been consumated . Susan Marsee 's first aria , sung in unison with the chorus of ladies of the court is heavy with sorrow and suffering.Beverly 's first aria , the Queen 's `` L'amor suo me fe beata '' follows the same kind of tender romance , as the Queen is hopeful that Devereux loves her . She is a lot more festive in spirit in the coloratura showcase `` A ritorno qual ti spera '' . When Devereux first makes his apperance , John Alexander kneels before the Queen who makes it quite clear she loves him . Note the slow string section which plays , further enhanced in their duet `` Un tenero core '' . Their relationship , nonetheless , is a rocky one , for the Queen suspects Devereux loves another woman . Although she point-blank asks him if he loves another , he lies to her by saying he does not . The intensity of the fast-paced duet `` Un lampo orribile '' is very indicative of the tense , dramatic chemistry between Queen Elizabeth and Devereux , which is the real fire in the opera.I feel sadly that John Alexander is not suited in this performance for the role of Devereux . Originally , Placido Domingo sang the role . He created a standard that most tenors tackle . Domingo has the perfect romantic heroism and the voice . Not that John Alexander does not have `` the voice '' for Devereux but he simply puts little effort into his performance and his effiminate , Cowardly Lion looks make him inappropriate as Roberto Devereux , who should come off as very masculine but tormented and torn between duty and love . Also the prison scene is very generic and unsatisfying . Baritone Richard Fredricks is also very wooden in this performance and does not provide much of the drama . He is supposed to play a villain . He betrays his best friend Devereux and practically carries out the execution himself once he discovers it is Devereux whom his wife Sara truly loves.The reason for getting this is Beverly Sill 's powerful performance as Queen Elizabeth . In white make-up , heavy Elizabethan regial wardrobe , imperious poses and in her dramatic soprano voice , Beverly became the real Queen Elizabeth in what could pass for an Oscar winning opera performance . She landed a cover in Time magazine in November of 1971 . From her facial contortions , raging screams -LRB- mostly expressing her fury in Act 2 -RRB- , pointig her finger in accusation at Devereux , slapping Devereux and her grief and torture after learning he has been executed in the final act -LRB- at one point even pushing Nottingham after learning that he is most responsible for Devereux ' death `` Spietato Cor ! '' `` Heartless man ! '' -RRB- . This is Beverly Sills at her best , surpassing all the sopranos who have dared to take on the role of the commanding Queen Elizabeth - Leyla Gencer who started the tradition back in World War II days , Montserrat Caballe who sang the Queen in the 60 's and Edita Gruberova in the 80 's . Even today 's sopranos who take up the challenge of performing as the Queen fail to deliver the same power and majesty with which Beverly Sills infused her unrivaled performance .
 I certainly agree with other customers that this was a great performance by Sills and I enjoyed the supporting cast as well ! The makeup and costumes were unbelievable !! I purchased VHS , found picture and sound excellent . Having a large LD collection ; not anxious to invest in DVD just yet . Certainly recommend this to anyone as a good buy - especially if you also like her `` 3 Queens '' CD set . Only just received and watched once but intend to watch it many more times and look forward to sharing it with my opera friends . Gave it 4 stars only in comparison to other operas that I prefer . The quality of the singing , production and recording are just fine ! A wonderful remembrance of a truly favorite soprano !! I sometimes forget how really great she was ! This video will remind you that she was special and an outstanding singing actress !
 Beverley Sills would have to be one of the greatest singer/actresses to come out of America in all time . The power and range of voice coupled with her commanding stage presence leaves one spell bound . Having seen her live on stage in San Francisco as Massenet 's `` Thas , '' in 1976 , just one year after this present recording , however , both rolls quite different as chalk and cheese , the flirtatious character of the courtesan Thas to the powerful dramatic roll of Queen Elizabeth I , Queen of England ; shows us just how great a performer Miss Sills is . Her supporting cast is equally capable of keeping up with her . Susan Marsee as Sara is both striking and in total control of her character and voice -LRB- even if the cover shows Richard Fredricks in the roll . I think he had better stick to his original roll as Nottingham , Sara 's husband -RRB- . Once again I must mention that John Alexander in the title roll of Roberto Devereux , has not been a voice that I admired . I felt it far too thin and his high notes rather strained , but matched against Miss Sills he manages to stand his ground and give a commanding performance . The Duet Roberto has with Sara in Act I , scene 2 `` Tutto &egrave; silenzio ... Dacch&egrave; tornasti , ahi misera ! ... Ah ! quest ` addio fatale '' is beautifully sung and one of my favourite pieces from the opera.Richard Fredricks as Nottingham , Sara 's husband has a powerful voice and stage presence he brings to his character . The rest of the cast are adequate and make this a memorable performance . My only real criticism of the production is that a couple of times the characters go off mike and there was a loss of volume and clarity of voice , but apart from that , this is an opera well worth adding to your collection apart from it 's historical state but to see one of America 's greatest opera stars at work .
 This superb DVD of a live opera performance from New York City is not just specialized only for fans of opera and soprano Beverly Sills -LRB- who achieved her greatest success with the role of Queen Elizabeth I , picture in Time Magazine 1971 -RRB- , but for fans of quality drama on DVD . Opera has been downplayed in recent years . The younger generations of the 90 's are not acquainted with the magic sound world of opera . It is foreign to them , it is intimidating and the myth and stereotype that opera is elitist and boring prevails . My mission , through a precise and detailed review of this particular opera on DVD , is to share my passion as a vocal coach and music teacher for the noble human art of opera and to get a lot of people into opera who would otherwise turn it aside.Beverly Sills , the American opera star who was born in Brooklyn and works exclusively in her hometown as chairman of the Met , reached the peak of her career in her portrayal as Queen Elizabeth I , in the otherwise obscure Donizetti opera , Roberto Deveraux . The bel canto opera had powerful drama lurking beneath the text in the libretto . Like so many other bel canto operas , including Donizetti 's Lucia Di Lammermoor , it was considered romantic tragedy , fluff , a showcase for dramatic/coloratura soprano with no meaning or substance . But the revivals of Donizetti operas by the singers Maria Callas , Joan Sutherland and Montserrat Caballe -LRB- who effectively portrayed Lucrezia Borgia -RRB- , the otherwise neglected operas were rarely performed . Beverly Sills , in my personal opinion , despite the criticism of being simply a lyric coloratura soprano with signs of weakening vocal stamina in dramatic roles , was a varied , artistic , gifted singer and actress . It was her combination of beautiful singing and effective acting that made her the equal to Maria Callas -LRB- I do not treat Maria Callas religiously and only favor some of her performances -RRB- . Beverly Sills ' dramatic portrayal in Roberto Deveraux can be likened to a Shakesperean heroine . She is regial , overbearing , imperious , romantic , jealous , remorseful , melancholic , in that order . The story is quite well known . It was said that Queen Elizabeth loved Robert Deveraux , Earl of Essex , her naval commander and favorite lord of the court . But after his military involvement in Ireland , he returned with accusations of treason against the Queen . In the Donizetti opera , the personal romantic triangle is the true reason , and his execution is spurred on by the Queen 's jealousy . The Queen loves Roberto deeply , to distraction , one recalls the 30 's Bette Davis film performance in The Private Lives Of Elizabeth and Essex . The Queen might have given him the throne had he not infuriated her . Her love is demonstrated in the lyricism of the aria `` Un tenero core '' and in the coloratura techniques of her aria `` A ritorno qual ti spera '' , as well as her duet with Roberto , `` Un lampo , un lampo orribili '' . Deveraux does not return the Queen 's love , and is instead hopeful he will consumate his love to the Duchess Sara . Act I introduces the love triangle and the romantic side of the Queen . Beverly Sills fires up the audience with her powerful presence - her white-roughed face , her tall and regial character , showcased in her costume , an Elizabethan royal gown that weighed quite a lot , and the slightest movements of her imperious hands.A direct contrast of the Queen 's soft side comes in Act 2 . Once hearing Deveraux has betrayed her , it becomes not merely a political thing , but a personal one . Deveraux has lied to her and loves another woman . `` Un perfido ! Un vile ! Un mentitore ! '' she rages , in scales that resemble Bellini 's Norma , also jilted by the man she loved
 Beverly Sills is the queen of opera . There is no other soprano in the twentieth century other than Maria Callas who could master a variety of roles with vocal beauty and great dramatic performance . Her career was short lived , after singing operetta and a utility singer in her home town of New York she had two children with impediments that she raised and later a cancer operation . She had enormous versatility on the stage ; singing first Cleopatra in Handel 's Julius Caesar , Violetta from La Traviata a reported 54 times , Manon , the three heroines from Offenbach 's Tales of Hoffman , the three Donizetti Queens including Anna Bolena and Maria Stuarda , Lucia Di Lammermoor , Norma and several others . If you are familiar with the three reissued recordings of the Tudor Queens trilogy by Donizetti , you are also aware that Sill 's performance as Queen Elizabeth was her crowning achievement . This DVD is a jewel to watch and a pleasure to hear . Opera lovers and fans of Beverly Sills will enjoy as we watch her fiery performance . Queen Elizabeth becomes jealous when Deveraux , the man she loves and her naval commander , takes an interest in another lady of her court . She orders his execution on grounds of treason but only we know her decision was far more personal . This performance earned Beverly Sills a cover on Time magazine , she was hailed worldwide for her vocal mastership and she is still loved and talked about even to this day . Presently she is the chairman at the Met in New York and has discovered many great opera singers performing in our time . See for yourself the great passion that Donizetti was full of when he composed this magnificent opera . Five Stars . Long live the Queen of Opera !
 Simply said , Beverly Sills revived this opera which , until she made it into her signature role , had not been sung in NYC for 125 years . This DVD documents not only her amazing voice , but her peerless skills as a true singing actress . I am so glad , and saddened at the same time , that it also stands as a testament to the glory of what was New York City Opera , and that it preserves performances by in-house stars such as John Alexander , Susanne Marsee and Richard Fredricks , along with Julius Rudel 's masterful conducting . I was privileged to see the entire `` Queens trilogy '' several times , and I am sorry there is no filmed record of Sills ' `` Maria Stuarda '' -LRB- which I own with Dame Janet Baker -RRB- or `` Anna Bolena '' -LRB- Nebretko is fine in the role -RRB- . I am proud to own this DVD , and I know you will too .
 It was 1969 when Beverly Sills first astounded the world in her incredible performance as Queen Elizabeth in Donizetti 's `` Roberto Devereux '' . A sold-out audience at the New York City Opera witnessed the one time light opera singer transform herself into England 's fiery Queen Elizabeth . Performing Devereux that night was Placido Domingo . In the November 22 1971 issue of Time magazine , she made the cover and the issue featured a full-length article about `` America 's Queen Of Opera '' . That was Beverly Sills at the height of her career and the role of Queen Elizabeth was her crowning achievement.She continued to sing the Queen throughout the early 1970 's as well as the other Donizetti Tudor Queen operas - Maria Stuarda -LRB- Mary Stewart -RRB- and Anna Bolena -LRB- Anne Boleyn -RRB- . These performances were made for studio recordings and have been reissued on cd from their original LP 's available now at Amazon.com . The recordings are amazing and Beverly 's Queen Elizabeth is in much better vocal shape since it was a 1969 - 1970 recording . About five years later , Beverly Sills once again took the throne as Queen Elizabeth when she sang Devereaux one last time for the Wolf Trap Festival filmed and live performance that is on DVD and also on video . As is to be expected of any singer past their prime , Beverly does not sing with the dynamic power she first had in '69 or ' 70 . Nevertheless , she took care of her vocal instrument well enough to sing the Queen one last time in ' 75 . She is seen here in full glory - acting and singing in a very blissful combination as true dramatic opera . From the moment she makes her entrance to her court and greets the long suffering Duchess Sara -LRB- Susan Marsee in a lovely performance -RRB- we get to behold the same powerful drama that the first audiences saw back at the New York City Opera at the start of the 70 's . Dramatic tenor John Alexander sings the title role of Roberto Devereux and pulls through well in the role , though he can never live up to the standard of Placido Domingo . The real `` meat '' of this opera is the intense relationship between Roberto and the Queen . Roberto 's heart belongs to Sara whom he never had the chance to marry . Sara is married to Nottingham -LRB- baritone Richard Fredericks -RRB- a court marriage arranged by the Queen herself . The Queen is clearly in love with Roberto but frustrated that she can never have him . Pure drama and raw emotions abound in most of her showcase arias - Act 1 's tender `` L'amor suo mi fe beata '' , `` A ritorno qual ti spera '' which sparkles with dazzling coloratura and her duets with Devereux `` Un tenero core '' and the fiery `` Un lampo orribile '' . Act 2 ought to be hailed as opera 's greatest single act . Devereux has been trialed in court and is sentenced to death on the Queen 's orders . Beverly 's chest voice , which she pushes down and sudden screams are used to provide the effect of raging fury as Elizabeth discovers that Devereux does not love her and she has an unamed rival . When Nottingham discovers that it 's Sara whom Devereux loves , he has a change of heart and turns on his friend . He now loathes Devereux and favors his execution . The most powerful moment is toward the end of the act . Be strikes a majestic pose , holding the scepter and the royal orb and orders Devereux 's execution . `` Va La Morte Sul Capo Ti Pende '' ensemble ensues with each character expressing their emotions.The final act has the Queen 's heart-felt arias `` Vivi Ingrato '' and `` Quel Sangre Versato '' in which the Queen laments and mourns for Devereux . The rousing finale is treated with applause and an immediate curtain call follows . Julius Rudel , who has conducted for Beverly 's operas before conducts this opera with real passion , pace and elaborate skill , the orchestra playing with superb string articulation . There is no question about it . This is the must have opera for all opera lovers . It 's a treasure worth owning . The majesty and tragedy of Roberto Devereux can be yours to watch time and again and the greatest singing-actress of our time Beverly Sills can appear on your DVD with real strength .
 Overview
 A fine musician friend asked me about opera singers and aging voices and I said the voice is just part of it . I told her for example I have several Devereux videos with singers much better than Sills at this point in her career and yet hers is my favorite . Yes , she 's screechy and wobbly on higher notes , singing inconsistently ... but her characterization is sooooooo intense the well sung ones -LRB- Caballe , Nicolescu -RRB- are tepid by comparison . Alexander needed to be younger vocally . He was quite good much earlier but is just OK here . Fredericks takes the vocal honors singing magnificantly . Just his singing is worth the whole video .
 Roberto Deveraux presents England 's Queen Elizabeth I in a different light than most English history books . The opera , written by Donizetti an Italian composer , portrays her as a woman starving for love and jealous for one man she thinks could love her . Beverly Sills presents a magnificent projection of her in this image . Her role is clearly a colorotura role and her voice , particularly in the closing aria , magnificently projects a woman lamenting her life . This opera is rarely performed in the US and I think this is so because of the plot rather than the music . A good buy and a good watch .
 For those who would no more look at an opera star than stare at a radio , this performance is sure to disappoint . The primary problem is that Sills , for whatever reason , is not in her finest voice . Anyone who listens to her earlier recording of the role , or who was lucky enough to see her in her heyday in it at NYCOpera , will immediately hear that something is awry . Nevertheless , hers was from its conception a complete performance , from stance to requisite facial expression in every scene , and though she had done better in the part , it 's better to have this four star version than none at all . What we have here is great acting in operatic melodrama , though the diva 's voice is faded , much like a worn , though rich , tapestry .
 Do n't listen to the lies that Sills ca n't be heard on this DVD . They are bashers who are jealous of Sills ' greatness smudging out her contemporaries . And THAT is the truth . Why else would they go to lengths to bash all of Sills ' greatest roles and films ? I myself have a copy of this SUPERB performance , and I can hear everyone very , very well . Did I just happen to have a `` good copy '' ? Well , my local library has a copy of this DVD , and it 's the same , just as clear and loud . And of course , Sills ' performance is so fiery and dramatic that one gets completely taken into the story , feeling her rage , angst , and despair . There is NO ONE and no other performance that can come within a mile of this dynamite performance ! This is most definitely 10-star material , A + + + . Ignore the ignorant bashers and witness Beverly Sills ' art for yourself !
 The performance is great but the sound is definitely less than CD quality -LRB- the sound mix is somewhat muddy -RRB- . Also , there are long stretches of singing with no subtitles so it might help to have a libretto handy if you really want to follow every word .
 Sills is absolutely amazing in this Roberto Devereux . She most certainly can be heard . I am one of the few that think that Sills had a large voice . Listen to many of her recordings and the sound she emits is lyrical but the sound is huge . Many times my ears have pinged when I listen to her singing . No other singer has done that for me . It 's trumpet toned , not as rich as Sutherland 's but not as heavy or droopy . She 's not as fresh as she was on her recorded performance , but the voice is larger here , perhaps a bit shriller . She is thoroughly magnificent . Listen to her last , somewhat shrill and wobbly Gilda -LRB- I still love the portrayal -RRB- and you will hear an absolutely PERFECT Lady Macbeth . What a shame we had to miss out on that.The rest of the cast is very good . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 A must for all opera lovers . Sills is riveting , her singing is superb and her acting beyond belief . The rest of the cast does a fine job . Sills makeup is astounding .
 NOT a `` Customer review from the Amazon Vine tm Program -LRB- What 's this ? -RRB- '' - Instead it 's a review by someone who actually seeks out , watches , and knows quite a bit about the subject ; not just someone who responded to some kind of offer in a genre they otherwise know little and care less about ! Since SO many `` reviewers '' of the initial volume of this series seemed totally unfamilliar with what this is :1 -RRB- It 's adapted from a manga by CLAMP . -LRB- Anyone attempting to review it should at least be familliar with both the terms `` manga '' and `` CLAMP '' . -RRB- 2 -RRB- The Japanese group of female manga artists CLAMP are noted for their distinct-yet-varying artistic styles ; therefore the characters in xxxHOLiC are NOT deformed - they 're SUPPOSED to look the way they do to stress the unreality of the world they inhabit . Since in the respective manga xxxHOLiC and TSUBASA - RESERVoir CHRoNiCLE occupy parallel and connected storylines , and therefore share not a few characters , they naturally also share similar character designs .3 -RRB- That connection so far plays no part in the current adaptation of this particular series ; but IS a feature of Funamation 's so-called CLAMP Double Feature that combines two short theatrical versions of both xxxHOLiC and TSUBASA in a set containing a pair of DVD 's . The manga includes frequent references/homages to most of CLAMP 's previous works as well .4 -RRB- Since xxxHOLiC -LRB- pronounced `` holic '' -RRB- deals with the supernatural , its color palette is naturally dark and somber , with designs of both characters and backgrounds reminiscent of those in CLAMP 's X. 5 -RRB- Likewise , the `` too-cute -LRB- also annoying -RRB- bouncy stuffed-animal-like object '' , as one reviewer described Black Mokona , is a character who will be very familliar to the legions of fans of the manga and anime of CLAMP 's Magic Knight Rayearth and more recently , TSUBASA series . Mokona 's antics here need no further comment ; except maybe , `` Puu ... `` 6 -RRB- Although hardly an acceptable `` role model '' due to her drinking , smoking , and apparant listlisness , the Dimentional Witch Yuko is a typical representative of the colorful and distinctive characters which inhabit most CLAMP works . Her relationship as mentor to Watanuki is somewhat reminiscent of that between the equally unorthodox Icchan and Misaki in CLAMP 's Angelic Layer .7 -RRB- Watanuki 's incessant over-the-top whining , though admittedly annoying , is an important part of his character and serves to further distinguish him from his `` opposite '' , the stoic Doumeki . It 's not at all different from the frequent and equally violent verbal outbursts of Hideki Motosuwa , protagonist of CLAMP 's Chobits , who is also in the habit of talking to himself like Watanuki does.This 4-episode volume furthers the relationship of Watanuki as a `` part-time employee '' at Yuko 's mysterious house/place of business . One night he discovers that it is not only spirits he can see that others can not when he happens across an oden street shop run by a father-and-son pair of foxes . The familliar tale of the Monkey 's Paw is retold when it becomes obvious that just about any artifact may turn up in Yuko 's `` treasure warehouse '' . Yuko shows a more up-to-date stylish side of herself as she goes forth to help a young woman `` cure '' a bad habit most of the readers of this should identify with . And Watanuki gets his own first `` client '' in the form of a demanding rain sprite . -LRB- Though as usual it 's Yuko who gets the payment ! -RRB- As a CLAMP fan of long standing , I 'm so far thoroughly enjoying the rather lesiurely journey through this latest of their magical worlds !
 wantanoki has his hands full more than ever sence he entered yuko 's shop to work , to pay for his wish , now with spirits , stories and gossip flowing everywhere an his love for himawari , and his hatered for domaki . can he somwhow conquer his fear of the spirits , and fix all the troubles in his life with the help of yuko in it.XXXholic second season dives into more complex situations such as addictions , ghost stories , demon sprites , and murder . it is sheer entertainment . it continues to thrill and chill you to the bone . complete your collection today with all six !
 I was very satisfied the product and the speed I received it I would do business with them again , I was very satisfied
 This is pure clamp !!! Ties in with Tsubasa its clamp counterpart . Be amazed and even chilled by this dvd .
 I started buying the xxxHolic dvds because I absolutely love the manga . The anime seems to stray a little from the order in which the events are told in the books , and some relatively minor details seem to have changed ; but nothing to complain about in my opinion.Overall , I enjoyed it very much . I think that the casting is good -LRB- Japanese vocals only - I usually do n't watch the dub -RRB- and fit the characters pretty well . Does a pretty good job of capturing what I like about the visual styles and effects that CLAMP utilizes so well.My only major complaint is that there are not enough special features on the dvd . There are clean op and ed -LRB- I think -RRB- and a scene gallery , but I have come to expect , quite frankly , more behind the scenes stuff like cast interviews and creator commentary as in Cowboy Bebop or Suzumiya Haruhi releases -LRB- to name just two -RRB- Overall I 'd say a fan of the story will enjoy , and a newcomer to the world of xxxHolic will want to stick around for more .
 I first found out about XXXHolic when I was offered it by the Amazon Vine program . I received the first DVD collection . I also have many students in my class from China , Korea and Japan so I was already getting more exposure to Manga than I have ever had before . So since I enjoyed the DVD , I started buying the Manga books , I had also found Suki Volume 1 in a used book bin and enjoyed that series too . Now I am a XXXHolic nut who has read all 12 volumes out right now and of course , I need the DVDs too ! This collection was quite good and I enjoyed every minute of it . It gets better when you have read the Manga too . I highly recommend this series . It 's wonderful and turned me onto Clamp and Manga .
 Tonight as I was going through the t.v. I noticed that the movie Legion was coming on and since I had never seen the movie before I thought I would watch it , and I was very happy that I did , it turned out to be one of the best movies I have seen in a long time , this is a great movie and it really keeps you guessing about who is the killer , infact I guesses almost everyone to be the killer , until they got killed -LRB- lol -RRB- except for the killer , I mean it was the last person I had ever excpected , when i found out that the movie was only going to air one more time this month and that was two hours after I watched it , I had to rewatch and recorde the movie . Plus the movie had Corey Feldman , who I had not seen in a movie in a long time , and he did a great job , he played a computer nerd and he was scared of everything and his Charachter seemed so real , I belive that he did one of the best jobs acting in this movie of most any actors !! I would tell everyone to watch this movie just once and i am sure that they will have to watch it again and again !
 Interesting how 4 reviews are split right down the middle . The thing to understand about movies like these is that they ca n't afford the studio special effects and production values . Good B-movies are made by their story and script and this one crackles . I saw it on the same weekend that `` Species 2 '' came out and I felt this one -- done on a shoestring budget -- was much better . A fun , fast moving space mystery .
 It as everything I thought it was I enjoyed very much . I like movies that I can watch more than once and still enjoy them
 Thrilling , delightful B-movie which defies the limitations of its budget to create an unforgettable viewing experience .
 This is a good movie , its a cult classic and I belive anyone who is into Sci-fi movies should really watch this movie , Corey Feldman gave a great performance and I love every minute of this movie !!
 Although this video is not a live performance , it is a collection of what are the best songs from their catalog.It has Ian Astbury and the band in their prime , and they deliver the goods MTV style.Songs performed are as follows
 This is a great set of 3 videos . A ton of interviews and videos from Lita Ford , Bang Tango , Axl Rose , L.A. Guns , Iron Maiden , Motley Crue , Skid Row , Poison , Cinderella , Faster Pussycat , Mike Monroe , Winger , Femme Fatale , W.A.S.P. and many more .
 After finally seeing the `` For The World Is Hollow ... '' for the first time ever , all I can say is
 Those who exnay Star Trek 's 3rd season obviously did n't watch all the episodes thoroughly . `` World is Hollow ... '' is a great story with McCoy falling in love after being diagnosed with a fatal illness . `` Day of the Dove '' is one of the best Klingon related stories in Trekdom ... with Michael Ansara as Kang . Great SFX thoughout the story , plus our first look at the Klingon women .
 `` For the World Is Hollow ... '' is a hackneyed plot - a Star Trek staple plot , for that matter - but well done . The Enterprise encounters an asteroid that is n't an asteroid - it 's a hollow , artificial planet , carrying the descendants of a distant race to their eventual new home , run by a computer that overdoes its protective job of caring for them and has gone a little megalomaniacal . The high priestess of the artificial planet - who , like her people , does not know she is inside a hollowed out asteroid , or that her god is a computer - takes a fancy to Dr. McCoy , who has recently discovered -LRB- will the cliches never end ? -RRB- he has only a few months left to live , and as a result accepts her proposal of marriage and retires from Starfleet service to spend his final days with her . Needless to say , Kirk and Spock have to rectify the entire situation . The episode is nicely produced , for how -LSB- inexpensive -RSB- it is - the entire third season was -LSB- inexpensive -RSB- - and Kate Woodville is endearingly naive and regal as Natira , the asteroid-planet 's priestess/McCoy 's new bride . The sets and costumes are quite attractive and colorful . `` Day of the Dove '' is great fun , more for its cast and the gusto with which they perform their roles than for the story itself . Kirk and Co. find themselves lured by a fake distress signal to a planet where only a half dozen Klingons survive . The Klingons blame the Federation for having lured them to the same planet with a fake distress signal , and killing most of his crew . After Kirk gets them safely rounded-up and under guard aboard the Enterprise , all hell breaks loose
 Volume 33 of the Star Trek DVD series contains two of the third season 's flawed yet decent episodes . Both episodes suffer from Star Trek 's third season syndrome but nonetheless are classics.FOR THE WORLD IS HOLLOW AND I HAVE TOUCHED THE SKY finds Kirk , Spock and McCoy venturing to the Yonada planet -LRB- which is really a space ship on a collision course with an asteroid -RRB- . The oracle which is a relentless computer controls the ship and it must be stopped to save the good people of Yonada . Meanwhile McCoy discovers he 's suffering from a disease and only has a year to live . Upon arrival on Yonada , McCoy meets up with Natira -LRB- Kate Woodville -RRB- and falls in love . This episode marks the first time McCoy ever brushed with romance really . You would think it would be more of a landmark episode but it is n't really . Mainly cause this plot was done before and way better on THE PARADISE SYNDROME . A nice enjoyable episode but nothing to special here . Average at best.DAY OF THE DOVE probably should have been a terrible episode of Star Trek because of it was one of the cheapest Star Trek episodes ever produced . However strangely it ended up being one of the third season 's most popular episodes . Probably cause of the presence of Klingons and the fact that most of the episode is packed with action and fighting scenes . The appearance of Mike Ansaras as Kang the Klingon Commander also boosts this episode 's status . However DAY OF THE DOVE suffers from a weak plot line . The idea of a bizarre entity feeding off the hatred of Humans and Klingons is kinda far fetched and the ending of this episode is utterly weak . Although it is a classic and a enjoyable show with Klingons and action and all , but when you get down to the nitty gritty this is an average episode of Star Trek at best.Overall a nice collection but not really classic . Both episodes are totally watchable though and DAY OF THE DOVE is actually a favourite of many . The appearance of Klingons almost always set the stage for a good Star Trek episode . Highly recommended !
 Perfect for a student project or just pure enjoyment . I loved it!Saletag
 Douglas MacArthur -LRB- 1880-1964 -RRB- was one of America 's greatest generals . He was the youngest person ever appointed as a Major General , held positions as Superintendent of West Point -LRB- 1919-22 -RRB- , Chief of Staff for the Army -LRB- 1930-35 -RRB- , Supreme Commander of the Allied Powers -LRB- 1945-51 -RRB- , and Commander in Chief U.N. Command in Korea -LRB- 1950-1 -RRB- , and was 7 times Silver Star recipient , and a Medal of Honor winner . He was so popular among the people that he was strongly uyrged to run for President in 1952 , but he refused.A personality as big as MacArthur needed a star as big to portray him . Up until 1977 MacArthur had been played by Dayton Lummis -LRB- 1955 -RRB- and Henry Fonda -LRB- 1976 -RRB- , and subsequently by Laurence Olivier -LRB- 1981 -RRB- and Daniel von Bargen -LRB- 1995 -RRB- . But it was only Gregory Peck who did the job right.Gregory Peck is a film icon , ranked # 12 on the AFI list of Greatest Male Actors . He won an Oscar for `` To Kill a Mockingbird '' -LRB- 1962 -RRB- and was nominated 4 more times -LRB- `` Twelve O'clock High '' , `` Gentleman 's Agreement '' , `` The Yearling '' , `` The Keys of the Kingdom '' -RRB- . He was nominated for an Emmy in 1998 for the TV film `` Moby Dick '' for which he won the Golden Globe . He had two other Golden Globe nominations -LRB- `` The Boys from Brazil '' , `` MacArthur '' -RRB- . He made 57 films , starting in 1944 . Nicolas Coster -LRB- 1933 -RRB- plays MacArthur 's aide . Coster works mostly on TV and is probably best known as the Chancellor from `` 3rd Rock from the Sun '' -LRB- 1998-9 -RRB- . He had a recurring role on `` Santa Barbara '' -LRB- 1984-93 -RRB- along with Marj Dusay who plays MacArthur 's wife in this film.Marj Dusay -LRB- 1936 -RRB- is primarily a TV performer , Dusay was nominated twice for an Emmy -LRB- `` All My Children '' and `` Guiding Light '' -RRB- . Ed Flanders -LRB- 1934-95 -RRB- plays President Truman . Flanders played Truman in a 1976 TV special and won the Emmy . Flanders was nominated 7 times for an Emmy and won 3 times , for this film , `` A Moon for the Misbegotten '' -LRB- 1975 -RRB- and `` St Elsewhere '' -LRB- 1982 -RRB- . Dan O'Herlihy -LRB- 1919-2005 -RRB- plays President Roosevelt . O'Herlihy received an Oscar nomination for `` Adventures of Robinson Crusoe '' -LRB- 1954 -RRB- . He moved easily between TV -LRB- `` Twin Peaks '' , `` Colditz '' -RRB- and films -LRB- `` RoboCop '' , `` The Last Starfighter '' -RRB- . The film is directed by Joseph Sargent -LRB- 1925 -RRB- . Sargent has 8 DGA nominations for his work on TV and won 3 times -LRB- `` Kojak '' , `` Something the Lord Made '' , and `` Warm Springs '' -RRB- . He also had 9 Emmy nominations and 4 wins . Sargent has made nearly 100 films , but mostly TV movies . For the big screen he made less than a dozen films , including this film and `` Jaws
 Over all this was an excellent film . Many of General MacArthur 's idiosyncrasies were brought to light through Gregory Peck 's portrayal of the General 's professional life . However , in order to better understand General MacArthur , and the points highlighted in this film , I recommend that you read `` America Caesar '' first . There are some historical inaccuracies , such as President Roosevelt handing him a `` McArthur for President '' campaign pin and President Truman complaining about MacArthur making him wait to be received . However these cinematic liberties do not detract from the overall film . One thing that the film failed to properly demonstrate was General MacArthur 's extraordinary personal bravery . As with most great men , the general public misunderstood him and relied upon the tainted opinions of news-writers and columnists of the day . This film does strike a type of a balance between the varying camps of opinion . I highly recommend this film to anyone interested in the lives of great men and World War II .
 Beautifully filmed , but MacArthur , an epic American general , should have been a 3-hour film instead of the 130 minutes they sliced it into . I kept sensing they had cut scenes . Fux pas
 This was a good movie , it could have been a great movie but it fell short in a couple places . The performance by Gregory Peck was great -LRB- almost in George C. Scott league but not quite -RRB- . The performance by the supporting actors was not bad , especially the guys that played Truman and Roosevelt.I think where the movie fell short was that it seemed too jumpy . The scenes of his battles -LRB- both military and political -RRB- seemed short . There did n't seem to be closure on the battles other than jumping to the next battle to be fought . I 've never seen the uncut version , so I do n't know if that 's addressed there . It seems like this movie would have been better served with another hour at least.I would have to say my favorite aspect of the movie was his warning as he was fired . Namely that you should never tell the military to fight a war of half measures . Also , that Congress should n't shirk its responsibility by not declaring war .
 Nothing like making &#34; Dugout Doug &#34; look his finest and brightest . My uncle served directly under him and while some of the movie is true , a lot was left out . If anyone bothers to read a &#34; good &#34; book about MacArthur , you will see what I mean . Do n't bother with the book entitled , &#34; American Caesar &#34; by William Manchester published in 1978 , it also is just a pontification of Doug . Do n't get me wrong , he was and still is considered one of our greatest generals , but if you delve deep you will find that a lot of his problems were of his own making and his ego got in the way of quite a few things . However , the movie is a good romp through a war in the style of both John Wayne and John Ford .
 Those that are interested in General Douglas MacArthur , and admire his qualities of courage and fortitude , will find this film fascinating ; it is beautifully filmed , with marvelous re-creations of the mid 20th century , and the battle scenes are very well done.The speeches alone are a glory to listen to , full of passion for `` duty , honor , and country '' , and the words are so exquisitely crafted they are like the finest prose.The film starts and ends in MacArthur 's beloved West Point , on a blustery day , as he speaks to the cadets , and is among the many memorable scenes ; others are the landing on Layte , and the signing of Japan 's surrender , on the USS Missouri in Tokyo Bay , which is a fabulous re-staging of the historic event.Gregory Peck gives a monumental portrayal of MacArthur ; it is nuanced and brilliant , and from the old film clips I have seen of General MacArthur , subtly captures his posture and movement , with his many different pipes . This film is one of Peck 's best , and it 's sad it did not have more critical acclaim , as I feel it certainly deserved it.Other terrific performances come from Marj Dusay as his wife Jean , Sandy Kenyon as General Jonathan Wainwright , and Ed Flanders as President Truman is quite exceptional ; tough , gritty , and angered by MacArthur.An excellent score by Jerry Goldsmith and cinematography by Mario Tosi complements the well-paced direction by Joseph Sargent . If it has a flaw , I feel the film makes too much of the publicity loving aspect of MacArthur 's personality . Yes , he liked to use the media to his advantage , and most people who make history feel the same way no doubt ... otherwise it is a fairly balanced depiction of one of the great men of the 20th century.It is interesting to speculate what would have happened had General MacArthur been able to do what he thought was right , and not the `` capitulation '' and `` immoral compromise with evil '' he felt he was forced to accept . Perhaps over time millions of lives would have been saved , but I 'm sure many would argue otherwise.Total running time 130 minutes . `` A soldier above all other people , prays for peace , for he must suffer and bear the deepest wounds and scars of war '' .
 The 1977 film `` MacArthur '' is well aware that there were two sides to the controversial military leader Douglas MacArthur , and you can almost see the makers of this film flipping a coin to decide which side Gregory Peck gets to show in the next scene . On the one hand there was the brilliant military strategist and leader who directed Allied forces in the Pacific against the Japanese in World War II and for the first half of the Koran War . On the other hand that was the vain and egotistical man who selected official photographs with as much care as he plained invasions and attacks . Most of the credit in this film goes to Peck 's performance in making these two diverse sides fit together for the most part.The contrast between the two is probably best captured in two scenes involving Major General Jonathan M. Wainwright -LRB- Sandy Kenyon -RRB- , who was left behind in command of the Philippines when FDR ordered MacArthur to get to safety in Australia . Even though he promises MacArthur he `` will be here or I 'll be dead , '' Wainwright is ultimately forced to surrender and MacArthur goes off the deep end , insisting that Wainwright has gone insane and heaping invective on the man 's name . Later in the film , on the day the Japanese signed the articles of surrender on the U.S.S. `` Missouri , '' Wainwright arrives , a gaunt figure after years of captivity in a Japanese prison . MacArthur embraces Wainwright warmly , brushing away all apologies and assuring the man he can have his Corps back as soon as he says the word . MacArthur remains the same man , unconcerned by the obvious contradictions of his nature.Director Joseph Sargent frames this biopic with MacArthur 's famous speech to the cadets of West Point , where he extols the virtues of `` Duty , '' `` Honor , '' `` Country . '' Beyond a brief look back at his early life and military career , the story of the film begins with the general and his besieged forces in the Philippines . But throughout the film we are supposed to hear those words `` Duty , '' `` Honor , '' `` Country '' resonating . MacArthur is forced to leave the Philippines , but he vows to return , and he does . The UN forces are almost forced off the Korean peninsula , but MacArthur retakes it all before the Chinese get involved . MacArthur is able to force FDR to go with his plans , but finds Harry Truman unwilling to go along , thereby ending a distinguished military career of over half-a-century . Which sides comes out ahead ? The ways Sargent tries to balance the two sides gets pretty interesting . Both Roosevelt -LRB- Dan O'Herlihy -RRB- and Truman -LRB- Ed Flanders -RRB- have their pokes at MacArthur , while it is a pair of his Japanese adversaries who speak to his military ability -LRB- scenes that are reminiscent of the Germans doing the same thing in `` Patton '' -RRB- . The Presidents give the general credit for his military endeavors , but those accolades are buried beneath the verbal ripostes ; on the political side the rebuttal comes from actual film footage of Republican Senators -LRB- e.g. , Nixon of California -RRB- supporting MacArthur and blasting Truman . Even stranger , MacArthur 's aides are forced to play it both ways . On the one hand they are doing everything they can for the general 's public relations , but then there are also times when they basically roll their eyes at what is coming out of MacArthur 's mouth.In the end , MacArthur is not only redeemed by Peck 's performance , but by having the final two scenes of the film be the famous pair of speeches MacArthur delivered when he returned to the United States . The first was the `` The Old Soldiers '' speech given to the Joint Session of Congress and the other the speech to the cadets . When you have a character who has been saying some pretty stupid things from time to time throughout the film and then allow him to reach such flights of oratorical elegance , it is hard not to end on his side of the ledger . `` MacArthur '' is not enough to allow anyone to make a reasoned judgment on the man and his career , but it should be enough to inspire those who are interested to go read some books that can provide you better evidence for really making up your mind .
 The 1977 film of MacArthur is worth watching for the towering performance of Gregory Peck as General Douglas MacArthur . Peck considered this one of his favorite roles and fought with the producers over the screenplay and editing of the film -- and fought he should have because those very flaws kept this movie from being a great film.MacArthur lead a long , dramatic and heroic life during World War I , World War II and the Korean War . As a vain and brilliant military genius who believed in his own destiny , the movie focuses on the decade 1942-1952 . The film feels like MacArthur 's greatest hits
 The movie `` MacArthur '' , played by the great Gregory Peck , mainly takes place between the years 1942 through 1952 , from MacArthur as a four star general to when he ` retires ' in the wake of Eisenhower 's presidency . The movie takes you through MacArthur 's historic events
 This movie about the military carreer of General Douglas MacArthur from 1941 to 1953 is a very good one . You may like him or not but it not important . You may agree or disagree with his decisions but he has taken them . He was a great general and he was sure that he was always right . So , look at one of the mightest general of the U.S. Army . Is is a very good movie .
 I watched this film as part of TCM 's Salute to Gregory Peck , one of the greatest actors ever to grace the screen . He was great in the two versions of `` Moby Dick '' -LRB- as Ahab in the 1956 Version , and as Father Mapple in the 1998 USA Miniseries -RRB- , and was excellent in `` To Kill a Mockingbird . '' As for this film , Peck put his heart and soul into his portrayal of one of history 's greatest military generals
 Peck is excellent . The quotes from this movie coupled with the Ed Flanders 's portray of Harry Truman , coupled with the accuracy of the film historically make this probably my all time favorite film . and the darn thing is on back order ! Fudge .
 The FULLY RESTORED version of `` MacArthur '' is here and it is NOW on DVD ! Not as strong as `` Patton '' , but still intriguing . The complete war campaign of MacArthur ... starring Gregory Peck in the leading role . From his first campaign in the Phillipines to his final battle in Korea . Indeed ... you shall return to this DVD & see this movie over & over again . Truly delightful .
 This is a good movie , very informative about MacArthur . I would have liked to seen the 2hr 40min trade screen version because a lot of interesting events have been omitted from this movie that occurred in real life . All in all , its refreshing that at least some people remember the greatest General of the United States ever . His positives and negatives are portrayed in this movie very straightforward . Hollywood has seemingly forgotten about the war in the Pacific against Japan . In the past few years tons of movies have been made about the European theatre with almost zero about the Pacific . MacArthur , the Army , Nimitz , the Marines , and the Pacific and their conflict relationship is quite interesting . I would love to see something to that effect on the big screen -LRB- not holding my breathe -RRB- .
 This movie , starring Gregory Peck , follows the military career of General of the Army Douglas MacArthur from early 1942 during the fall of the Phillipines to his relief by President Harry Truman in 1951 . Very little of his personal life is covered and the movie focuses on a small period of time in his career.Gregory Peck gives a fine , professional performance in his role as MacArthur and the movie itself is well-acted and directed in general . Locations , special effects , cinematography and score are all quite good.The movie itself gives a portrayal of MacArthur as both brilliant military commander and vainglorious ego . The movie , while not especially fair to MacArthur , at least does allow the viewer to see his military brilliance and hear his often brilliant oration . The movie recounts MacArthur 's use of `` island hopping '' strategy to cut off and isolate significant Japanese forces rather than fight them at a high cost in casualties . MacArthur is presented as essentially a `` benevolent dictator '' during the postwar occupation of Japan . The DVD moves on to Korea where MacArthur 's Inchon invasion is a brilliant and bold operational move which is negated by the Chinese invasion - which everyone , not just MacArthur , did n't see coming.The best scenes in the film are when Gregory Peck is able to convey the deep emotions of MacArthur at beginning and end of the movie speaking to cadets at West Point , coming ashore at Leyte and addressing the Fillipino people he loved as well as his visit to a POW camp for a long-awaited reunion with survivors of the `` Death March '' and a tearful reunion with Gen. Wainwright.The movie handles his conflict with and eventual relief by President Harry Truman in the standard fashion - which is to say , overwhelmingly from the Truman point of view . Truman was often vindictive and petty , relieving the Chief of Naval Operations , Admiral Louis Denfeld in 1948 over public disagreement regarding naval budget cuts . He even demanded the resignation of his own Secretary of Defense over a minor issue . Truman could tolerate little to no disagreement and often acted rashly in temper tantrums.Although the movie presents events in a less than fair fashion , the movie itself is not completely one-sided and it is certainly a well-made and acted film . I give this DVD four stars .
 Great movie , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . . ... '' '' ' '' ' '' '' ' '' '' ' '' '' '' '' '
 This movie is well-made , and presented well . I had no personal liking for General MacArthur , and my feelings were enhanced by the presentation of his super-ego overiding vast military experience .
 Even though this is an older movie it shows how determination and sticking to principles can win the day . The product arrived on time and in good condition .
 The movie was a great classic and I enjoyed it . I feel I really learned a bit more about WWII and General MacArthur 's role . The movie was packaged well , shipped promptly , and arrived with no damage . The movie was a great value , better than if I had purchased locally . I received free shipping and no tax .
 Gregory Peck is at his best in his portrayal of MacArthur . I do n't think any other actor could have done a better job in this movie .
 If you enjoy Gregory Peck 's movies this is one to get . My parents were born and raised in Guam and to hear their stories during the Japanese war was just heartbreaking .
 Very pleased in service and product . Product was shipped quickly and was well wrapped . It is always nice to have this kind of service .
 This is a movie that fits in any time . So many movies that were made before all the technological advances are disappointing when viewed today . This movie is current and never gave that feeling of `` it would be good if ... '' Gregory Peck IS MacArthur . Since I grew up in this time , it all seemed very real . There are a few missteps in weaponry and equipment that did n't come from this period , but unless you 're really into these things , it is n't a problem . This is a must see movie .
 Ok , it is hard to live up to George C. Scott in `` Patton '' , but this is a worthy effort by one of my favorite actors from the past , Gregory Peck . I feel that the storyline is closer to fact than some parts of `` Patton '' were , as they , including Francis Ford Coppola , were a bit inventive in that movie , to say the least . MacArthur brings out the complexity and hypocrisy in this flawed , but very talented commander , who ultimately was a much more important person in the US Army before , during and after WWII . He was arguably the most powerful US military leader ever . An enjoyable film .
 This movie not only depicts the historical points of WW2 , in reference to Gen. McArthur , but includes the emotions of the man , making it a very personal human touch . Outstanding screenwriting and actors make this a `` movie to own . '' I definately recommend this movie to all who love history .
 THIS MOVIE WAS MORE DOCUMENTARY ... . DEALING WITH THE LIFE STORY/HISTORY OF THE GENERAL SHOWING HIS LIFE ... I WOULD HAVE LIKED THIS MOVIE SHOWING HIM DOING BATTLES AS A SOLDIER ... THIS MOVIE WAS DEALING WITH THE MAN SUCH AS THE MOVIE WITH GENERAL GEORGE S. PATTON AS THE MAN ...
 `` MacArthur '' is a thundering triumph of a film , much as MacArthur was as a man . Released in 2001 by Universal Studios , `` MacArthur '' is 2 hours and 10 minutes in length , and stars Gregory Peck as the heroic , egotistical , and brilliant General of the Army and Medal of Honor recipient Douglas MacArthur . Peck 's performance of his role as the great General is not just an ordinary role in an ordinary movie - it is the performance of a career , of a lifetime . It is some of the best acting I have ever seen . And its not just Peck , though he could have easily carried the entire film by himself . MacArthur , with his love of dramatics and delight in being the center of everything , knew no other way . Director Joseph Sargent did a superb job , especially with the aid of the magnificent Jerry Goldsmith as the designer of the movie 's soundtrack . Compared with the books on MacArthur such as `` American Caesar '' , `` MacArthur '' is very short and devoid of many details . But to make a movie that truly told the story of Douglas MacArthur from beginning to end , you 'd have to make a series of four-hour films , not just one that runs half of that . Sargent compressed the story of MacArthur 's career from before Bataan to after Korea very well.MacArthur was outrageously egotistical and dramatic , always wanting to put on a show when he could have done what most people would have called the more sensible or practical thing to do . On one occasion in the film , a GI warns him to stay down while he is visiting a frontline area , noting that his unit had killed several Japanese snipers nearby not long ago . Not disturbed in the slightest , MacArthur nods approvingly and says , `` That 's the best thing to do with them ! '' During the siege of Bataan , he was seen more than once calmly watching the Japanese planes attacking - standing outside the bunkers . This film deserves the same recognition ` Patton ' enjoys , and I confidently rank George C. Scott 's performance in that film and Gregory Peck 's in this one on the same level . MacArthur was a man who could turn the making of a cup of coffee into an epic saga worth writing a play about , and this movie captures that part of him superbly . It depicts his brilliance , his total disregard for the danger the enemy posed , his colossal ego and his incredible skill as a strategist and as a leader . All those remarkable traits build him into a five star general and Medal of Honor recipient as the film goes on , until his becomes this unstoppable force that bowls over the Joint Chiefs , the Red Chinese and North Koreans , anyone who gets in his way . Until he meets with Harry Truman , played by yet another superb actor , Ed Flanders , who when learning of the General 's flaunting his authority and destroying his attempts to establish a cease fire with the Chinese with a ludicrously arrogant ultimatum , declares , `` I 'm gon na fire his insubordinate *** right now ! '' MacArthur , a man who had gotten used to having his way , had finally run into someone who was as stubborn as he was . Relieved of command , he returns to the United States , received by an enraptured and joyous American public . At the conclusion of the film , Peck makes a stunning rendition of MacArthur 's `` Duty , Honor , Country '' speech that is every bit as good as the version done by the General himself.To anyone who is interested in learning about one of West Point 's most distinguished graduates , a man whose incredible brilliance , unparalleled strategic skill , unquestionable courage and colossal ego made and ended his career , I highly recommend `` MacArthur '' . It is truly lamentable that this film is not anywhere near as famous as it should be .
 General of the Army Douglas MacArthur was a great figure in American history , a character who has been tarnished by liberals because of his supposed disobedience to President Truman . His story is truly staggering.If anything , this movie is not long enough nor provides enough connectivity to establish a running narrative . The action -LRB- in the film -RRB- begins in 1942 as the end is nearing in the Phillipines in the face of an invasion by Imperial Japanese forces . One weakness of the movie is that it does n't discuss Mac prior to this point in his life . MacArthur was a highly successful field commander in WWI . He was made superintendent of West Point . He was the controversial commander who sent troops to sweep away the `` bonus marchers '' from Washington D.C. . He was made Chief of Staff of the Army . After he retired from the Army he was made Field Marshal of the Phillipine Army , which was just then being organized . All this and more takes place before the curtain is ever raised.In any case , the movie does follow MacArthur as he is forced to leave the Phillipines and the army under his command to its fate . Once in Australia he discovers that the U.S. government has no intention of attempting to recover the Phillipines . Despite this , MacArthur manages to turn the war in the Pacific around , engineering an offensive which would take him back to the Phillipines , as he promised.Next is the period in which MacArthur served as the supreme allied leader in Japan , working with the Japanese to liberalize and democratize its society . This is an achievement in itself and one hardly ever recognized.Finally is Korea , the conflict that would eventually get him removed from command . The back-and-forth tug between the five star general and the President is well-portrayed and I think is fair to both sides.I thought the acting was done very well and the chemistry of the cast does have its moments . But to really do the subject ustice I think this might have been better as two or three movies .
 `` MacArthur '' has strong ponts and weak points.Strong points :1 . Typically , Gregory Peck gives a great performance .2 . The screenplay for `` MacArthur '' follows a coherent timeline . The story does n't jump around without explanation .3 . The relationship between MacArthur and Truman was accurately depicted .4 . The cinematography was excellent .5 . While the point of view is obviously sympathetic to MacArthur as a soldier , it does not portray the individual as a saint without fault.Weak points :1 . Although the battle scenes were fairly well staged , at one point , some stock footage of a dive bomber dropping its load on target was inserted . The only problem is that the silhouetted airplane is an F4 Phantom , which was n't put into service until the 1960 's .2 . Truman 's reasons for relieving MacArthur were not fully explained .3 . There was little mention of MacArthur 's service prior to Corrigedor .4 . Although MacArthur was portrayed as having the final sayso in strategic operations concerning the Pacific Theater , it was n't necessarily so .5 . Even though the film 's intro alludes to the image of MacArthur as a controversial figure , the screenplay does not adequately follow up on this idea . Even though some light is thrown on his political ambition , MacArthur is portrayed for the most part as someone who , in some other dimension , could have been the CEO of some financial outfit . The MacArthur Peck portrays does not appear to be the rather ruthless individual that at times , MacArthur was.I bought this film because one of the Marines in my unit was an extra in the Korean War sequence , which was filmed at least in part , at Camp Pendleton . He said he carried a BAR and I wanted to see if I could spot him . I could recognize Pendleton , but not the Gyrene.Would I recommend `` MacArthur '' for viewing ? Yes , but it 's not something that I would want to watch again and again and again .
 Gregory Peck is excellent . His acting is superb here . This movie would be incomplete and bad if Peck was n't in it . I admire Gen. MacArthur and am one of his fans even though people call him a crazed general . I think he should have been allowed to finish the job he started in Korea . If he had been given the chance , we 'd not be stuck with a split Korea and a belligerent China . At any rate , this movie is one of my favorites along with Patton of course . Also the visual effects are not satisfactory mostly due to the technological advantages of 1960s . Like the scene where naval vessels are shelling Philippines and MacArthur along with PH president are observing the scene . It 's kinda childish at best but heck , I like the movie . However there are some minor errors in the script -LRB- which I might very well be wrong and plz correct me on that -RRB- : When Gen. MacArthur is planning to re-take Phillippines with Adm Nimitz and FDR , he -LRB- Gregory Peck -RRB- talks about the beach landings in Anzio , Italy . The Anzio happened in Jan and Feb 1944 whereas this talk of retaking Philippines took place in 1943 , months before Anzio beach landing occurred . So there 's one thing that 's debatable.One other thing is where his aide approached him about the plans to drop the A-bomb on Japan and general says something about the biggest invasion of history and he is upset that it is gon na be done by an `` Air Force General '' . Well , duh ! Air Force did n't exist in fact until 1947 . So I am not sure if the wording is correct there . Maybe Army brass referred to army air corps as Air Force . I do n't know but it doesnt ring true . Again , I hope I am wrong . ; - -RRB- All in all , I give this movie a great rating for its superb portrayal of an American hero .
 I enjoyed this film because of Gregory Peck 's portrayal of General Douglas MacArthur . It was powerful and I was amazed by it . The portrayal of President Truman in the film was just as convincing . I think it 's worth watching .
 The case and DVD was in great condition . I am enjoying the movie as it is historically accurate will cherish it on my shelf in my collection !
 This fascinating documentary traces the life and work of one of the greatest painters of the 19th century . Francisco Goya was not only a great artist he was also a visonary whose work displayed a wide range of emotions . His artwork was many things to many people
 I am a big Pulp Fiction fan . A friend saw this movie at an Film Festival and said I would really like it . Its really good . Its like the characters from Clerks were thrown into Pulp Fiction . The acting is good the editing is great , good music and great dialogue .
 bought the DVD first which does not have the same stuff as on the VHS tape . I do not know why they would change it , but it was not as good . So I bought the VHS tape and will be ripping it somehow -LRB- too bad amazon does n't have instant video for this -RRB- excellent video , good quality tape I received , probably only watched 10 times
 A good video . I highly recomend it
 This story is about a young man named Rin . Rin lives with his friend Kaede . Both of them lost their mothers in an accident , and Kaede takes care of Rin 's every need . It looks like they will always be together , until a couple of princesses form other worlds show up and ask him to choose one of them to marry . There is also a classmate named Asa who is gunning for his affections . After things start to settle down a young girl comes from the demon world to live with Kaede and Rin , making everything even more crazy . With all these really great ladies after his attention Rin must choose one , and break the others hearts.This story is very good . It 's a great harem style anime with lots of awesome characters and plot twists . It is also very emotional . The last 6 episodes or so are really heavy . The animation quality and voice acting are also very good in this anime . I enjoyed every minute of it . I hope you do too .
 summer is in full swing with this disc , and poor Rin has his hands full , and his eyes on his bevy of beauties . The first episode has the the entire gang -LRB- Rin , the girls , and Sia 's and Rina 's fathers -RRB- at the beach . With an eyeful of gorgeous girls in swimwear , Rina wanting swimming lessons from Rin , Asa using him as a swimtop , and getting taken away with Sia on a float raft , poor Rin has his hands full . The second episode has Sia and Rin getting together , does the cute god girl have the upper hand over the others . Add the fact that her father is spreading rumors about Sia and Rin getting married , Sia is on cloud nine . But when she realizes that the stories are hurting the others -LRB- especially Rina -RRB- , she asks her mirror what she should do and is shocked to see her reflection returning a self-satisfied grin -LRB- could this be her darker half ? -RRB- . The third episode takes us to the last day of summer school and parallel stories for Megumi -LRB- the flat chested , half-demon girl -RRB- and the teacher Miss Ho . Megumi starts her day by running into Rin -LRB- ebarassing herself in front of everyone else -RRB- , losing her wallet and her unmentionables , and giving a cafe full of people a show . But when Rin shows up to return her lost items she realizes what the others sees if him . Miss Ho starts with with having a heart to heart with a student , tries to get picked up by either Iskie or the King of Daemons , and also gets a message from her mother about finding a nice guy . The last episode has the gang working to finish their summer homework -LRB- and being very distracted by being between Sia and Rina -RRB- , but something seems to be wrong with Remu . When she collapses and the girls do not tell Rin what is going on , the Kings of the other realms decide to tell him Remu 's story and what could be happening . Can Rin convince Remu to return the the realm of daemons , and if so can she return?This series has hit the midpoint and is still bringing on the laughs and the suspense that started in episode one . WIth a little more fan service , some flesh flashing , and more mysteries to uncover , the final two disks will be much anticipated . See you next time ...
 It seems the 1976 film `` Midway '' has somehow been forgotten by time , but the Charlton Heston/Henry Fonda flick is one of the better war films made after `` The Longest Day . '' The film sets out to tell this decisive battle of the early stage of the Pacific war , -LRB- though , like `` Pearl Harbor '' does with the Doolittle raid tends to be a little too eager to play up the signifance of this particular event making bloody battles of Okinawa , Leyte , etc seem to be insignifcant -RRB- using an all-star cast . Though Heston 's character is fictitious , the other major players are all real , and so is the story they 're telling . The Japanese are portrayed as real human beings , not cartoonish buffoons . It 's also interesting to see the supporting players who were unknowns at the time , including Tom Selleck and Erik Estrada.The only drawback is , as another viewer mentioned , the love story involving Heston 's son and a Japanese-American girl . While the `` Making of '' documentary on the DVD explains why they incorporated that story line , it really seems more out of place than a vital part of the story . The same can be said if you torture yourself with the love story scenes that were written in for the network television version with Susan Sullivan.That aside , if you enjoy historically accurate war films , this is among the best .
 There are several versions of this film , which I can recall . The theatrical release , which I saw in ' 76 , contains two short scenes involving the Matt Garth -LRB- Heston -RRB- character 's love interest , played by actress Ann Sullivan -LRB- strangely , both these have been omitted from the VHS release -RRB- . The ABC TV version , which was broadcast in February ' 78 , contains the hour plus `` battle of the Coral Sea '' footage -LRB- this allowed the network to show it over two evenings -RRB- with additional Ann Sullivan material . This was a device used to explain some of Garth 's actions that were not always clear in the theatrical version . Add to this the VHS release , which includes none of the above footage , and you have a very confusing mix to choose from . By and large , this is an excellent film , save that the producer 's did extensively `` borrowing '' of scenes from `` Tora ! Tora ! Tora ! '' . All the main characters perform admirably , particularly Fonda , who does a very convincing and powerful Admiral Nimitz . Sadly , Mifune 's English must have been pretty bad , to have to overdub his dialog while all around him were speaking perfectly -LRB- as a side note , Mifune passed on late last year , well into his eighties -RRB- . Considering all the `` realism '' in today 's movies -LRB- blood , violence , gore and explicit brutality -RRB- it 's a pleasure to see a film that is shown for pure entertainment . I watch the movie whenever I can and never tire of it .
 This move is great . It never gets old , an all time classic that everyone should own . It really takes you back to a time where we were not king and brave men younger than I am faught to the death .
 I love this movie . For quite a while , the National Geographic store at Reagan National Airport played the movie in their store . Since I frequented the airport at the time , I passed many away many hours camped at the store watching the movie . I believe it shows a part of the Pacific Theater of Operations to which most americans are n't aware . That just a few months after the Pearl Harbor bombing , the strategic decisions of Admiral Nimitz and the execution of the plan by the many brave soldiers marked the turning point of the war against Japan.This is another movie that is full of big name actors . If you 're reading this and wondering , yes you should buy it ... your wife said it was ok .
 I hate to say this but im old enough to have remembered seeing Midway when it originally released in theatres.This is a really good movie on the Battle for Midway , they stress the points in the movie of the battles importance and of some of the strategies that each side evolved to fight it.My big problem with the dvd release and the so called collectors edition is that they do not include some very important scenes - yes i realize that the movie has to be compressed for time constraints - such scenes are the one where a young japanese navy reconnaissance pilot confronts admiral nagumo i believe about the error of japan having started a war against the US and the possibility of trying to negotiate a peace with america.The most important scene missing though is the one referenced by commander rochefort about a japanese amphibious operation somewhere south of Rabaul - Coral Sea Area - this was in the original movie release and the full movie with this scene was broadcast on TV . The Coral Sea scene was very important in naval history as it was the Very first encounter between both sides naval air arms in which neither commander would ever see the opposing fleet in front of him . Universal - or whomever has the rights to the film - should release the full version on future releases.I would also like to know why these scenes were cut as they set up the movie for the midway battle and give it more intensity and the more of a feeling as to why the battle was such a great american naval victory.Battle 360
 Just thought I 'd correct an error in another review . This DVD is the original theatrical release , which I saw several times in the theaters in the 70s . There was a longer version shown on television for many years , with extra scenes including the battle of coral sea . Some bits of that additional footage is available on this DVD on the extras menu , but unfortunately not all of it . In any case , that footage was a strange curiosity , as the original release was obviously the director 's true intention . The extra footage ruined the pacing of the film , and although I enjoyed it on TV , it sure did drag after a while . Still , it would have been nice if the DVD package included both the original as well as the TV version .
 This production is very good . However , I have one big complaint
 In June , 1942 , the United States uncovered Japanese plans to invade the island of Midway , located only 1100 miles from the Hawaiian islands . This fine film brings this great battle to life.An all-star cast , including Charlton Heston -LRB- Capt. Matt Garth -RRB- , Henry Fonda -LRB- Admiral Chester Nimitz -RRB- , Glenn Ford -LRB- Admiral Raymond Spruance -RRB- , Hal Holbrook -LRB- Commander Joseph Rochefort -RRB- and Robert Webber -LRB- Admiral Frank Jack Fletcher -RRB- turn in fine performances as the men who would ultimately win the battle and turn the tide against the Japanese . The Japanese actors do a fine job as well portraying such officers as Admiral Yamamoto and Admiral Nagumo.The battle scenes , especially the American dive and torpedo attacks against the Japanese fleet , are excellent . Real battle footage is also included , and if you watch close enough , you may even see some scenes from `` Tora Tora Tora '' in the footage.One part of the film that I did n't care very much for was the love relationship between Matt Garth 's son Tom and a Japanese/American girl . I felt that this was unnecessary and did n't really contribute anything to the movie . Overall , however , I thought this was an excellent film . The battle scenes are top notch , and the attention paid to historical fact is evident throughout the film , right down to Joe Rochefort 's smoking jacket and bedroom slippers.I 've seen this movie several times on VHS , but this was the first time I saw it on DVD . The widescreen format made me feel like I was in the theater . I highly recommend this fine war film . Watch this film and experience the turning of the tide in the Pacific .
 I had purchased to original Midway DVD release about 2 years ago or whenever it was and was very disappointed to find that the Battle of Coral Sea was cut out . In addition to that I noticed the scenes of Charlton Heston 's character 's girlfriend were cut out as well , however they were n't an important part of the movie anyways so I did n't really care about that . The original Midway DVD was the THEATRICAL RELEASE , something they neglected to put on the box . This is really important because it is only in the TELEVISION version that the Coral Sea scenes were included . The Collector 's Edition is suppose to include scenes from the TV network version . I 'm pretty sure they are referring to the Coral Sea sequence . I do n't know whether or not they will include the WHOLE sequence , but I 'm willing to bet they are . So I 'm ordering the DVD . I do n't really care if they add in the girlfriend scenes or not . This is definitely a worthwhile purchase if you do n't own it already . And if you felt cheated , like I did when I purchased the original DVD , this is a good upgrade , too bad I have to pay for it .
 The film takes advantage of actual WWII combat film footage as it presents the battle from both the perspective of the United States and Japan . Many international stars perform as the key figures in the respective naval forces . We see the battle emerge as estranged United States naval officers -LRB- father and son -RRB- portrayed by Charlton Heston and Edward Albert , meet in Hawaii and move to their respective duty assignments . The film makes a thoughtful attempt to give an historically accurate presentation of events . It is entertaining and shot with clear visual effects when not using actual combat film footage . Weaknesses in the DVD presentation are ; a sound track with light background static ; and during the Japanese attack on Wake Island , a few scenes appear to be lifted frame-for-frame from the 1970 film ` Tora ! Tora ! Tora ! ' , and for people familiar with the earlier film , this is distracting .
 Action , stars , drama . It 's simply the best war movie ever made . You could n't make this movie today with the Hollywood egos and big money contracts that actors demand today . WWII action at its best !
 This and saving private ryan are two of my favorite war movies of all time . Midway tells the story of , you guessed it , the battle of Midway . This movie is more along the lines of an entertaining documentary than really a movie , yet it still great . I dont know , maybe because this is the most interesting battle of the entire war in my opinion , but this is truly one of those movies you have to see if you enjoy war movies .
 The video is grat , and has very good picture and sound quality . However , although I own the video , I also took the time to tape the TV Version of the movie . The TV Version contains a Coral Sea Battle , but all of the dialogue is rehashed from the later battle scenes , and the scene with the Squadron Commander is just redubbed . There 's also a Susan Sullivan / Charlton Heston love interest and a discussion between Yamamoto and a young pilot about the war . A lot of language considered offensive is either deleted or redubbed , and where a drop of blood is shed is alos deleted . Get both .
 For one thing , the people who play the main characters do not look anything like the real person , except Henry Fonda and the man who played Vice Admiral Kondo . One other thing
 Well , I do like one of the TV versions of this film better . I used to own the VCR tape of it , and it had no Coral Sea battle like the TBS/TNT/ABC one has on TV . However , WGN showed it , and it omitted the Coral Sea battle . Depends on which station broadcasts it I guess . This film is great , but I do n't like the fact it used glimpses of the footage in Tora Tora Tora during the plane attacks on Midway . But I absolutely love the historic footage though . I wish they would have shown nothing but historic footage , but revised it and added color . But this was in 1976 , only that kind of technology is available nowadays . This movie easily beats Tora Tora Tora , althought that movie is more historically accurate and does not omit anything like how the Mikuma sinking and Mogami damaging are omitted . The US attacks from Midway such as the B-17s and TBFs also is not included , as is the IJN sub shelling Midway as a taunt at the end of the battle . But the movie is already 4 + hours long on TV , at least the one with Coral Sea is , would n't want anything longer than that.It does , however have historically accurate ships , unlike the knowledge-impaired Tora Tora Tora fan thinks on his review of Tora Tora Tora when he criticizes Midway.BTW , can someone tell me if Capt. Matt Garth is a real figure ? I ca n't get any info on that .
 Action and historical timeline was very good . Story maintained a good suspense level throughout . Very disappointed at the amount of bad language , and , as with most Columbia Pictures , they did not have a format that our language filtering device worked with . This movie will probably stay in the box until we can re-master it to remove the language .
 This is a WW 2 story I never get tired of seeing around Pearl Harbor Day each year . The actors are really good and the story line is exciting , even though it was a sad time in the history of our great nation .
 I 've always loved this movie . I watched Tora , Tora , Tora around December 7th and anytime I watch that I have to follow with Midway . Wish they left the Coral Sea part in . Could do without the son and his girlfriend drama . I 'm glad they took out the girlfriend of Matt .
 This movie has a cast of stars second to none , The movie was very well done , there is a lot of live footage intermingled with excellent acting . Henry Fonda is excellent as Admiral Nimitz , Hal Holbrook also turns on a great performance . This is a movie that has action , comedy , a love story , and drama ... This is a GREAT movie and one that can be watched over and over again . I highly recommend this movie .
 I Loved this movie from the first time I saw it . A lot a well known actors . Some of the footage in the movie is actual WWII film footage . This Classic is a Great addition to my Collection .
 I only order movies I like , and these are all excelent movies that help me kill time in the winter .
 One of the best movies ever made ! Try to watch it once a year ! The other movie that we usually watch before this one is Tora ! Tora ! Tora !
 Fair representation of WW II war , product of it 's time , well done , fairly accurate portrayals , non - glorirying . . Good flick Heston and Fonda excellent
 This movie is a Great story of how the United States won the War in the Pacific.It is a must movie for all WWII interested people !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 One of the best war movies ever made of WWII . A good line up of stars and good story line .
 This movie provided an excellent mix of Hollywood and actual footage from WW 2 battles in the Pacific theater .
 my brother loves old movies and has never advanced himself to the modern age of dvd movies , always looking for the old vcr movies .
 The film accurately recreates the single most important sea battle which changed the outcome of the war against the Japanese Empire . The acting is realistic and superb by two of Hollywoods greatest actors , Charlton Heston and Henry Fond .
 Movie arrived promptly and in excellent shape . All time great movie.classic movie , world war ii
 This movie is the best one out there to tell the story of Midway . Using real footage from the attack when possible , and some real footage that does n't match in others and really bugs me , this movie is great overall and I recommend it to anyone .
 MIDWAY is an interesting concoction of reams of stock footage edited to newly filmed scenes of an all-star cast . It was all done in an effort to retell the Battle of Midway for American audiences in conjunction with our Bicentennial celebration . Director Jack Smight would have been more successful if he eliminated the fictional characters portrayed by Charlton Heston and Edward Albert Jr. and told it in semi-documentary style . The cast includes Henry Fonda , Robert Mitchum , Glenn Ford , James Coburn , Cliff Robertson , Robert Wagner , Toshiro Mifune , Hal Holbrook , James Shigeta , Christopher George , Robert Webber , Monte Markham , Glenn Corbett , Dabney Coleman and Tom Selleck . John Williams composed a very effective score reminiscent of some of his early work such as his score for NONE BUT THE BRAVE . In the end it all seems to work and does not fail to entertain . Glenn Ford as Rear Admiral Raymond A. Spruance and Robert Mitchum in a small but impressive role as Vice Adm. William F. ` Bull ' Halsey Jr. come off best .
 Je ne sais pas pourquoi Amazon.ca n'informe pas correctement l'acheteur francophone ? Il inscrit anglais comme langue . Mais ce film en DVD dans zone 1 , est en langue anglaise , franaise et espagnol !!!
 A good follow up to anyone 's WW2 collection . Lots of action . It helps clarify what was really going on at Midway .
 I took my father to see this movie in theaters back when it was released in the 70 's . He was a Marine who served in the Pacific and told ne how important this battle was . I needed to have it in my collection .
 A christmas present for my husband . He had been talking about this movie for sometime now so I am giving it to him in 2 days .
 A wonderful Movie ... All star cast ! This has been a favorite of ours for many years . Decided to add it to the collection .
 Bought this for my husband . He is totally into war movies and this is one of his favorites . The dvd was a really great gift for him and would be for anyone that is a war movie buff .
 If you want to know the amazing events which took placed which turned the WW2 Pacific War tide to the favor of the U.S. Navy , then you have to watch this movie which by the way has a fantastic cast . Big stars and talented character actors come together to present one fine telling of the Battle of Midway . There is action , stradegy , personal drama , bravery , subperb filming , and more . This movie excellently done .
 I first saw this movie when it was first released while vacationing in Hawaii with my parents . I thought it was hammy then , and still do , but it 's fun to watch . Heston was a big actor and eats up every scene he 's in ; it 's like a WWII version of `` Earthquake '' !
 Trying to fit political correctness into this film was not necessary . In fact it hurt the film . Edward Albert Jr. and Charlton Heston 's characters are pure fiction compared to most of the other actors ' characters in the cast . They are used to address the issue of Japanese-Americans detained and relocated after Pearl Harbor . This issue was better addressed , and rightly so , by director Robert Pirosh in his WWII film GO FOR BROKE . The issue of the loyalty of Japanese-Americans was at the heart of that film . The focus of MIDWAY should have been solely about the turning point of the war in the Pacific . There is really not much new film footage in this movie . It is effectively constructed with lots and lots of stock footage and it manages to tell the story of the battle quite well . MIDWAY remains entertaining while you try to pick out all the actors that show up in this film such as Charlton Heston , Henry Fonda , James Coburn , Glenn Ford , Hal Holbrook , Robert Mitchum , Cliff Robertson , Toshiro Mifune , Robert Wagner , Robert Webber , Ed Nelson , James Shigeta , Monte Markham , Christopher George , Glenn Corbett , Tom Selleck , Dabney Coleman , Erik Estrada , and many others . One of the best elements of this film is the score and thematic march composed by John Williams .
 I agree with all of the others . The Battle of Coral Sea should have been included . There were some errors in actual facts about the battle . In the video , the four Japanese carriers were heavily damaged , while in the actual battle , they , I believe , were sunk . Another , nit picking detail , is in the flick , the Japanese carrier ` Akagi ' the island superstructure was like all other aircraft carriers ; it was on the starboard side of the ship . In actuality , the Akagi was the one carrier whose superstructure was on the port side.The one criticism about footage from ` Tora Tora Tora ' does n't fly with me . Using that footage and some of the same Japanese actors actually ties the two flicks together .
 I like it generaly but , it 's like the producers think we , the audiance , are not smart enough to tell the difference between a ww2 navyle fighter and a koerian war era jet fighter ! I know that hollywood belives that '' you do n't let the facts get in the way of a good storie '' , but enough is enough .
 This film portrays the sea and air battle of Midway ; a battle that turned the tide of war in the Pacific . Most flying sequences are archived color film put together to make chronological sense in the context of the story . Admiral Halsey is portrayed by Henry Fonda and the viewer is privy to the decision making skills of the admiral as he matches wits and luck with the Japanese admiral.The only romantic scenes in the movie are fictional , between Charlton Heston 's flying-officer son and a Japanese girl . They want to marry but are having trouble getting FBI clearance because of Pearl Harbor . Eventually , the FBI inters her and her parents , a sad reality of war.Henry Fonda , Robert Mitchum , Glenn Ford , James Coburn , Hal Holbrook , Cliff Robertson , Robert Wagner , Edward Albert , and Charlton Heston head up an all-star cast . The flick is worthwhile having in the DVD library , especially if interested in World War II footage .
 Midway , 1976 filmThis battle at sea in June 1942 was the turning point in the war in the Pacific . In April 1942 the Navy launched the Doolittle raid using two-engine B-25s for a bombing attack on Tokyo . There was little damage but it was great for American morale . Where will the Japanese attack next ? The Coral Sea ? The decoding group is very dedicated to their work . The son of a Navy captain is in love with a girl of Japanese descent . A bad sense of timing ? The Japanese plan to invade Midway , but the US bombers have a long reach . Japan will win if they can defeat the US Navy . The battle of the Coral Sea is over , they `` broke even '' . Where will the Japanese strike next ? The Navy has a plan to find out where `` AF '' is . We learn about the Japanese strategy for the battle . The Navy believes attacking the Japanese will best defend America . Note how personal health affects operations . Bad luck?Captain Garth meets his son 's girlfriend and learns how things stand . Bill Halsey recommends his replacement . Spruance plans to station his ships north of Midway to keep his options open . It is a calculated risk . So too is Captain Garth 's request . The Japanese scout airplanes could not fly to Hawaii . Navy PBY amphibians will scout the oceans west of Midway . One finds the `` main body '' going to Midway . The real threat is the Japanese aircraft carriers . Neither side has reliable information , they send out scout airplanes . A PBY sees the enemy carriers and sends messages . Midway launches its fighters against the Japanese aircraft , but they come on to attack and bomb . The US carriers ` Hornet ' and ` Enterprise ' will launch all their aircraft to attack the two Japanese carriers.Torpedo Squadron 8 searches for the enemy . The ` Yorktown ' launches all of its aircraft . `` What the hell happened ? '' There is an electrical problem with the bomb control mechanism . Navy F4F fighters attack enemy fighters . A US bombing squadron will attack four enemy carriers who now lack air-cover . Three are soon burning . The Japanese send out their planes to find the American carriers . One US carrier is hit and loses power . The rest of the Navy will continue the battle . Japanese torpedoes hit the ` Yorktown ' and seriously damage it . The ` Hornet ' launches its aircraft against the Japanese carrier ` Hiryu ' and bomb it . When one force defeats its equal is it just luck ? `` Luck favors the well-prepared . `` Many of the scenes were filmed on the USS Lexington . Actual battle scenes from WW II were incorporated . -LSB- Did you see a jeep crashing as in `` Tora ! Tora ! Tora ! '' ? -RSB- Did that romance seem credible for that era ? This movie explains the strategy that led to the battle and victory . Judgment means making the right decision when your information is incomplete . That is why experience is important .
 This is a close fictionalized movie of the beginning of WWII . It is interesting and a great flick to share .
 first saw this in the theater when it was released in the '70s . must have for all military historians .
 Super!The condition of the movie and the timely response of the seller were as advertised and expected . I will buy from this seller again withour reservation .
 I purchased this movie along with a few others for my Dad . He loves old movies . I was very pleased with my purchases , the price was right and the quality was very good . Dad was quite happy !
 has always been a great movie for it 's era , even dealing with racial issues that were still controversial at the time . clarity of film is fantastic in blue ray .
 Good movie , one of a very few on the battle of Midway . The additional storyline a Japanese love interest was distracting , however .
 I 've watched this movie over the years about 10 times and it is always a treat . The sound and video quality were excellent .
 This is the greatest retelling of the Midway battle in WW2 with more stars in it than i could name!It WAS the turning point of the war and showed that we could dish it out as good as we got!This is one edge of your seat action packed movie and is a classic to not be missed !
 great actors , lots of plot . Well acted , great reality and set for the period . Would recommend it any time to all ages .
 An All-Star cast and a true story of how the underdog can win in a fight when the Karma is with him
 this is a great video for war movie buffs . I got it for my Dad and he has already watched it a couple times . This and Tora , Tora , Tora are two of his favorites .
 My husband wanted this movie for Christmas . He loved the additional information provided with the movie . It is a very well made war movie . It included actually footage of film taken during the war , other war movies and some additional interviews of people that were there .
 As the Japanese had feared , the attack on Pearl Harbor on December 7 , 1941 had awakened a once-sleeping giant in America . But in the six months that followed the attack , the Americans were still at a disadvantage . Then came the June 4-6 , 1942 Battle Of Midway . That battle is depicted here in MIDWAY , one of the biggest box office hits of 1976 , even though it was roasted by more than a few critics.Structured much like past all-star World War II opuses , especially THE LONGEST DAY , BATTLE OF THE BULGE , and TORA ! TORA ! TORA ! , MIDWAY dramatizes how American intelligence got wind of the Japanese Navy 's plans . By letting it get out over the air that the water condenser on the island of Midway , a small atoll at the far northwestern end of the Hawaiian Island chain , some 1200 miles from Pearl Harbor itself , was down , the American Navy planned to ambush the Japanese and make a stand by huddling a somewhat depleted force of carriers and planes in reserve to the northeast of the island . The risk in this ambush was that it could leave the Aleutian Islands and Alaska , and possibly even Hawaii and the mainland West Coast , wide open for invasion if it failed . As it turned out , of course , the decision by Admiral Chester Nimitz -LRB- portrayed by Henry Fonda -RRB- was the correct one ; and the Japanese were caught completely off guard , suffering the most crippling defeat of the war . Prior to Midway , the Japanese never lost a single battle in the Pacific ; after it , however , they never did any better than a draw ; and it was a three-year road towards the atomic horror of Hiroshima and Nagasaki.Amongst this dramatization of one of the great battles of World War II , MIDWAY inevitably draws in a subplot of sorts that may or may not have actually existed
 This movie is a true representation of the events that took place . Hardly any details are omitted . You can re-live what it was like back then for American service men and experience the feelings on both sides . It 's one movie I can watch now & then without getting tired of it ! The acting is great and the scenes are very realistic . For anyone who likes war movies , I highly recommend it . Lots of action & never a boring moment !
 Midway is a good film of that epic battle but could be better.Too much time was devoted to the love affair of a Lt. and a Japanese girl . But thats Holliwood .
 If you enjoy war movies you will love this one . This is without doubt the finest production of any war movie ever made . The cast is star after star after star and the action is realistic including some actual footage taken during the war .
 Great movie . Closely follows the actual happenings of the time , except for Hollywood 's mandatory ` love interest ' . It points out the problems facing the commanders of two major forces operating in the ` fog of war ' and the affect of pure chance and luck on the determination of victory . One of the best historical docudramas I have seen .
 I use to watch this movie as many times as I could when it showed on AMC . Having the DVD lets me enjoy the movie when I want to . Having seen the movie made stopping at Midway and other locations while on tour in the Pacific all the more special . Semper Fi ...
 This film is a great depiction of both sides of the battle of Midway . It has a great cast -LRB- I was surprised to see a few actors -RRB- and some actual footage of the War of the Pacific . The storyline was a bit slow for me and I wish they put in the scenes that were for the T.V. version . All in all a great film to remind us of the world 's most devastating war .
 Great Movie that I have always enjoyed , and this time get it at a bargain price and high quality .
 I like this movie but I 'm having a problem with it it stops two or three times thru out the movie and I have to push the play or skip button a couple times to get it going again other wise I 'm happy with it .
 Being a big Charlton Heston fan I noticed it more than the rest of the film . It 's where Chuck 's role has the most meat . I did n't mind it at all but is it correct that the young Japanese-american lady has long straight hair ? She looks more like something out of the 1970 's than 1940 's . I am not bothered by the Japanese -LRB- from Japan -RRB- speaking in English . Use yourr imagination , people . Imagine they 're talking in Japanese .
 as good as war movies get . by far one of the best ever made .
 An all time classic ! In presenting and explaining the actions of both sides , Midway succeeds to an extraordinary degree . Minor errors not withstanding , the film gives a very good feel of the battle that was the turning point of the Pacific war . Historically , the move is very accurate and fair . Pity they do n't make them like that anymore ...
 I wo n't take any more than one star away from this movie for all its faults , because in the end , it 's still a very good and entertaining viewing experience . The ` Hollywood effect ' is , however , unfortunately present . They do too much with the love story between the American fighter pilot and the Japanese girl , which is okay to draw the popular crowd audience , but for those people , the second half of the movie would seem pointless , even if that IS the important part . I 'll also agree with the reviewers that said that the material sampling is WAY overdone . Obviously , the filmmakers had nowhere near the budget of `` Tora Tora Tora , '' so a lot of scenes from that movie were thrown in , and there is a lot of actual combat footage . Now , nothing against the actual combat footage , but it does add a level of disparity to the film . There were quite a few airworthy F4Fs , TBMs and SBDs available at the time , so they could 've done the scenes with the actual aircraft types and not had to contend with the level of visual differences.The `` English-speaking Japanese '' feature is also a big Hollywood turnoff . However , it makes it easier for people who need reading glasses to read the subtitles ! It does take away from the realism , though . The filmmakers did paint the portrait of the Japanese as good fighters and not savages , which I liked . But there were some questionable points when comparing this to `` Tora Tora Tora . '' For example , in the latter film , the filmmakers led us to believe that the relationship between Adm. Nagumo and Cdr . Genda was less than warm and cozy , but in this film , they 're like best buddies and have nothing but praise for each other 's ideas and tactics . There are also some differences in Nagumo 's character . In `` Tora Tora Tora , '' he 's portrayed as very cautious , not taking any risks that would endanger his fleet . This film does portray him as the fine commander that he was , but also seems to indicate that he was more bold and even somewhat reckless.Overall , however , for all of its faults , `` Midway '' is a good film . Yes , it 's more romanticized than `` Tora Tora Tora '' and was meant for a more mainstream audience , but it is still an adequately accurate depiction of one of the most important battles of WWII . In a sense , it 's a shame that future filmmakers will never be able to make a film about an epic Naval battle again . Warfare has devolved into a more sanguine `` civilized nation '' - vs.-terrorist deal , with no honor , no heroes , and no sanctity for those fallen.The verdict
 The video is grat , and has very good picture and sound quality . However , although I own the video , I also took the time to tape the TV Version of the movie . The TV Version contains a Coral Sea Battle , but all of the dialogue is rehashed from the later battle scenes , and the scene with the Squadron Commander is just redubbed . There 's also a Susan Sullivan / Charlton Heston love interest and a discussion between Yamamoto and a young pilot about the war . A lot of language considered offensive is either deleted or redubbed , and where a drop of blood is shed is alos deleted . Get both .
 There are very few movies which will have you supporting either side of the nations involved -LRB- it 's only a film afterall -RRB- but Midway will have you in Matt Gogh 's cockpit dropping those final torpedos on the Japanese carrier . Although the movie is a little long winded during the opening scenes , the majority is well worth waiting for . I would agree that not all details of the battle were accurate but what war movie boasts a perfect score in that category ? none . If you like Naval and or Airforce war films then youll love ` Midway '
 Midway is a very good movie . I was shocked , during the disasterous American torpedo bomber raids on the Japanese carriers , that the Zero pilots would pick off the bombers ' rear gunners and you could see so much blood . It was horrifying and exciting at the same time . There was some hideously unnecessary inclusion of wartime footage during action sequences , and you can actually see aircraft which are irrelevant to the battle flying around as if they were -LRB- Curtiss Helldivers , squadrons of Grumman Avengers , Hellcats -RRB- . Still , when I first saw this movie in the seventh grade I loved it because it told a good story , and I like it just as much eight years later . You will like it , too . I recommend it !
 This film is outstanding and one of the best war movies and deserves to be seen and owned . I enjoyed the excellent acting from all the actors that were involved in making this film .
 it came great perfect conditions on the package and the actual quality was great , did n't actually see the movie but only a part of it as it was a gift for my grandfather but he loved it .
 THIS DVD REPLACES MY VHS VERSION OF `` THE BATTLE OF MIDWAY '' . I NO LONGER USE A VIDIO TAPE PLAYER AND I AM REPLACING ALL MY FAVORITE MOVIES WITH DVDS .
 Excellent Account!Woody
 I ordered this DVD as a gift and the packaging was pristine . I know the DVD was perfect as well . Thanks
 I have never received this item . It was first mis-delivered -LRB- not to me -RRB- and never arrived . Now , it has not been sent.As for the movie , I 've seen it more than once . It 's a great movie . Just wish I could get it delivered . Can you help me out ?
 The best Navy war movie ever made . Period . More stars from Charlton Heston to Erik Estrada to Pat Morita to Hal Holbrook to Japanese stars you will certainly recognize . I ca n't remember all of them ! Real footage from World War II was used in MANY scenes . THE BEST U.S. Navy war movie EVER . I dare you to prove me wrong .
 When the movie was made , which I believe was somewhere in the sixties , it was real fun to watch , especially for us war buffs . I had not seen it since and enjoyed it tremendously . I have no doubts that I will see it again many times . It is considerably better than the DVD `` The Battle of Midway ''
 I have this movie on VHS but the DVD version is outstanding . The sound and quality of the picture are supurb . Just as I remember seeing it when it first came out in the theater .
 WW2 movies abound . They vary in worth from considerable to worthless , in as far as historical value goes.Some score high marks for entertainment value , while others stick more to the truth . I suppose which is more worthy of acclaim , depends upon what the viewer wants.Personally , I want truthful movies , when they purport to be such . THIS IS ONE SUCH MOVIE , in my opinion . Bearing in mind that a movie that is 100 % accurate is virtually impossible , this movie does exceedingly well in the truth stakes . Sadly , a few scenes are not as clear to the viewer , as might be thought desireable . These are few - happily . By paying full attention , most of the action - and the reason for it - can be followed.One picayune point , caused by the inclusion of actual war-time film footage , is that some shots of the action are seen which have appeared in other movies . In particular are some shots shown , also , in the movie Tora ! Tora ! Tora ! However , maybe not everyone notes such things , when they view movies.MIDWAY was a pivotal sea battle . Of this there is no doubt . Had the Americans lost it , it is more than likely that the war in the Pacific would have lasted much , much , longer . American production capabilities , at the time , would have assured the eventual winning of the war , but that would have taken time - much time!The movie MIDWAY does much , to show exactly how and why this battle was so pivotal . It also does n't shirk the fact that , like almost all pivotal battles on land and sea , luck plays an important and unforeseen part - one way or another ! However , it was men who made the various decisions and many of these decisions were critical to the successful outcome - for the Americans . This movie tells the story very well indeed.In my humble view , this movie ranks in the top twenty of war movies of all time .
 Movie showed up on time and in perfect condition . As much as I enjoy this movie -LRB- and have for years -RRB- , the producers comments about the making of the movie were even more enjoyable and interesting then the movie itself . I will not give away any of what I learned . Also the comments were quite substantial . So I spent one evening watching the comments and another night watching the movie .
 Highly recommend this be added to any persons , WWII History , library . Tho ' a bit fantasized in some of the personal aspects . An excellant depiction of one of the critical moments in the Pacific Theatre . Superb cast
 WHEN , OH WHEN are they going to put out the complete film which includes the `` Coral Sea Battle ? '' We hear about it in the movie , but never see it on DVD or video releases . It has been shown on television ONLY ! This is a GREAT movie , but PLEASE it would be so much better with the whole film . Why ca n't the studios put all the `` collector 's '' stuff on the FIRST release of the older films ? Hey , we can understand NEW release 's but life is too short to keep getting version after version of the older movies . Just a thought .
 I have n't seen this version yet -LRB- since it has not yet been released -RRB- but I can tell it is the edited version -LRB- by the length of the film -- only 132 minutes -RRB- . When are they going to turn out the full length version with the footage of Charlton Heston 's girlfriend and the Coral Sea footage ? Too bad since that 's a big part of this film .
 I watched this movie with my teenage son in order to give him a bit of history about WWII . We first watched `` Tora , tora , tora '' and then this film to see our response to the attack on Pearl Harbor . This is a good film , but not as good as `` Tora , tora , tora '' . Every movie must make choices and distort history , but the best do their best to try and tell the real story or at least give the impression of it . This movie does that and I commend them for it . However , the whole Charton Heston - Edward Albert relationship seems sort of stuck into the movie . Yes , it was good to get a statement against the Japanese Internment in -LRB- Edward Albert 's character is trying to marry an American girl of Japanese descent . She and her parents are picked up and being ready for transport to a camp on the mainland . -RRB- , but it just seems out of place in the battle film . I think `` Tora , tora , tora 's '' focus on the war is a much better and stronger approach.While most of these WWII films used newsreel footage from the war -LRB- and that makes sense -RRB- , I did not like using footage from other movies . That scene of the jeep smashing into a building after a bomb goes off is obviously from `` Tora , tora , tora '' and is kind of embarrassing . `` Tora , tora , tora '' was a joint film with Japan and used Japanese actors . Here the Japanese actors are really American and speak with American accents and that is fine . However , they also brought in Toshiro Mifune as Admiral Yamomoto . If you look at his lips , he is trying to speak English , but I suppose his accent was so out of place with all the other American accents that they had Paul Frees dub his voice . So , why have Mifune ? I mean the role of an officer is one where he just looks stern , troubled , and makes decisions . I am sure there was a Japanese-American actor who could have done that role without dubbing.But the story of the chess game , the code breaking , and the way the Yorktown was sent to sea without repairs after the battle of Coral Sea is told quite well . And for this the movie is very much worth seeing . Just overlook its flaws as much as you can and take away its strengths.Reviewed by Craig Matteson , Ann Arbor , MI
 i was 12 when this movie came out . it was a huge blockbuster with an all-star cast led by Charlton Heston as the fictional character Captain Matt Garth . the Garth character was in the movie to add some much needed human interest . Garth was the hero we could identify with and root for . and it also allowed the movie to have Edward Albert portray his son -LRB- a fighter pilot -RRB- and show how the Japanese were rounded up and sent to internment camps.if those elements were not in the movie , it simply would have been a documentary of probably the most compelling naval battle for the US during WW II . it was the battle that turned the tide in the US 's favor and allowed us to keep the Japanese at bay till we were ready to go on the offensive.the DVD itself is very good quality with many excellent bonus feautures . i particulary enjoyed the interviews with producer Walter Mirish and director Jack Smight and also Charlton Heston . and there is also a nice interview session with composer John Williams who did a very nice job with the score for Midway.now let me say something about the confusion regarding the length and scope of the movie . the movie on this DVD is the original theatrical release . there was another version of this movie which was longer and showed the Battle of the Coral Sea -LRB- Mitch Ryan starred as Rear Admiral Aubrey Fitch -RRB- and also gave Heston a romantic interest with Susan Sullivan playing his girlfriend . this version was made after the fact to accommodate NBC -LRB- i believe -RRB- so it could have a long two-part movie for its popular Movie of the Week . personally , i liked this longer version better as it gave the movie a lot more meat and made it more interesting . without these additional scenes , the movie seems a bit hurried and uninspired in my opinion.now on this DVD set they do have the 10 minutes worth of footage with Susan Sullivan in the Bonus section . but for some inexplicable reason there are no shots of the Battle of Coral Sea and that is very dissapointing.it would have been nice if they could have released this as a 2-DVD set with the second disc containing the longer TV version.the bottom line is that this is a good movie with a good cast and it is nice to see it with all of the extra bonus feautures as well .
 `` Midway '' has it 's flaws to be sure . The pointless fictional sub-plot involving Charlton Heston 's son and his Nisei fiancee seems like a concession to PC sensitivities about Nisei internment . The overuse of stock footage instead of constructing new miniatures does n't help either and the Japanese characters should have spoken Japanese with subtitles . But when Midway sticks to real history , as it does for most of the film it is quite gripping and fascinating . It was because of this movie , which I first saw on the CBS Late Movie in 1981 , that I became fascinated with the battle and ended up buying every book that 's ever been written about it . As a result , I can never condemn this movie too harshly because of what it ultimately led me to.I do wish though , that it could get a good DVD treatment , with the theatrical cut on one side -LRB- which uses John Williams `` Midway March '' for the end credits -RRB- and the longer TV-version on side two -LRB- which recreates the Battle of Coral Sea and uses the alternate `` Men Of The Yorktown March '' for the end credits -RRB- . It certainly deserves this kind of DVD treatment a lot more than Steven Spielberg 's hideous `` 1941 '' did .
 The cut sequences , of the Coral Sea campaign and Charlton Heston trying to woo his girlfriend in between helping his son Tom and his participating in the pursuit of the Japanese carriers , were in the TV version , the version that re-enlisted the talents of director Jack Smight and the actors , plus some additions , like Mitchell Ryan as one of the commanders at Coral Sea . This is the version that was released some years after Midway 's theatrical release in 1976 . Because TV , prior to HDTV , was a 4x3 aspect ratio , so the scenes shot for TV were also shot in 4x3 , and the 1976 theatrical release of Midway was shot in 2.35:1 widescreen Panavision , there would have to be some substantial visual re-formatting -LRB- top-to-bottom cropping -RRB- of the TV scenes to re-format them to 2.35:1 and insert them into the 2.35:1 theatrical version , resulting in serious picture quality degradation and majorly increased grain in the TV scenes . That , to my mind , is the reason a `` definitive '' long cut , in widescreen , has n't been released . Maybe , with today 's digital film restoration technology , there is some way to restore some clarity to the 4x3 scenes , once cropped , for insertion into the 2.35:1 theatrical version scenes , to restore a `` super '' long cut of Midway for a future blu-ray release.To the `` no surround ??? '' question
 Great movie , price was right . This disc was shipped expeditiously and came from the West coast . One of my all time favorite movies .
 Great acting -LRB- Heston 's is the weakest -RRB- , thoughtful analysis of Japanese policy , presentation of the many pieces of good luck involved in the American naval victory , and subplot about the injustices done to Japanese-Americans make this an epic film .
 This is a great movie but I 'm always disappointed they leave out the Coral Sea scenes as well as the storyline with Susan Sullivan . The storyline with her brings more humanity to the story with Charleton Heston . Nonetheless , it 's still a good movie . Since this DVD I purchased was a gift , I have not opened it ; however , I do have one of my own at home that has `` bonus material '' that does include the scenes with Susan Sullivan . For a WWII buff , you 've got ta love the story of Midway . Very nicely done .
 This was a great film about a desperate struggle . `` Historical '' films in the last 20 years or so have tended to play lose with the facts . This film stays pretty close to real history and has the bonus of great actors , several of whom served in the Pacific theatre . A great addition for anyone who wants to see the events of history in the Pacific during WW2 .
 I thought was a very good movie.It gave me a better understanding of what that Battle was all about.The movie was very true to the facts about people and time .
 Very well done . Both on the part of the Japanese war plans , as well as our own . I lived in that era and remember the situation very well . I would recommend this movie to all aages .
 the movie midway is one of the best movies that i have in my collection . i beleive that it is a very good movie , it keeps you right on the edge of your seat . no matter how many times i have seen it i 'm always blown away . this movie has alot action in it . it also has alot of drama .
 Great story and great stars to play it out . Interesting clips of carriers . Good character depictions . I did n't care for the romance sub-plot , but it did provide some background history .
 I 'm definitely no expert on the subject , but I thought this movie gave a pretty good account of what happened at The Battle of Midway . They must have felt the need to put in the usual personal and love interests . These did n't get too much in the way of the account . They tried to use a lot of actual battle footage .
 MIDWAY moves a little faster than TORA , TORA , TORA and is only slightly shorter . It will be entertaining for those who are interested in World War II and the crucial Battle of Midway which is really more of an air battle than a good old-fashioned naval battle . The strong cast is led by Henry Fonda and Charlton Heston and includes James Coburn , Glenn Ford , Hal Holbrook , Robert Mitchum , Toshire Mifune and James Shigeta.MIDWAY failed to receive any Oscar nominations in 1978 when the Academy Award competition was dominated by ROCKY and NETWORK
 Midway is a MUST have for anyone with a DVD player , because we now have a generation or two that know little or NOTHING about the price that was paid to WIN WWII .
 This is a very , very good movie . The Battle of the Midway is an important naval battle . It required valor of those defending the island , and smarts from those trying to lead those men in battle . This movie does a great job of capturing the valor provided by those defending the island . Pilots of torpedo bombers flew to their deaths knowingly to give others an opportunity to dive bomber pilots to sink the Japanese carrier . This took courage . Another ingredient that was needed was luck . Without some luck , the American forces would not have got to the enemy 's fleet . So before valor could occur there was some luck involved . This movies captures all this with great acting , good action , and a very well written script .
 Hal Holbrook plays Joseph Rochfert . Joe died in Redondo Beach and was the `` Hector Heathcoat '' of WWII . Without him , we may very well have been speaking German by now . In true American political fashion , no glory to Joe . Great movie with Moses himself as a main character .
 In the tradition of `` The Longest Day '' and `` Tora Tora Tora '' Midway 's hard-hitting action and historical accurracy depicts the Second World War in it 's truest form , with , of course , a little U.S. propaganda to boot .
 If you like military history , Midway is a truly enjoyable history lesson . In my opnion , the subplots are an unnecessary distraction , but will help justify watching the movie with your girlfriend/wife . An excellent movie to watch AFTER watching Tora , Tora , Tora .
 This movie causes the viewer to have a greater appreciation for those who put their lives on the line to perserve freedom for America . Should be required for every high school student to see before they graduate .
 There 's really not much new film footage in this movie . It 's made with a lots and lots of stock footage . Even though , it manages to tell the story of the battle quite well and it entertains while you try to pick out all the actors that show up in this film such as Charlton Heston , Henry Fonda , James Coburn , Glenn Ford , Hal Holbrook , Robert Mitchum , Cliff Robertson , Toshiro Mifune , Robert Wagner , Robert Webber , Ed Nelson , James Shigeta , Monte Markham , Christopher George , Glenn Corbett , Tom Selleck , Dabney Coleman , Erik Estrada , and many others . One of the best elements of this film is the score and thematic march composed by John Williams . It looks great in widescreen .
 I had purchased to original Midway DVD release about 2 years ago or whenever it was and was very disappointed to find that the Battle of Coral Sea was cut out . In addition to that I noticed the scenes of Charlton Heston 's character 's girlfriend were cut out as well , however they were n't an important part of the movie anyways so I did n't really care about that . The original Midway DVD was the THEATRICAL RELEASE , something they neglected to put on the box . This is really important because it is only in the TELEVISION version that the Coral Sea scenes were included . The Collector 's Edition is suppose to include scenes from the TV network version . I 'm pretty sure they are referring to the Coral Sea sequence . I do n't know whether or not they will include the WHOLE sequence , but I 'm willing to bet they are . So I 'm ordering the DVD . I do n't really care if they add in the girlfriend scenes or not . This is definitely a worthwhile purchase if you do n't own it already . And if you felt cheated , like I did when I purchased the original DVD , this is a good upgrade , too bad I have to pay for it .
 This is an interesting concoction of reams of stock footage edited to newly filmed scenes of an all-star cast . It was all done in an effort to retell the Battle of Midway for American audiences in conjunction with our Bicentennial celebration . Director Jack Smight would have been more successful if he eliminated the fictional characters portrayed by Charlton Heston and Edward Albert Jr. and told it in semi-documentary style . The cast includes Henry Fonda , Robert Mitchum , Glenn Ford , James Coburn , Cliff Robertson , Robert Wagner , Toshiro Mifune , Hal Holbrook , James Shigeta , Christopher George , Robert Webber , Monte Markham , Glenn Corbett , Dabney Coleman and Tom Selleck . John Williams composed the score . In the end it all seems to work and does not fail to entertain.To enhance this DVD , it could and should have been re-mastered in 5.1 digital stereo . I am sure the technology exists to re-master the sound and reproduce the Surround Sound digitally sending it to the Sub Woofer with minimal distortion .
 This movie must be played on Memorial Day if you have any family members that served in the US military . It 's one of the last of the great WWII movies but it 's more than that . This movie has great actors , great acting , is fairly curret , tells a national story , and gives us a glimpse at WWII , and it has Charlton Heston who plays a Navy Captain -LRB- Colonel -RRB- involved in the Midway defense.If you do n't know , Midway was the defining battle of WWII . Until that point , the Japanese Navy had been advancing steadily -LRB- although the battle of Coral Sea slowed them down -RRB- but after Miday -LRB- where Japan lost -RRB- , the Japanese Navy began a decline that led to the end of the war.The movie is surprisingly current and is pretty easy to follow . Its not as dated as some of the movies of that time -LRB- to me , some of them are unwatchable -RRB- . This is a good movie , tells the story of this giant battle where so many Americans and Japanese perished near island of Midway.The movie is interesting in that it shows the movie from the perspective of both sides and it touches on some of the Japanese concentration camps in the US . It 's a movie that tells us quite a bit if we pay attention.The acting was first rate and although not perfectly correct from a historical standpoint , it comes pretty close.It 's a definite , must own for any collection .
 Midway is a fascinating look into one of the key battles of World War II . Pearl Harbor has already been hit , and the US fleet has some problems . The movie goes back and forth between both sides , showing how insights are gained , mistakes are made , as the two forces move towards each other for the decisive battle on Midway Island.They use a lot of real footage from the war to help to add authenticity to this movie . What really makes it soar , though , is the AMAZING cast that you 've got all in one movie . You very rarely get this many named actors all pulling together as an ensemble . Henry Fonda . James Colburn . Glenn Ford , Charlton Heston . Toshiro Mifune !! Robert Wagner . Robert Mitchum . Pat Morita . Tom Selleck . Heck , even Erik Estrada is in there.There is a small amount of `` love interest '' in there , but mostly that is used to show the issues with Japanese-Americans and their treatment . It is by no means a soap opera , as other movies have done . Instead , it 's a nicely done touch - to show that in addition to the attacking Japanese and defending Americans that there was a third group caught in the middle.You really get a sense here on how key the planning and second-guessing of the generals was . You might say some things were `` luck '' - but as the saying goes , luck always favors the well prepared . All of the generals think they are making the best decision , based on the circumstances , but sometimes it 's that extra bit of planning or research that gives the edge.It really is amazing - and poetically beautiful in a way - to see the squadrons of aircraft sailing across the sky . It turns into brutal chaos as the gunfire opens up , bombs dropping and machine guns blaring . Midway does a great job of showing all sides of the war . Some of the stunts are a little cheezy , but this is 1976 after all . They did n't have great CGI effects back then.The movie does n't skimp on the story . It 's over two hours long , which gives time to show the hesitations , the discussions , and the small changes of mind that often had huge ramifications.Interestingly , there are two versions of the Midway movie that can be found . The original movie had a Battle of Coral Sea sequence . However , this made the movie really long , and when the movie was shown for TV , they edited that out . Then , for some reason , they began using that same truncated footage to create new DVDs to sell . It 's a shame , because this is an important part of the story.Watching the movie is a fascinating way to learn more about this important battle . Yes , sometimes they have the wrong planes in the air , but it 's not like there are hundreds of these planes lying around for filmmakers to use . They use what they have , and the footage they have , and I feel they put together a nice story.Note
 Very few movies can capture the historical significance of a wartime battle and dramatize it in an interesting and efficient way . Midway does it all . This would be a perfect movie if not for the contrived love story . It deserved something much more insightful and comprehensive . The battle scenes are top notch , the fair and honorable treatment of the Japanese story , although somewhat stiff and typical , is still refreshing . The vital part that the counter intelligence office played is well represented . This is one movie that I can watch over and over again , as long as my family lets me . This was a most critical and pivotal battle is our nation 's fight with Japan and our own struggle with isolationism . The amazing combination of strategy , calculated risk , determination , skill and just dumb luck that allowed the Navy to make this stand is portrayed with honesty . We owe these men our lives . We owe these movie makers our respect .
 I REALLY ENJOYED THIS MOVIE BUT I HAVE TO SAY I WAS DISSAPOINTED WHEN THEY CUT OUT THE CORAL SEA SCENE . I FEEL THAT IS A MAJOR PART OF THE FUTURE BATTLE AS WELL AS IN THE MOVIE.I THINK THEY SHOULD INCLUDE THIS IN THE VHS AND DVD VERSIONS .
 Outside of the fantastic cast and location shots , this is a great movie . Done well and historically accurate . A terrific blending of movie and real war footage .
 This movie has so many great actors in it , but no woman for Heston ! Somehow this DVD movie was shorter than the one I saw years ago . I missed the love interest for Heston . This DVD was a collector 's edition . I had n't realized John Williams did the score ! Wow what a great composer ! The special features had the lady for Heston , too bad it was n't included in the movie itself !!!
 This is one of the best will watch it over again enjoy the old cast of actors They do n't make them like that any more ... SORRY to say . .
 Without this clash , who knows how the war would have gone.Brave Pilots follow their leaders into sacrifice . American Sammuri!Midway is like all battles , they are won by which side does not make the most mistakes .
 I bought this movie for my parents . They lived during this time and are very interested in WWII movies .
 Unlike other reviewers , I did n't mind the `` fictional characters '' that were introduced into this movie . The facts were still there and the movie was entertaining and informative . A well done presentation with an all star cast that works well together . Some of the acting by these veteran stars is not as good as I would expect , but the movie was still worth purchasing just to learn a little more about this decisive WWII naval/air battle .
 this fil which actually uses real footage from the actual battle of midway is perfectly touched . It has good actors lined up for it Robert Mitchum , Tom Selleck , Charlton Heston this film was spectacular . I do n't know what you think but i liked this movie especially the way it is historically accurate .
 In 1942 , Commander Rochefort went to Admiral Nimitz , and told him that the Japanese were planning to invade Midway Island then a strategic base , which as its name implies , is midway between the United States and Japan . There 's a scene in the movie in which Nimitz orders Midway to send a message saying that they were out of fresh water . Since we 'd broken the Japanese diplomatic and military codes , we were able to determine that the letters `` AF '' , which kept turning up in Japanese transmissions was Midway .
 A South Pacific U.S. Navy Classic ! I would like to see this offered in both full screen and wide screen versions on DVD . I personally do not like wide screen versions on standard TV 's .
 This movie is one of my favourite , I 've watched it many times as I have bought a copy . The only set back I feel about this movie is that it has used some of the footage from Tora Tora Tora . which I feel has damaged the action part of the film . Midway is a small island . It does not have a big airport like Honolulu . Why do they have to add in the scene of a big airport being bombed and a fighter crashed into other fighters in a big field . Besides , the landing of a B-17 with only one wheel is definitely not necessary . Anyone who like war movies will surely recognised the scene is from Tora Tora Tora .
 This film was n't bad but could have been so much better without -LRB- a -RRB- the totally unnecessary love affair between Heston 's son and the nisei woman , -LRB- b -RRB- the dubbing of the Japanese voices -LRB- should have used subtitles -RRB- , -LRB- c -RRB- the reference to Admiral Nimitz `` missing the flatlands . '' -LRB- The Admiral 's home was not in `` the flatlands . '' It is in the Texas hill country not far from where Lyndon Johnson was born and raised . -RRB- -LRB- d -RRB- a reference to Nimitz having been able to walk across the nearest lake during the `` dry season . '' There are no wet and dry seasons in Texas . The incidence of rainfall is quite unpredictable , but this film was made in 1976 when the prevailing view of Texas was that of the whole state being like `` the Last Picture Show '' -LRB- not that it has changed that much ... -RRB- Oh , yeah , Henry Fonda did NOT look that much like Admiral Nimitz .
 I am a die-hard WWII fan and I LOOVE this movie ! It is definately one of the most accurate WWII movies that Holywood ever created . As far as history goes ; it 's pretty much `` to the letter . '' The Battle of Midway -LRB- Japanese
 When will we get the restored FULL length version of this great film on Blu-Ray ? It rightfully belongs as one of the truly great War films of all time .
 Midway is a well done movie with a star filled cast . This movie was made with the support of the U.S. Navy and has actual war footage wherever possible . As to the war and its time line the movie is accurate and the actors portrayed their characters very well . If this movie had been in its original theatrical release length I would have given it a five star rating . This is the first collector 's edition I have purchased that has cut the movie run time by over thirty minutes!If you had never seen the original release you will love this movie for even though it has been edited/cut . The movie still flows with the direct storyline of the Battle of Midway and if you had not seen the original you will not notice what is missing . You will see that both sides in this battle were professional and the problems that the fog of war can cause . Of course though it is mentioned you also have to remember the Battle of the Coral Sea had taken place earlier and had its toll on both navies , this was shown in the original release . This DVD is worth the price and I am pleased to have it in my collection but will keep my eyes open for the full-length feature as the director intended the movie to be seen . This movie deserves a place in any World War II movie collection .
 The movie fairly accurately portrays the crucial battle of Midway in the early days of WWII , and the effect on operations of the `` fog of war . '' The Japanese started the operation with inadequate intelligence , and the failure of their seaplanes to refuel at the French Frigate Shoals was devastating for their intelligence -LRB- for want of a nail , the shoe was lost , etc -RRB- . The movie reflected the emergence of Japan as a world naval power , yet demonstrated without commenting on them several major deficiencies of Japanese Naval airpower . The first example was the failure orf the Japanese Combat Air Patrol to adequately defend their own carriers , instead rushing off in pursuit of the American aircraft , and leaving their ships naked to attack by follow-on American dive bombers . In the movie we see Admiral Chuichi Nagumo turn to his Air Operations officer , Commander Genda Minoru , and ask what has happened to their Combat Air Patrol . Genda explains they have taken off in hot pursuit . This was a common occurrence among Japanese pilots . The event also reflects the poor quality of Japanese aircraft radio communications , often showing them using hand signals . They viewed air combat as an individual sport and not a team effort . When Admiral Nagumo decides to change of armament on his aircraft the movie clearly documents them striking the aircraft below to the hangar deck to change armament and for refueling . American aircraft , on the other hand performed these tasks on the flight deck , a safer procedure and less time consuming operation . Additionally , American carriers had many more safety features such as self-sealing aviation gas storage tanks , and the use of carbon dioxide to flush fuel lines after refueling aircraft . Japanese aircraft carriers lacked these features , and the movie shows them uncontrollably burning . Finally , American sailors were -LRB- and still are -RRB- better trained in damage control ; Japanese sailors received little training . The American carriers were also constructed with other features which allowed for destroyers and cruisers to come along side and assist in fire fighting , again , features lacking in the Japanese carriers . In addition to what the actors said and did , the movie demonstrated a lot in the background that made the movie an excellent tribute to not just to the fliers involved , on both side , but especially to the Naval designers of the American carriers . For more complete information on Japanese Naval Air Power I recommend `` Sunburst
 This is another one of those war films that the critics never have anything good to say about . I saw it in the movies and own it on DVD . It is a terrific film with the exception of one problem.This is an exciting film , fairly historically correct with a nice combination of new footage and actual W.W. II news footage . The cast is excellent with Charlton Heston , his usual heroic self and Henry Fonda , wonderful as Admiral Nimitz . Glenn Ford is great as Admiral Ray Spruance , one of the major heroes of the battle and Hal Holbrook terrific as Commander Rochefort , the colorful character who helped break the Japanese codes . Robert Mitchum has 2 scenes as Admiral Halsey . -LRB- I 'd heard that Mitchum was originally offered the starring role in this film but turned it down . He did agree to a cameo appearance and did his 2 scenes from a hospital bed since Halsey missed the battle due to a skin condition . -RRB- James Coburn , Cliff Robertson and Robert Wagner have little to do but stand around and look serious.The problem with this film is an implausible and idiotic romance between Heston 's pilot son and a Japanese-American girl whose family has been put into an internment camp . The scenes of Heston 's son , played by Edward Albert , whining about his girlfriend are quite annoying and Heston and the audience wind up both being disgusted . I guess this subplot was an ode to political correctness . It should have wound up on the cutting-room floor . I only wish that the DVD had the almost hour long Battle of the Coral Sea segment that was originally shown on NBC and is sometimes shown on tv instead of this pathetic romantic subplot . It truly hurts what is an otherwise excellent film.The critics like to give the impression that this film was a failure
 I 'll start by saying I TOTALLY agree with my fellow reviewers regarding the use of recycled footage from Tora , Tora , Tora ! & other WW II movies , footage of aircraft & ships either not present at Midway or not even in service until well after the battle as well as the incomplete feeling you get watching the film without the Coral Sea scenes.I first saw this movie during it 's 1976 theatrical release as a 9-year old & as flawed as it is Midway is the movie that inspired my interest in WW II , military & naval avation of 1914-45 & history in general so for that I 'm grateful . I 'll simply add that this movie needs to be reissued in a restored edition to reflect the original release ... even the dopey scenes with Matt Garth 's girlfriend ! `` I think his only problem might be ... Enemy identification ''
 This Midway DVD is fabulous . The sound is awesome , the cast is exceptional , and it is historically correct . As a Navy wife , I loved it as much asWalking Through Fire , An Iwo Jima Survivor 's Remembrance
 I have seen `` Midway '' countless times , and find it impressive for many reasons
 The Battles of Midway and Guadalcanal marked the turning point of the War in the Pacific against Japan . As Admiral Yamamoto had prophecied , Japan would raise havoc with the Americans and British for six months , but after that all bets were off . This motion picture gives an interesting , entertaining view of this battle which is one of the most decisive single military engagements in history . The flaws of the film have been noted by others but it is still well worth seeing . I particularly liked the performances by Hal Holbrook as the eccentric genius , Commander Joseph Rochefort who was in charge of the American code-breaking project and Henry Fonda who plays Admiral Chester Nimitz . In a departure from other World War II films about arrogant prima-donnas like Generals George Patton and Douglas MacArthur -LRB- not to take away anything from their undoubted talents as military leaders -RRB- , Nimitz is portrayed here as a cool , mild mannered commander who , in spite of these qualities , is willing to take bold risks and who frankly admits after the battle that simple dumb luck was a major factor in his great triumph . Rochefort is seen as a highly competant man representing the finest tradition of American ingenuity but who has many personal foibles such as first appearing in the film wearing a house robe over his uniform and later expressing joy when told that the Japanese were attacking Midway Island just as he predicted . When given funny looks by the men around him , he just shrugs it off and says `` Well , you know what I mean ! '' I also appreciated the performance of James Shigeta as Admiral Nagumo who was the commander of the Midway force . We see his fatal indecisevness and caution -LRB- this was also apparent in his refusal to order a second strike at Pearl Harbor to destroy the harbor facilities which would also come back later to haunt the Japanese -RRB- . He comments that the Americans `` fight like samurai '' which was much to the surprise of the Japanese commanders who had developed contempt for the Americans during their early run of easy victories -LRB- the same flaw that General Robert E. Lee demonstrated at the Battle of Gettysburg -RRB- . The film shows the almost suicidal attacks by the American aircraft based on Midway Island in their defense against the Japanese aerial onslaught and the tragic attacks on the Japanese carriers by the American torpedo bombers who were wiped out and whose courage even moved the Japanese who witnessed it . Finally , we witness the almost unbearable tension outlined on the sweat-drenched faces of Admirals Spruance and Fletcher sitting on the bridges of their carriers , listing to the transmissions from their pilots carrying out the attacks on the enemy . Watching this motion picture should give us all a better appreciation for the sacrifices made to ensure the freedoms we enjoy today .
 A good friend of mine -LRB- and a contemporary -RRB- rode in the backseat of a dive bomber at the battle of midway . He 's dead now , like three quarters of the men who fought in World War Two . Can you imagine riding backwards in a dive while the people below are doing their best to kill you ? Unless you 've been there , probably not.This is , historically , one of the most accurate portrayals of the war . One critic complained that `` the writing was weak . There was no suspense at all in the film . '' Perhaps there 'd have been enough suspense if he 'd been there , like Bill . But Bill survived the battle and died of old age , so I ca n't ask him about whether he felt any suspense , although we talked a lot about the battle of Midway.In the film , they used top notch actors . For `` Bull '' Halsey they used Mitchum . Not a look alike , but of course Bull 's dead , too , and Mitchum did a good job . Heston , of course , represented a fictional character -LRB- Matt Garth -RRB- , but virtually all of the names of people in the film were real men who fought a real battle , and it was the turning point of the war . After Midway , we took a lot of lumps , but they were on the run from that point on.Of course Hollywood took some liberties , and since they used a lot of actual combat shots , some of the aircraft used were out of place -LRB- F6F `` Hellcats '' for F4F `` Wildcats '' several times , and the ditching scene where Ensign George Gay went in showed a `` Hellcat '' instead of the TBD Douglas torpedo bomber that he actually flew . And the shot of the `` Hellcat '' being torn apart on the carrier 's island was well-known footage from the technicolor documentary , The Fighting Lady , which was shot on the old Enterprise during battle , with narration by Lt. Robert Montgomery -LRB- qv -RRB- . Garth 's -LRB- Heston 's -RRB- fictional son was supposed to be flying it in the film , but it was an actual crash on board the `` Big E '' , in an actual battle . `` Hellcats '' -LRB- F6F -RRB- were Grumman fighter planes -LRB- the big brother of the `` Wildcat '' -LRB- F4F -RRB- which was obsolescent when the war started , but in use at the Battle of Midway -- as was the old Brewster `` Buffalo '' -RRB- and the F6F never saw combat until late 1943 -LRB- on my birthday , as a matter of fact . -RRB- The battle of Midway was in June of 1942 , six months after Pearl Harbor.It helps when you know a little history . For instance , Ensign George Gay actually did ride out the battle in the water , after he ditched , and was debriefed personally by the commander-in-chief , pacific fleet -LRB- CINCPAC -RRB- , Admiral Chester Nimitz . He was the only survivor of his torpedo squadron , VT-8 -LRB- torpedo squadron 8 -RRB- . Altogether , when you see this picture , you are watching history -LRB- as near as Hollywood will ever get to it -RRB- , and many of the people who died to entertain today 's movie audiences are named in the movie.So , try to overlook the lack of a plot , at least in the battle sequences . History wrote them , not Hollywood script writers.Joseph -LRB- Joe -RRB- Pierre , USN -LRB- Ret -RRB- author of Handguns and Freedom ... their care and maintenanceand other books
 Not much I can add to the battle 's decisive outcome and how it altered the course of the Pacific war . What was stacking up as another in a string of decisive Japanese naval victories in the Pacific was turned on it 's head through masterful intelligence , leadership , instinct , and luck . Just six months after the humiliation of Pearl Harbor , cryptologists of the outnumbered American navy break the Japanese code and decipher their plans for their coming invasion of Midway Island ; using the three remaining carriers they have in the Pacific , they set the stage a surprise attack of their own . Having no idea the American carriers would be waiting for them , the Japanese commanders are suddenly forced to make new tactical decisions to deal with a sea battle they had not counted on . And some of those decisions would alter the course of the war and lead to the slow death of the once unstoppable IJN.This movie had a fantastic cast and I have to say was artfully directed . I had two major problems with it . The overuse of stock film footage , most of which comes from other Pacific battles or even other films . A lot of footage is taken from Tora ! Tora ! Tora ! and John Ford 's Midway . I 'm not sure if the footage was intended to preserve the film 's budget or was added in as an artistic choice to press home the fury of real combat . In either case it came across as hacked together and cheap . The second problem was the use of english speaking Americans cast as Japanese officers . While it may have provided a different angle to connect with the Japanese perpective it just did n't feel right . I never stopped thinking of them as actors . Toshiro Mifune , conversely , barely spoke english and his dialogue was later dubbed in . There are fictional characters , Charleton Heston 's Captain Matt Garth is fictious as is his fighter pilot son and his boring Japanese love interest . But it 's a film crafted to entertain as well as instruct . Otherwise if it followed facts only it would get dull very quickly.But what works is the painstaking historical veracity and an excellent cast chemistry . It takes an otherwise complex and confusing set of events and present them in a way that makes sense and draws you in . Midway was without a doubt one of the most stunning military upsets in the history of modern warfare . In an era before satellites and long range radar the battle 's outcome depending on who found who first followed by the right -LRB- or wrong -RRB- decisions . This film allows you to walk way understanding just how the mighty IJN lost all four of it 's carriers at Midway . It does n't cover everything , there are holes and questions left unanswered , but it does it 's job in paying homage to the men who won the battle while also paying it 's repects to thier Japanese counterparts . I do think this film needs a remake , it was that important a battle and it 's legacy should never be forgotten .
 `` Midway '' and `` twelve o'clock high '' are two of my favorite films . This edition of Midway is especially interesting in that it has added features by the producer and actors . The director and producer walk you through the production process of blending actual Navy combat film with the story with that shot as part of the movie on an AirCraft Carrier offshore . Charlton Heston also offers his views on the production of the film and introduces the viewer to several of the retired Navel officers and men that were actually in the battle .
 The movie BATTLE OF MIDWAY is an excellent movie however I was hoping theDVD that I ordered would be the original version which was shown in movietheatre 's many year 's ago . That version was approximately 4 hours longshown in 2 segments with an intermission in the middle . I would like tofind that original version.arnold5918@bellsouth.net
 1976 's `` Midway '' is very much in the tradition of other World War II movie epics such as `` The Longest Day '' and `` A Bridge Too Far '' in packing a star-studded cast around a key battle . `` Midway '' depicts the surprising June 1942 victory by a U.S. Naval Carrier Task Force over a far larger Japanese Fleet attempting to seize Midway Island , located north west of the Hawaiian Islands.Henry Fonda stars as Pacific Fleet Commander Admiral Nimitz . On the basis of intercepted Japanese communications , and against the advice of his staff , the soft-spoken but tough-minded Nimitz gambles his three surviving aircraft carriers on the opportunity to ambush the Japanese Fleet near Midway . Hal Holbrooke has a nice cameo as the eccentric Naval cryptographer who made the key intelligence assessment . Robert Mitchum also has a nice cameo as the famous fighting Admiral Bill Halsey , bed-ridden with a tropical skin disease , who must defer command of his carrier task force to Rear Admiral Raymond Spruance -LRB- played by veteran character actor Ed Nelson -RRB- . Overall command of the U.S. force would be exercised by Admiral Jack Fletcher -LRB- a pitch-perfect performance by Glenn Ford -RRB- . The connecting thread in the long -LRB- two-plus hours -RRB- movie is fictional Navy Captain Matt Garth -LRB- played with jut-jawed determination by Charlton Heston -RRB- . Garth , a fighter pilot recovering from a wound , starts the movie as Nimitz 's aide , is transferred to Spruance 's staff for the Midway mission , and ends up back in the cockpit of a dive bomber for the decisive air strike against the Japanese fleet . His life is complicated by a sub-plot involving the arrival in Hawaii of his estranged son -LRB- played by Edward Albert -RRB- , a rookie naval aviator who is engaged to an interned Japanese-American woman . Garth 's attempts to help his son make contact with his fiance draw the ire of security forces , while his request to an old friend -LRB- Cliff Robertson in a cameo -RRB- to look after his son results in the son 's precipitious transfer to one of the Midway-bound carriers.The engagement at sea interweaves movie scenes with real combat footage from the battle . The action shifts rapidly between the Commander and staff of the Japanese carrier force and the pilots of a variety of U.S. aircraft seeking and then attacking the Japanese ships . The resulting sequences may replicate some of the chaos of combat but are apt to be confusing to the average viewer . The respective fates of Garth and his son provide a poignant ending to the battle . `` Midway '' does a reasonable job of narrating the story of an almost miraculous U.S. victory . The production values , in terms of authentic-looking ships , aircraft , vehicles , and uniforms , are solid . However , the insertion of `` name '' actors in a variety of small roles becomes almost distracting , as none of these parts get enough screen time for real character development . The edited VHS and DVD versions of the movie seem to be shorter than the original theatrical release , and to lose some story exposition in the process.This movie is recommended to fans of the World War II movie genre , who will be able to appreciate the authenticity of the sets and who will find this an entertaining production .
 People complain about how this film uses some of the same historic footage `` Tora Tora Tora '' uses . This WWII footage is great and should be used in different war films . Just because it was used in that film dosent mean it ca n't be used in `` Midway '' . It 's not like they took scenes made for `` Tora Tora Tora '' and put them in this film . Historic footage is used and reused in many films . How many times have we seen scenes with President Kennedy in different films ? The same populer footage of him ? This film is an epic war masterpiece . The acting is superb . People complain about the Japanese speaking English . You are supposed to imagine them to be speaking Japanese . It 's not like a mistake the film makers made that makes the film appear cheaper or something . This film gets very little credit , and is always in the shadow of `` Tora Tora Tora '' . I think , if you collect war films , you should own both . `` Midway '' is a true classic .
 As someone who has always been interested in the history of WWII I am impressed with the way this movie takes pains to stress the factors that played important parts in this turning point battle . - the critical nature of the efforts of the navy 's intelligence section , without which neither Midway nor the Coral Sea battles would have happened ; - the courage displayed by the commanders ; Adm. Nimitz to order the attack at all , risking everything against great odds ; Adm. Spruance launching his entire attack force at long range -LRB- which was a critical decision in the timing of the battle -RRB- ; - the courage of the pilots attacking in suicidal conditions ; - the importance of the sacrifice made by the virtual annihilation of the American torpedo squadrons , in clearing the way for the dive bombers . - the importance of the Japanese commanders indecisiveness in trying to decide between targets -LRB- Midway Island or fleet action -RRB- and ordnance -LRB- bombs or torpedoes -RRB- . - as well as little , often overlooked , things such as the problems the US had with the quality of their torpedoes -LRB- which failed more often than they worked -RRB- , the Herculean effort it took to have the Yorktown repaired in time for the battle , and the serendipitous circumstances leading to the replacement of Adm. Halsey with Adm. Spruance . My only criticism of the history shown is the frequent inclusion of scenes of Kamikazi style attacks on US ships , which in 1942 was a very rare occurrence and , to the best of my knowledge , did not happen at all in either battle depicted . I do understand that this is not a historical documentary , however , I do n't think that adding these sequences improved the picture at all . Overall , the movie is well worth seeing for anyone who is interested in WWII .
 In a nutshell , I watched Midway in my 9th grade high school history class back in 1978 . Being something of a history buff , I love the fact that this movie presents historical facts while tying in several personal stories throughout . Now , I 'm not sure that these were `` actual '' accounts , i.e. the relationship between the pilot and the Japanese woman in the internment camp , and to be quite honest , I do n't care . I feel overall that it adds to the enjoyment of the movie and in this case , makes the movie that much more enjoyable .
 The only problem is why in the world did the studio use Mono sound on the DVD ? The movie was in sensoround multi channel and they could use it to produce 5.1 digital . hope the new collector edition is in 5.1 and I would buy it
 As the title suggests , this entire movie is about the Battle of Midway during WWII . The cast of characters is a veritable `` Who 's Who '' in American theatre . The actor playing Admiral Yamamoto , Toshiro Mifune , is a famous Japanese actor of many Kirosawa movies . In this movie , as much actual war footage was used.There are several stories going on at once , and the film does its best to weave them all together . We see an admiral sick in Pearl Harbor with a skin rash ; the numerous miscommunications as admirals jockey for position near Midway ; Ensign George Gay downed in the water and watching the battle from there ; and a love story.The last two there seem to distract me from the movie . I do n't think they are wrong , but the time dedicated to updating them makes me wonder why they are there . The love story tells us about the paranoia in the United States toward Japanese Americans , but it really does n't go into much detail . This part of the story could have made a movie by itself , but as is , there is not enough information to make it worthwhile to the picture.I would still recommend seeing this movie . Although Heston gets the lion 's share of attention , I like the scenes showing Henry Fonda as Admiral Nimitz . Great stuff .
 In response to Mr. Neal 's review , the U.S. Navy did show poorly until well after Midway . U.S. pilots became notorious for being poorly trained in flight , target identification and damage assessment . Errors were made on both sides , particularly before during and immediately after Midway . Luck was on our side . As Nimitz well new , Washington feared and the film portrayed , this battle could have gone very badly . Fortunately , we won and gained the momentum and morale . The film shows , in two hours , the Japanese arrogance , U.S. good fortune and even touches -LRB- perhaps too dramatically -RRB- into issues such as Japanese internment . It 's not perfect cinematography , but does a good job of representing one of the most important battles in U.S. history .
 One of the best war movies i 've seen and i think i 've seen just about all of them . i have also seen a different version of this movie that runs about 90 minutes longer , same cast , but there is extra footage including coral sea which led up to midway . that 's the tape i 'd really love to find .
 THIS IS MY FAVORITE WAR MOVIE . BUT WHAT I LIKE ABOUT IT IS THAT IT IS FAITHFUL TO THE BATTLE THEY HAVE THE SAME CHARACTERS AND WHAT NOT . ALL THE PERFORMANCES ARE GOOD AND THE BATTLE SEQUENCES ARE THRILLING AND EXCELLENT AND SUSPENSFUL . THE AERIAL SEQUENCES ARE COOL BUT WHAT I LIKE IS THAT IT IS TRUE DEPICTS ONE OF THE MOST IMPROTANT BATTLES IN HISTORY . ALSO I REALLY LIKE THE MUSIC FROM JOHN WILLIAMS IT HAS AN EFFECT ON THIS MOVIE WHICH MAKES IT SUITED FOR THIS MOVIE BUT IT 'S JUST SO GOOD . I WISH THAT THEY WOULD RELEASE THIS MOVIE INTO THEATERS JUST ONE MORE TIME SO I COULD SEE IT IN ALL IT 'S GLORY AND ON THE BIG SCREEN .
 I remember this movie as a kid in the 60s , and it was great then . Now in 2006 , it me amazes how timeless it all seems . Of course , I pick out scenes from `` Tora ! Tora ! Tora ! '' ; I 'll ask myself my did n't Captain Garth did n't just ditch his plane ; and other technical problems -LRB- it 's my hobby of sorts -RRB- ; but the acting , the all-star cast , the scenes , aircraft , the ships , the history , the cinematography , ... , even Star Wars in certain aspects did n't do as great a job!This movie would be a great addition to anyone 's library , if for no other reason than to share it with someone who has never seen this great movie !
 VERY good movie , in fact , one of the best ever made in my opinion . I 'm a retired Navy man , and it 's right down my alley !
 I 'm not sure on the accuracy of the film . Its very watchable but you 'd think Captain Charles Garth -LRB- Charlton Heston -RRB- attacked the japanase aircraft carriers single handed and won the war by himself . That part is laughable . It has a good cast and has some nice shots .
 I saw this movie in theaters many times as a young man and always loved it . It makes a great addition to any movie collection and I highly recommend it .
 The original Midway that was in sensaround in the theatres did n`t have the extra battle of the coral sea footage . that was later added . If you want the original feel this is it , and the vhs version is the same also .
 From all the stories I heard about the battle of Midway fromactual participants , the movie is very close to the real events.The characters are all very well treated by the actors.I would also recommend `` Tora Tora Tora '' to accompany thismovie . Have fun ...
 On of the best WWII pictures I have seen . Lots of air battle scenes and an impressive collection of stars .
 History and war buffs , this movie is for you !!! A must have for any collection .
 This movie excels in the relem of wr movies . It truly is a classic !
 When I first saw this film , I was blown away ! But after seeing TORA ! TORA ! TORA ! , I must now say
 Real footage -LRB- some reused from Tora Tora Tora -RRB- and a stellar cast tell the story of how incompetent governments are -LRB- from Japanese internment , to bungled diplomacy , and even overcoming bad military intelligence -RRB- , how amazing this country and her people are , and how , with some military courage , genius and luck , we overcame the threat of the axis powers in WWII.Drags a bit to while it puts all the pieces in place , but if you are into history and `` real '' life drama , it 's a great movie !
 As a military buff I have been watching this since a kid . Its just as great to see it now and especially since I can watch it when I like . The actors are top quality and if one likes military movies this is near the top of the list !
 A good movie . I particularly like the recreations of the different aircraft of both sides . The archival footage is awesome . The actors do a nice job of protraying the key individuals of both side . I did notice there were a few scenes that were from the movie Tora Tora Tora . The military vehicle that crashes with the dead driver , the 21/2 ton truck thats shot up , the sailors being blown overboard from a ship to name a few . An ok movie .
 Great movie ! Absolutely no problems downloading . I was able to watch it right away and I recommend using this Amazon service highly !
 Though very 70 's TV like , the movie is a good solid version of the battle . It sorely is dated , but I like all of the actors . And to see Erik Estrada as ` chili-bean ` well worth it.Some Hollywood big shot needs to retell this story with modern CGI and a great cast . I think it could be another ` Saving Private Ryan ' . I an a big Heston fan , so anything with him is good . And WW2 ? Well , I 'm in !
 This movie is very accurate in it 's historical content . I would recommend it to anyone looking for WW II history . A very good buying experience .
 this has always been a excellent movie that puts u right in the seat of those who fought this war . Well worth it
 Although fully aware of its weak spots , I give `` Midway '' full five stars , because I believe this is one of the best reconstructions of major battles in history of cinema , the others being `` Tora , Tora , Tora '' , `` The longest day '' and `` Waterloo '' . I agree with most of the negative comments on the war footage used in this film , with the presence of at least one jet plane from Korea War in one scene being possibly the most damning . Wildcats magically transforming into Hellcats and SBDs turning into Avengers in the blink of an eye are also quite annoying ! Many of the fighting sequences could and should have been much better done and the use of some footage from `` Tora , Tora , Tora '' should have been avoided . However , except if you are really good at recognizing WWII warbirds , those points are finally not so important , as the focus of the film is to show all the major -LRB- and sometimes minor -RRB- decisions which affected the outcome of this fight and which made Midway such a unique and dramatic battle . And as far as this aspect is concerned , the film is a great success!It begins already with the enormous error committed by Yamamoto when planning the whole operation ; we realize it in the scene in which admiral Hosogaya says `` This time the god of battles conceived a monster '' . This criticism is officially adressed to the junior officer who presents the plan - but in fact it is -LRB- by Japanese standards -RRB- an extremely direct attack against Yamamoto himself . But with admirals Nagumo and Yamaguchi remaining silent during the discussion , the plan remains unchanged ; and for that reason , out of SEVEN carriers available , Nagumo will have only four with him at Midway to fight against three American ships ... The absence of `` Junyo '' , `` Ryujo '' and `` Zuiho '' , send after secondary targets or affected stupidly to escort of transports , will cost the Japanese dearly ... The scene continues with Admiral Yamaguchi raising another , even more important objection - what if Japanese carriers are forced to fight in the same time land based planes from Midway and carrier based planes of US Navy ? This possibility is not given as much attention as it should - and the result is that this is exactly what will happen!I will not of course describe here all the twists and turns , but one thing is clear - this film shows almost perfectly how the whole situation evolved and how finally the side which committed less mistakes -LRB- and which was also just a tiny little bit more lucky -RRB- carried the day . And it also pictures ADMIRABLY the proverbial `` fog of war '' , when both sides are like boxers fighting blindfolded - with the first who manages to locate the enemy obtaining a great advantage ... The second reason why I give to this film five stars , is the casting . It is simply a constellation of great stars of world cinema , and they all do a hell of a job ! Let 's just enumerate some : - Henry Fonda , as Admiral Nimitz - Robert Mitchum , as Admiral Halsey - Glenn Ford , as Admiral Spruance - Toshiro Mifune , as Admiral Yamamoto - Joseph Shigeta -LRB- remember him from `` Die Hard '' ? -RRB- , as Admiral Nagumo - Charlton Heston , as Captain Matt Garth -LRB- one of the very few fictional characters in the film -RRB- - and then James Coburn , Robert Wagner , Cliff Robertson , Hal Holbrook and Erik Estrada in lesser roles . And let 's not forget Tom Selleck in one of his first appearances on the screen ... I was particularly impressed by Henry Fonda 's performance as Nimitz - his olympic calm and dignity and also a deep wisdom permit to understand why this admiral was such a great leader of men . James Shigeta is even better in his role of Admiral Chuichi Nagumo , a man send to fight a battle much tougher than his superiors -LRB- and himself -RRB- expected and who is under an incredible , regularly increasing pressure ... As for the inaccuracies , most of them are rather imperceptible except for people who really know the details of this battle - like for example the planes from USS `` Yorktown '' attacking `` Kaga '' , when in the real battle they attacked `` Soryu '' ... But there is also ONE very very big blunder concerning Lieutenant Joichi Tomonaga , Japanese leader in two out of three attacks launched during this battle . Although taking off to the second attack with a damaged plane which could n't make it home -LRB- and thus knowing that he would die or be captured -RRB- , Tomonaga absolutely DID not launch his plane against USS `` Yorktown '' ! Also , he was 30 years old in June 1942 , but in this film , he is played by an actor who looks easily like pushing 45 ... It is also true , that there was a TV version of this film , which was longer , with the battle of Coral Sea briefly covered and an extra love story added . But frankly , I believe that the cinema version , with the wonderfully filmed Doolittle 's Raid as the beginning and with only limited time devoted to private life , is actually better . I regret however that in the film there is no mention of the ultimate fate of USS `` Yorktown '' -LRB- a short conversation of 30 seconds would be enough -RRB- and of the final -LRB- and in my opinion very stupid -RRB- decision made by Admiral Tamon Yamaguchi towards the end of the battle.Last but not least - in the film it is stressed , that at Midway Americans were outnumbered . Well , that is FALSE ! Certainly , the Japanese had four carriers -LRB- `` Kaga '' , `` Akagi '' , `` Hiryu '' and `` Soryu '' -RRB- against three for Americans -LRB- USS `` Enterprise '' , USS `` Hornet '' , USS `` Yorktown '' -RRB- but counting the planes , Americans had the numbers for them
 This film provides a good dramatization of the chess-like feints and counter-feints that culminated in the Battle of Midway . From the Americans cracking the Japanese code , to the Japanese attempting to lure the American force towards the Aleutians , the plot moves step by step as the two fleets converge on the American base at Midway Island -LRB- appropriately located in the middle of the Pacific -RRB- . The fate of the two combatants are seen to turn on such events as the chance spotting of the Japanese fleet by American aircraft . In the opening salvo , the American attack seems all but futile as its torpedo planes fail to hit their marks . Will the all-but-obsolete Dauntless dive bombers succeed where the torpedoes failed ? Will Hawaii end up as the ultimate Japanese tourist destination ? Well , not with all four of the Japanese fleet 's precious aircraft carriers sent straight to the bottom !
 My husband -LRB- me , too ! -RRB- LOVES the old war movies with the acting greats . I was worried about purchasing a DVD issue of a film made so long ago because of the technology available at the time -LRB- http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00005N5S3/ref=cm_cr_rev_prod_title -RRB- . The quality is fantastic . The audio is easily manipulated through our home theater settings . I hope all my future purchases of these types of movies are as pleasing ! This same comment goes for my other DVD purchase as well : -RRB-
 This movie is equal to Harm 's Way , good movie with out the profanity , orblood and guts , nothing that a 12 year old can not watch or should not watch .
 Six months after the attack at Pearl Harbor came the battle at Midway Island and was the turning point of the Pacific conflict in WW II . To Japan we looked defeated but the resolve of America beat the odds and turned the tide . Sound quality is poor plus they cut over 35 minutes from the original theatrical version for unknown reasons . Otherwise it would be 5 stars .
 This movie is a well-told and well-acted presentation of the Battle of Midway -- which was probably the single most important battle that the US Navy has ever fought . Its greatest strength in my opinion is that it shows the battle almost equally from the American and Japanese sides . The script from the Japanese side is largely based upon the book `` Midway '' by Fuchida , et al. and this is a very positive thing . `` Midway '' is a great book.Both sides are shown with dignity , although the Japanese side takes the bulk of the criticism due to the dithering on the part of the Japanese
 Though WWII raged until 1945 , 1942 saw the turning of the tide on all fronst in the allies ' favor . With Stalingrad in Russia , Tobruk in the Mideast , the battle of Midway in the Pacidic saw the once-thought Axis steamroller stopped in its tracks . Inventing the tactics of naval aviation , the Pacific was the stage for the first battles between ships that were too far from each other to be seen . In the ensuing battle in which the Japanese had the numerical , technological and morale advantge , US launched planes launched crippling attacks that prevented invasion , sank Japanese carriers and killed the cream of Japan 's core of elite carrier-fighter pilots.With an all-star cast , this film begins with the `` Doolittle Raid '' over Japan and the Battle of the Coral Sea to set the stage for the Japanese defeat at Midway . The raid was a military non-event , causing less damage to the enemy than propaganda would suggest , and only leading Japan to strengthen its defenses while hunting down those in China who aided American fliers after the raid . The results of the Battle of the Coral Sea were more even - with severe losses felt by both sides -LRB- though the Americans were proceeding from a position of presumed inferiority against a military machine that had devestated them at Pearl while overwhelming the British in Singapore as well as other western colonial powers elsewhere in the Pacific . Taking the initiative after the Coral Sea , and knowing that an outright conquest over America is impossible , the Japanese set their sites on America 's central-Pacific outpost on Midway . Using their best code-breaking assets , US Navy intelligence cryptologists under Joe Rochefort conclude that Midway is Japan 's next target . With their resources already whittled down by the attacks at Pearl Harbor and the battle of Coral Sea , the element of surprise is America 's only hope of winning the battle.The actual dynamics of the battle were complicated - with the Japanese caught off-guard by the unexpected appearance of US carrier fighters , and the torturous dilemma of having to decide which to attack first ; the initial waves of US dive bombers annihilated by the Japnese defenses ; the Japanese fighters brought down too low after the first attack to deal with a second wave ; the devestation of the Japanese fleet ; and the Japanese reprisals . While the film deals well with this , many historians might be dismayed by the fatcual lapses in the choice of stock footage - F6 Hellcat fighters appearing a year too early ; post-war US Carriers -LRB- with their distinctive angled decks -RRB- subbing for Japanese ships -RRB- - or simply how badly the footgae blends with the non-stock footage . -LRB- This is a flaw not too rare on Discovery Channel documentaries that are n't quite as interesting -RRB- . Still an important film for those who 've never heard or understood the significance of the battle of Midway .
 I enjoyed `` Midway '' as a docudrama . It covers much of what happened during what many consider to be the turning point of WWII in the Pacific . This is the first encounter where the Japanese Imperial Fleet really took it on the chin -- though both navies came out of the scrap badly mauled . The US , however , had the greater industrial resources and was able to rebound more quickly . `` Midway '' pales , though , when compared to `` Tora , Tora , Tora ! '' Another period docudrama . The equipment , bases shown , etc. , were second best to what was used and shown in `` Tora x3 . '' I also wish that the producers had the Japanese characters speaking Japanese with English subtitles , as in `` Tora ... `` Another reviewer commented on the lack of Heston 's son 's romantic interest with a ni-sei -LRB- 2nd generation Japanese -RRB- woman , in this version . Why was it cut ? Who knows . It did add an interesting slant to the storyline in the original . Perhaps it was pulled because those scenes portray the USA at one of its low points -- the internment of Americans of Japanese ancestry.To the movie 's credit , the sections about intelligence gathering , good and lucky guessing , and the eventual result of that intelligence work was admirably displayed.I enjoy this show , though I will typically pull `` Tora ... '' off of the shelf before this one.On an aside , this film tries to match up with other epic WWII movies like `` Tora ... , '' `` The Longest Day , '' `` The Great Escape , '' etc. , in that they all host a large number of well known actors -LRB- and some not so well known -RRB- . Midway is a step below the others listed though -LRB- thus the 4 star rating -RRB- . In Midway it 's fun though , to see who you can spot . For example , keep an eye out for a then relatively unknown Tom Selleck as a soldier on the ground at Midway Island.Well worth 4 stars , but not a 5-star offering . WWII buffs will definitely enjoy this show.Happy viewing.Alan Holyoak
 This package includes both The French Connection and its sequel , and movies do n't get any better than this . Here , you get to see two great directors handle the character of Popeye Doyle and the cinematic presentation of the film -LRB- s -RRB- in two completely different ways.Friedkin created more of an off-beat cop thriller that made people think . Instead of the shoot-em-up approach that the second one made , the original takes a more logical step to the action . Some of the action is n't even shooting ; it 's mainly verbal . Friedkin 's setting for the movie is dark , gritty , and perfect for the movie . There are no lush sets ; only the cold and pain of the city , which creates an unbeatable realistic tone for the whole film . The movie grabbed 5 oscars , most notably best actor for Gene Hackman . His performance is legendary , testing the difference between cop and crook and how much it takes to cross the line . His partner , acted out by Roy Scheider , is great , too . He plays more of the cautionary cop , holding back Doyle when he 's about to explode.The sequel , I thought , is even better . Gene Hackman 's performance is stepped up considerably , and Marseille is just as good as a setting as New York was in the original . The set pieces fit in perfectly , creating many memorable scenes . In one scene , Doyle is randomly pooring gasoline all over an urban apartment building , yelling `` The exterminator is here ! '' He soon sets it on fire , killing two of his many enemies . Other great scenes consist of Doyle relentlessly trying to make commuication wih the french and him trying to get hooked off of heroin . The action is this movie is a lot less subtle than the first ; director Frankenheimer creates grisly shootouts in shipyards and heroin processing plants , all of which add as much to the film as the chase did in the first.Make no mistake , both of these films are winners . Buy this as watch how two greatly talented directors handled a great character and series.French Connection
 Billy Friedkin 's film is the most influential crime thriller since film noir . Look at the cop shows on TV today . Bocchco and Wolf would be lost without this as a model . It set the tone for Hollywood in the 70 's and stands up today with it 's great acting , terrific dialogue , and charcter driven action . On a personal level I saw this movie at the ripe age of 9 at a drive-in with my parents . This film was the movie that made me fall in love with movies . For that I am forever grateful to Friedkin , D'Antoini , Hackman and Company.The bonuses on this DVD package are terrific . Mark Kermode 's BBC documentary is as good as the one he did on `` The Exorcist '' and Friedkin 's commentary on the film itself is informative and entertaining . The lost scenes are interesting if you 're a fan of the film and a fan of Friedkin the director.It is instructive to watch an extended scene , such as the one in the hotel lobby , that lasts 2 or 3 minutes on film in the outtake last only a few seconds in the finished film , yet all the information that is communicated in the longer scene is in the finished product without stopping the pacing and it allows the audience to fill in the blanks . Even while being pushed along on a viseral high the audience is using their heads . I always felt this was Friedkin 's strentgh as a filmmaker , telling a lot of information visually and quickly , even if the audience does n't catch on at first.This package also contains John Frankenheimers underrated sequel that is n't based on fact put is purely a fictional account of Popeye Doyle in France . Frankenheimers commentary is also worth listening to as he speaks of his admiration for the first film and desire to stay loyal to the style Friedkin developed -LRB- what urban crime film of the 70s did n't ? -RRB- . It also contains Hackman extending his performance of Doyle brillantly and it finds a way to end the film in a way that rivals the ambiguous descent into madness that ended `` The FRENCH CONNETION '' only it goes in the opposite direction , shocking , startling and definite.A great package , one masterpiece and one four-star underrated gem . And at a great price
 The French Connection has never seemed to generate as much buzz as other Best Picture Winners , and is likely to be overlooked yet again in its DVD release , coming so close to the Godfather Trilogy and Citizen Kane . The exception is the chase , of course , long celebrated as perhaps the best ever captured on film . In addition to the action elements , however , there are other reasons to add this to your collection , including Gene Hackman 's fine , Oscar-winning turn as Popeye Doyle and William Friedkin 's energetic direction . French Connection II suffers somewhat by comparison - Hackman is still great , but the movie seems to lack cohesion , as if the writers patched the story together scene by scene , rather than knowing their destination . It is not a bad movie by any means , but certainly not the classic its predecessor is . The bonus materials are nicely presented and pretty interesting , for the most part - a solid , if not particularly spectacular , package .
 `` The French Connection '' set the vanguard for cop dramas . Gritty , intelligent and action packed , it set a standard that only a few films could live up to . Its 1975 sequel was n't one of them , however , it was good in its own right . Now , we can finally both of these films together in one affordable boxed set put out by the good people at Fox . `` The French Connection '' -LRB- 1971 , R -RRB- Hard bitten New York cop `` Popeye '' Doyle -LRB- Gene Hackman in an Oscar winning role -RRB- andhis partner Buddy Russo -LRB- Roy Schneider , aka the sherrif from `` Jaws '' -RRB- are a drug ring operating somewhere in the city . It starts off as a routine investigation , but when one of the drug lords tries to kill Doyle , the two cops take it personal , resulting in all out war to crack the French connection and kill drug cartel Alain Charnier -LRB- Fernando Rey -RRB- that includes one of the greatest car chases ever put on film.This film is a true masterpiece . Hackman has never been better , and the supporting cast of Schneider and Rey adds extra kick . William Friedkin did his best film with this . The extras are excellent . I really think this is a true classic 5/5 `` The French Connection '' -LRB- 1975 , R -RRB- Four years after the first film , Gene Hackman plays `` Popeye '' Doyle once more in this sequel . In this one , Doyle has been kidnapped by drug lord , Alain Chartier -LRB- Fernanod Rey -RRB- , who he failed to catch in the last one . Doyle is forced to become a junkie himself , and hits rock bottom . When he is finally released , he vows to stop at nothing to destroy Chartier.Not as good as the first , this film is still good in its own right . The commentary is interesting , and there are n't really any other great extras . Overall , a 4/5These two films come highly recommended . The first one is a classic , and the seconde on is above average . These films belong in any dvd collection .
 The first time I saw `` The French Connection '' was on cable several years ago -LRB- as well as its sequel , available only in this box set -RRB- , and despite being edited for television , it was an incredible ride . It 's a movie that would be next to impossible to make today . You have a bigoted , brash police detective -LRB- Gene Hackman -RRB- as your lead , little to no explanation why he 's the way he is , and an ending that is by no means a happy one . As much as that may be a turn-off to some , it 's the obsessive nature of our main character that fuels this movie . It goes to such a high pitch that even an accidental shooting does n't give him less than a moment 's pause while pursuing his nemesis , heroin kingpin Charnier -LRB- Fernando Rey -RRB- . This obsession fuels also the sequel , `` French Connection 2 '' -LRB- a rather underrated flick , in my opinion -RRB- , which takes place in France . Despite being a tad too long , the sequel manages to be quite impressive , culminating in a final chase which ends the film on a note that 's almost as striking as its predecessor . Both movies have audio commentaries from their directors -LRB- William Friedkin on 1 , and John Frankenheimer on 2 -RRB- , deletd scenes -LRB- on 1 only -RRB- and `` French Connection '' fans will get their fill with the two documentaries on the first film and the true story that inspired these two rather solid action films . While `` classic '' ca n't be really said about the sequel , `` The French Connection '' is a brillant , classic thriller that is n't afraid to leave it 's viewers hanging .
 This 2 DVD Box Set of The French Connection I and II is very well packaged and has lots of intriguing extras . The films themselves are quickly becoming classics , with Gene Hackman putting in stunning performances - especially in The French Connection II during his rehab sequences.I am most impressed that the film took advntage of the gritty and confusing street layouts of both Poughkeepsie and Marsellaise to add to what is an already filmatically challenging spy/crime story.Very good collection - would recommend to those who like good ` private investigator chasing dangerous drug lords ' crime films .
 I highly recommend this set to anyone who appreciates classic action films . Gene Hackman delivers excellent performances in both films . I believe French Connection II is a wonderful sequel and can only be acquired in DVD format by purchasing this set . The original is already highly acclaimed based on the true story line of the film . Marseille and New York are prominently featured as the primary locations and the camera work is well done . Fast paced and well casted , this is a good way to spend a rainy afternoon .
 This box set includes The French Connection I & II . The original is of course the most well known of the two . The movie is based off the true events of the biggest heroin bust in history.The story follows two of NYPD 's narcotics detectives as they stumble onto a hunch which turns into a huge multi-jurisdictional case . Detective Doyle who is played by Gene Hackman , was one of the NYPD 's most decorated officers when he retired . The two detectives build their case and eventually narrow their search of suspects before finally getting the approval of the upper brass to make an arrest . This is a great crime drama which follows the original novel and the true story really well.Part II of the set picks up where part I ends . What most people do n't know is that part II did not actually happen . Part II is complete fiction while part I is a true story . Great film !
 At long last a release on DVD for probably the greatest acting performance I have ever seen . Gene Hackman 's heroin withdrawal scenes are the peak of his -LRB- or any other actors -RRB- career . The French Connection II , far superior in every regard to it 's rather pedestrian predecessor , is the real gem in this set . The closest hollywood ever got to high film art . Watch and be blown away.Heeeey Willie maaaays !!
 I dont know that I can offer much more to what has already been said , but to me this boxed set is superb.Another reviewer stated that the picture , sound and lighting was poor - one assumes that he/she was watching a very worn out VHS copy or his/her equipment was faulty - as both the DVD 's in this set are perfect in terms of picture & sound quality.French Connection 1 was , to me , certainly the better of the two and the gritty realism was excellently portrayed . Lets make no bones about it though - Popeye Doyle was not the most likeable hero - although he did seem to get results.The car chase is legendary , but to me , my favourite scene is when the camera is on Alan Charnier eating in a plush restaurant - and then pans through across the street to Popeye Doyle in a shop doorway , in the cold , eating a burger . A masterful piece of cinematography.French Connection 2 was okay , and Gene Hackmans ' performance , particularly in the rehab sequence , was absolutely brilliant.But the overall scenario was a bit hard to swallow.First , we are asked to believe that the New York Police have sent Popeye Doyle over to Marseilles to track down a criminal to whom he is known to bear a grudge - on his own - without speaking a word of French - and , knowing that his attitude problems would aggravate the French , in whose country he was in - err , no - that is stretching credulity a bit too far ! Because of this , the whole film was downgraded somewhat to pure nonsense.French Connection 1 was believable . French Connection 2 was not .
 Although William Friedkin was unhappy with the casting of the key characters -LRB- according to the BBC documentary -RRB- , it turns out to be inspired . Hackman as the fiery , impulsive lead . Scheider as the long-suffering partner who acts as go-between during Popeye Doyle 's many disputes . Fernando Rey , a Spaniard apparently could n't speak any French , but his accent is ideal for the Marseilles drugs syndicate boss , Charnier . His beard and felt hat add to his genial and inscrutable manner.Friedkin brilliantly contrasts the luxury , 5 star existence of the drugs boss and his henchman in New York , with the poor , seedy existence of the cops . In one scene , the camera focuses on the criminals enjoying a fabulous lunch in a downtown restaurant . Then it focuses on Doyle and Cloudy freezing in a shop doorway across the street , eating takeaway pizza.While Doyle is chasing Charnier on foot through the streets of New York , all we see are two pairs of legs
 I always love Gene Hackman and I loved him in The French Connection movies . I enjoyed the first one just a little more than the second one , though .
 TO WHOM IT MAY CONCERN.LOVED THE MOVIE , LOVED THE PRICE , THE DELIVERY WAS FAST.I WILL DEFINITIVELY TELL MY FRIENDS ABOUT YOU OK?THANK YOU SO MUCH , UNTILL NEXT TIME.CHEERS.J.G .
 Great flick with classic chase scenes ! The good guy almost looses his `` cool '' but keeps coming back when others would walk away . A great ending that requires watching both movies from start to finish . Hackman at his best as `` Popeye '' .
 French Connection 1 is excellent ... . vibrant , thrilling , suspense , good mystery and drama . The actors and director are 1st class !! French Connection 2 is a let down ... looks made just to capitalize on the success of the 1st . No comparasion , without the 1st , 2nd means little .
 It has been a long time since I have watched this movie . But I could not forget it . I have never seen a more dramatic action movie in my life . Gene plays Popeye Doyle a very highly motivated & tough New York cop who tries to crack a foreign drug ring . Doyle 's tough , rule breaking & take no prisoners policeman who blurs the line between cop and criminal . The fact that this mean , brutal cop is somehow sympathetic is a testament to Hackman 's great skills as an actor.One of my favorite scene is the film 's famous car chase . As a drug smuggler races by above on an elevated train , Hackman speeds along in a car on the street below.Director William Friedkin 's `` The French Connection '' is an exciting , jam packed cop action fest . Friedkin won the best directing award . You have to have it in your collection .
 The image is faded , the sound is off , the lighting is too dark , so why bother with VHS ?!
 What makes this British television film so strong is a combination of the acting and the emphasis on family . Especially noteworthy is Amanda Burton as Rachel Monro , the woman who enters the family life of Ben and Nattie Turner to show both of them that the past can not be escaped.While the preservation in DVD format of the original film 's three parts is a bit annoying -- rather than following the entire story straight through -- the strength of the film makes up for this quite a bit . So even though you have to view Part I , then go back to the menu and view Part II , then Part III , it 's worth it . The plotting is strong , the pacing is well thought out , and , as mentioned , the acting does quite a bit to carry the tale.A little girl is missing , and finally found dead . A young couple , with a 7-year old daughter , becomes involved , thanks to the attentions of the mysterious Rachel Monro . Soon the entire small village is aware of the supposed guilt of the husband , played well by Paul McGann . But things are not as straightforward as they may seem
 With the possible exception of Hetty Wainthrop , Forgotten is probably the most unusual production I 've seen on PBS 's popular Mystery ! series . It is certainly not a cozy little mystery with brilliant detectives and happy endings , like Poirot or Cadfael -LRB- both of which I love , by the way -RRB- ; it is more deeply personal , steeped in realism , and will haunt you for many nights to come.Several things strike me about this miniseries -LRB- movie , tv show ? I 'm not sure what to call it ! -RRB- . First of all , it is not typical Hollywoodized fare - the characters are all painfully real , down to the DCI who suffers from hay fever to the bookstore employee who walks with crutches . The relationships are scripted and acted so well that you feel like you 're watching a slice out of their lives , not actors performing roles . And the acting is absolutely superb . Amanda Burton is both chilling and sympathetic -LRB- a hard balance to acheive -RRB- and utterly believable . The extremely likeable Paul McGann -LRB- Dr. Who , Horatio Hornblower -RRB- is such a perfectly bemused Ben Turner that you are left believing that this is what Paul McGann must be truly like . However , the show is stolen -LRB- at least in my opinion -RRB- by the very handsome Christopher Villiars as the tortured DI Andrew Cannon , whose role , like everyone 's , is fleshed out extremely well . Also very notable is the fetching young Karis Copp , who gives an outstanding and surprisingly sensitive performance as 7-year-old Emmy.Against the picturesque backdrop of a charming little Cotswolds village -LRB- a wonderful contrast to the ultimate evil of a murdered child -RRB- the story plays itself out at an unhurried pace , letting you savor the characters and live their lives alongside them as events unfold . With each new revelation the plot twists and turns , culminating in a conclusion so disturbing that it kept me awake half the night pondering it.My only complaints are the COMPLETE lack of any kind of extra features on the DVD , and the full-screen presentation -LRB- it was broadcast on PBS in widescreen -RRB- . But the story itself is without flaw , and these minor complaints do not take away from its impact.Absolutely one of the most memorable and gripping stories you will ever watch .
 This is an unusual murder mystery in the sense that it focuses on 2 eerily similar murders 20 years apart and emphasizes the families involved and how these crimes affected them . Most murder mysteries portray the detectives and the resulting quest to find the killer , with little attention given to the victims ' families and friends and how the murder affects them . That is what makes this story different -- yes , you do see the police questioning the suspects , but the sense is more peripherial than usual . What is depicted is the sadness of the parents who learn that their child has been murdered , how they cope with it , and how it changes the family and the relationship between the husband and wife , and the relationship between the parents and -LRB- surviving -RRB- children.There are several twists and turns in the plot . Many of the characters in this drama are not what nor who they appear to be at first . This only adds to the overall uneasiness of the story . Is Ben Turner really who he says he is ? Is Rachel Munro simply a grieving mother , unable to move on with her life after her daughter was killed 20 years ago , or is she more unstable -- unable to accept that perhaps Ben did not murder her child . Her anger and horror when she learns how the police `` helped '' convict Ben turns to anguish -- not only has she lost 20 years of her life hating the wrong person , but the real killer is still free.There is also an interesting unlying theme of redemption and rehabilitation running throughout the story . If Ben did kill Rachel 's child , he certainly does not appear to be the same person that he was 20 years ago . He now has a wife , a daughter , and a child on the way of his own . He and his wife seem to have a good marriage . It does not seem likely that he killed the little girl in his daughter 's class . Yet , once his friends and neighbors learn that he is a suspect -LRB- and has been convicted of a similar crime in the past -RRB- , those friendships are altered . The trust is no longer there . Rachel 's role in this is also interesting -- is she so set upon revenge for her daughter 's death that she no longer cares whether she is persecuting the wrong person ? Or is she just unstable?The story does not neatly tie up loose ends . The revelation of the killers of both girls leaves more questions about the characters and the family relationships . You will not forget this mystery . Highly recommended .
 Going through some Paul McGann movies online , I ran across this little gem . Rarely do I buy dvds that I 'm not familiar with , but this one grabbed me and would n't let go . I sat through the whole thing , not knowing where it was leading me . Rarely do you see in a mystery how a crime affects each member of the community and the relationships . This one has it all . Highly recommended ! .
 American fans of PBS 's MYSTERY or A&E 's MYSTERIES -LRB- both of which air British thrillers -RRB- , wo n't be disappointed in this superbly crafted and richly atmospheric mystery/thriller . The enigmatic and elegent Amanda Burton -LRB- known to mystery fans as Dr. Sam Ryan in the SILENT WITNESS series -- and who is not the child of Richard Burton and Elizabeth Taylor in spite of the fact that she bears the Burton name and looks very much like Taylor -RRB- , stars as a woman of mystery who returns to a small village with ulterior motives.I wo n't say any more about the story or plot , as Amazon 's descrpition sums it up about as well as can be done without revealing too much . The film is presented in three complete 50-minute -LRB- approx -RRB- episodes.My only -LRB- very minor -RRB- complaint was the screenwriter 's choice of the person who turns out to be the `` villian '' , who only had what I would call peripheral involvement in the storyline . This seemed to me to be a slight cheat on the part of the screenwriter , but I guess it goes to show us to always suspect everyone.But the story is told so well , and the atmosphere is so evocative , that this is only a minor complaint . And there is a nice slew of suspects with which to contend , and several characterizations that are nicely unusual and out of the ordinary -LRB- notably , a lady police investigator very much unlike the stereotypical inspector -RRB- . Although not gory or overly violent , it is presented in a tone of realism , not in the tone of a `` for-fun '' who-dun-it like , say , MISS MARPLE or MURDER , SHE WROTE . As to movie rating , I would rate it PG-13 , or soft R , not for children.The film is beautifully photographed in a picturesque little English villiage -LRB- I 'd love to know where ! -RRB- , giving a rich `` atmosphere '' and sense of place to the story . And it ends with an ambiguous yet satisfying `` question mark '' ending that will leave you thinking further about the story and characters.This beautifully filmed thriller will remove you from your surroundings and take you into another world of mystery and intrigue . I was thrilled with this purchase -LRB- no pun intended ! -RRB- . Highly recommended for fans of the genre .
 This was an excellent story . It keeps you off balance until almost the last frame . Extremely well done and I plan to view it again . Several of my fav actors are in it
 Ironically , while doing an update to the catalog of my movie library , I ran across this one and decided to watch it this evening - having no recollection of it . I see that it has great review ratings from other owners , and their details I will leave to you to peruse.This is a great mystery drama . Do n't miss it.Regards , EdB
 This is worth watching . I felt as if I was looking into the lives of the people of this village instead of just watching a show . Storyline and acting are very good . Just when you think you have solved the mystery , the storyline has you second-guessing yourself . You will always be rethinking who the real villain is . The Amazon 's editorial review does a great job in describing this production.This three part series starts of when a local girl goes missing . We shortly learn that the young girl was murdered . And more then that , the murder has been executed in the exact same manner as one that happened twenty years prior . We see how the investigation affects not only everyone in the village , but the inspectors themselves . This is a very real portrayal of what it might be like to live in such a small community when something like this happens . You have to watch it .
 This is an incredible documentary about an amazing man . The film takes you on a ride through the histroy of jazz while telling the story of the phenomonal genius and versatility of Quincy Jones . The movie , and the life it reflects , are structured like a fine jazz number , layered and intricate with a rythem and flow gracefully linked by a unifying theme . Quincy Jones is high on music and life . Do yourself a favor and ... Listen Up !!!
 This is an incredible documentary about an amazing man . The film takes you on a ride through the histroy of jazz while telling the story of the phenomonal genius and versatility of Quincy Jones . The movie , and the life it reflects , are structured like a fine jazz number , layered and intricate with a rythem and flow gracefully linked by a unifying theme . Quincy Jones is high on music and life . Do yourself a favor and ... Listen Up !!!
 QUINCY JONES IS ALWAYS OUT OF CROWN HE IS VERY GREAT TOUCHING PERFECT PRODUCING SHOW YOU EVERY SINGLE LITTLE DETAIL IN THE RECORED I SLAUT HIM AND RESPECT HIS MAGICAL WORK
 Just finished watching it and I never ever stop being amazed of the music history and legiends he has worked with . Sad to know the people in that movie of the legends who speak highly of him , including MJ are no longer here ... I also liked how he kept it real about his relationships and marriages and personal & mental health impacted his career .
 The cool cat with nine lives is music legend Quincy Jones.From humble beginnings on rough streets to icon status on Fifty-Second Street , Jones takes us back to the beginning and SHOWS us -LRB- does n't just TELL us -RRB- his life story in this lush , musical and incredibly creative documentary . Flmmaker Ellen Wiesbrod gets so close to Quincy Jones , capturing so many moods and rememberances , that you can almost hear him think and breathe and grieve . Like great jazz , the film itself jumps with raw energy . One of the most creative pieces of moviemaking I 've watched in a long time -- and it 's a decade old ! Well worth digging up the VHS player to experience . Five stars .
 This is enlightening to anyone who 's ever been a fan or can appreciate the music of Michael Jackson , The Brothers Johnson , Chaka Chan , Ray Charles , Frank Sinatra , or Dinah Washington . Quincy transcends musical excellence and in this film , it gives some insight into how the man became the man he is ; and , also some musical insight into what brought him there .
 quincy jones is music period.this film showcases the many diffrent artists that he has worked with.it 's a true tribute to one of the masters of music.from miles davis to michael jackson , frank sinitra etcc . . the best pay tribute to the best .
 This is an incredible documentary about an amazing man . The film takes you on a ride through the histroy of jazz while telling the story of the phenomonal genius and versatility of Quincy Jones . The movie , and the life it reflects , are structured like a fine jazz number , layered and intricate with a rythem and flow gracefully linked by a unifying theme . Quincy Jones is high on music and life . Do yourself a favor and ... Listen Up !!!
 `` Spit '' is one of my all time favourite little `` nasties '' . It 's sick alright and still very disturbing , even though it was made way back in 1978 . Ok , it 's low , low budget , but that 's why it works.The film 's lack of music throughout makes it all the more off putting.Camille Keaton , as the victim , is an absolute trouper.Rodney , is Gold.This Millennium Edition of `` Spit '' is something my brother and I used to joke about . Ever since we first caught `` Spit '' at the Drive In on it 's original release , the idea of a special edition of `` Spit '' was something we only ever dreamt of one day owning.To have it like this , THX Certified Transfer , Dolby Digital/DTS 5.1 , looking and sounding like it was made yesterday , with extras laid on , you 've got to be kidding.And that cover ai n't half bad either ... hey?Warning : Definately not for the kiddies .
 This is the ultimate femmanist movie . The Spice Girls are wimps compered to the dame in this flick . The acting is terrible , but the revenge plot is good . A film for the women after they 've had an arguement . I 'm still not sure why it 's banned in the U.K , something about the violence !
 `` I Spit On Your Grave '' is not as bad as it 's critics say it is.Yes the rape scenes are hard to watch.And the revenge scenes are fairly tame.Unless you have never know a woman who was raped , or you were raped yourself.You then could not under stand how a woman could do such things.I found this film to be very refreshing.Mainly because any man who rapes a woman should have done to them , what is done to these four men .
 Thank you so much ! I was very impressed with how fast my item arrived and the condition in which it arrived . Thanks again !
 When movies first came out on video there were two legendary exploitation films I had to track down . One was `` The Texas Chainsaw Massacre '' and the other was `` I Spit on Your Grave , '' which is actually the more memorable film of the pair overall -LRB- although I do grant the highest place to the `` hook '' scene in TCM -RRB- . Director Meir Zarchi 's 1978 film has become rather infamous , since critics hated it , audiences were outraged , and the film was banned in Germany and Great Britain . The story , such as it is , finds Jennifer Hill -LRB- Camille Keaton , Buster 's grand-niece -RRB- out in the woods of Connecticut to work on a novel when she crosses the path of some local boys who decide she should be the first sexual partner for their mentally-disabled friend . When he can not complete the rape , his friends do it for him . Then they decide that they are not done with Jennifer.At issue are not Jennifer 's specific acts of revenge , including the infamous bathroom scene , but rather the series of brutal rapes that precede them . I do not want to meet anyone who is not disturbed by these rape scenes and I think it is fairly obvious that Zarchi intended to make audiences uncomfortable . In retrospect you have to wonder about all those movies with rape scenes that do NOT upset the audience -LRB- the current obvious exception that proves the rule would be what happens in `` Monster '' right before the first murder -RRB- . But Zarchi certainly pours it on thick , absolutely assuring that things go beyond the tolerance level of anyone who watches this film . So the bottom line is that this film will upset you and it is therefore effective at doing exactly what it wants to do . I have always considered this an `` X '' rated movie although I would not consider it pornographic in the traditional sense . But it is a very disturbing film and I do not think I would want my kids to see it until after they graduate college -LRB- if ever -RRB- . Anyone renting this film for cheap thrills is in for a shock.As I now understand it , this 1978 film was originally released as `` Day of the Woman , '' but that rather innocuous title was replaced by the well known `` I Spit on Your Grave , '' although the film was also screened as `` I Hate Your Guts '' and `` The Rape and Revenge of Jennifer Hill . '' All of this is interesting since it seems the producers were trying to pass off this film with both higher and lover levels of pretention . The cult status here is more for the shock value than any cheap artistic pretentions , that is for sure .
 I remember first seeing '' I Spit on Your Grave '' twenty plus years ago when I was fifteen or sixteen years old . The video store should have never allowed me to rent it ; this film deserves a stronger rating than R.Certainly , over the years my memory had embellished the film ; nonetheless , it still shocked me , today.It is easy to forget that there are actors following a script . The film is evenly paced and unrelenting . Unlike '' The Last House on the Left , '' there is no comic relief to remind the viewer that there is a director . One is forced to confront the brutality of rape and violence.The actress is quite convincing and deserves recognition . The rape scenes are borderline snuff quality except for the fact the editing and directing have moments of brilliance . The men are sickening and easily hated ; they are just vicious animals without any redeeming qualities , yet they are believable . Let us not forget , there are men who commit these attrocities . One can appreciate why she seeks revenge.Without question , the rape scenes are some of the most disturbing moments in cinematic history . The castration scene is unparalleled . The special effects are just that , effective.The DVD is an excellent package . '' I Spit on Your Grave '' is n't presented as a low budget film . It is art ; it 's not a slasher flick ; it 's not meant for entertainment.Buyer beware ...
 Well , now all the folks who wish writer/director Meir Zarchi would explain his controversial , infamous , and disturbing rape and revenge film can get their wish for the price of this Millennium edition DVD , which includes a feature-length commentary by Zarchi . In this commentary , Zarchi confirms what this film 's defenders -LRB- including me -RRB- have been claiming all along -- that his intention was definitely not to promote rape to his male viewers , but rather to expose the true ugliness of the crime . He talks at length about the real-life encounter with a rape victim that inspired the film , and about the people he worked with in making it . He also discusses the technical aspects in enough detail to prove this is not the shoddy , haphazard production some folks want to claim it is . I also learned a few interesting facts about the film business in general . For example , when you submit a movie to the MPAA , they 'll tell you it has to be cut to get an R rating , but they wo n't tell you WHAT to cut.Besides answering your questions about the film , Zarchi 's commentary also provides a clue as to what sort of person he is . Overall , he comes across as intelligent , articulate , and even compassionate.However , he also comes across as a bit egotistical , which is why the second feature-length commentary by Joe Bob Briggs is useful for its more balanced perspective . Although Briggs defends the movie , pointing out specific scenes that exemplify its anti-rape viewpoint , he 's objective enough to point out flaws where he sees them . For example , why on earth did Johnny send the mentally-challenged Matthew back to the house to kill Jennifer , when Matthew was almost certain to bungle the job ? Briggs also addresses two ethical questions that have always bothered me . The first is whether Matthew deserves to die , and the second is whether Johnny 's wife and children deserve to have their husband/father respectively taken away from them.This DVD also includes various trailers , TV spots , and posters , including some promoting the movie under its original title , DAY OF THE WOMAN . There are also posted from a wide assortment of countries , in a wide assortment of languages . I wish the extras had also included the original version of the opening , with the title DAY OF THE WOMAN in the credits , but maybe there are no prints in existence.So , if you want to own this movie on DVD , this is the edition to buy . If you own an earlier edition , you might consider selling it to raise part of the price of this one .
 I am so tired of reading posts about how somebody `` ca n't believe that anyone would watch this trash , '' `` this movie is a waste of time , '' etc. . I am equally tired of reading the obligatory disclaimers that every supporter of this movie seems to include in posts about how watching a rape scene is so difficult , and implying that a rape scene is the most horrible thing that can possibly be filmed.I think it 's interesting that rape is so taboo , but just about any other form of violence is not at all . Look at Silence of the Lambs , for instance . That is a critically acclaimed movie that is aired on network TV at least twice a year , and it seems to be the sort of gruesome torture movie that the whole family can love ! How is Buffalo Bill 's serial-killing of women , and torturing of women by keeping them in a well in his basement , less disturbing than a woman being raped?That movie not graphic enough for the argument to be valid ? How about the new -LRB- and thoroughly crappy -RRB- movie , Hostel . Aside from the fact that the movie is just not a good film in the genre , look at its content
 In the UK , this film was on the very top of the ` video nasties ' list of 1984 , along with ` New York Ripper ' and ` Cannibal Holocaust ' . However , having finally watched it , I can not see what all the fuss was about . True - it is a disturbing film which does feature pro-longed rape scenes and sadistic levels of revenge -LRB- very understandable too ! -RRB- , but comes across as exactly what it is - a ` rape/revenge shocker ' . The film itself is alittle twisted , Meir Zarchi spending almost too long showing scenes of brutal rape -LRB- however , never in a pornographic fashion - this is realistic violence and well acted -RRB- . The lack of music is also very clever , adding to the realism . The plot is thin , but the acting holds it up and overall , I would suggest that if you are curious , as I was , then watch it atleast once , before jumping on the bandwagon and condemning it before even seeing it -LRB- as many others have -RRB- . This version is both uncut and fully re-mastered , another fantastic job by ` Anchor Bay ' who seem to transfer most notorious classics extremely well to both VHS and DVD - forcing me to add another star to the review.Hate this film or like it - it is well made and does have a message ; the way that the message is delivered is so full on , that most viewers could be upset by it , but then , is n't this the intention anyway - do you really want to watch a film about rape that is both comfortable and enjoyable ?
 I plan on never watching this film again . So why did I give it 5 stars ? Well , art can perform more than one function . It can be used to entertain , but that is n't its only purpose . Art can also be used to get across a message or hold a mirror up to society . Unfortunately , while serious books and art can treat horrible subjects with great frankness and without entertaining and still receive great praise , movies are stereotypically seen as more of an entertainment medium , so when a movie comes along that does n't even try to be entertaining , people do n't know how to react.This movie is not in the least bit entertaining . In fact , watching it is a rather horrible experience , but it should be . Any movie that pretends to treat the subject of rape seriously should be discomforting . This movie has one of the most powerful depictions of rape I have ever seen . Other major hollywood films that have tackled the subject of rape , like the one starring Jodie Foster -LRB- I forget its name -RRB- , are lauded for their powerful depictions of rape , but when a more effective , low-budget depiction like this one comes along , one that gets across the horror of the act far more powerfully , it gets dismissed as exploitation.Sure , the cover art is rather exploitative and seems to be geared towards attracting viewers looking for sexual thrills , and the same goes for the trailer , but the film itself is not one bit as exploitative as , say , the Deliverance . It is an excellent depiction of the brutality of rape , the sexual immaturity of rapists , the cowardly nature of the act , and the fact that it is an act committed by those who usually feel powerless in everyday life . The lead female , while staying at a remote cottage in order to write a novel , is gang raped and left for dead . She starts trying to rebuild her life -LRB- her taping together of her torn up manuscript is an excellent symbolism for this -RRB- , but is then discovered to still be alive by her rapists . She then kills off the rapists one by one . Perhaps not the most admirable of choices -LRB- although they did try to murder her -RRB- , but the manner in which she kills each of them , playing off of their psychological weaknesses , brilliantly makes a point about the pathetic nature of rapists.All praise aside , it IS a disturbing movie to watch and one I hope nobody will find entertaining , and as a result I do n't plan on watching it again . Once is enough . But that makes this great art .
 Why is this brilliant film so maligned by so many so-called film critics ? It is a gripping , intelligent anti-rape film , which is brilliantly acted by a cast of unknowns -LRB- though star Camille Keaton appeared in several Italian exploitation films -RRB- . The ` Videohound ' reviewer said that the scenes in the film were irresponsibly portrayed , which is a total joke . The reason why this film has such an impact is because it is so realistic ; because of the lack of music , the great acting , and most importantly , the fact that the film is so subtle . In the rape and the murder scenes , the viewer sees very little ; there is hardly any gore or graphicness . That is not irresponsible , that is brilliant film making . Anyone who thinks this film could encourage rapists obviously has n't seen it , as the rapists get their brutal come-uppance . In fact , this film should be shown to convicted rapists over and over , like the pavlovian therapy meted out to Alex in ' A Clockwork Orange ' ; It might make them think twice about raping again . I think that ISOYG comes across as a feminist film , though wether or not Meir Zarchi intended this is hard to tell .
 When movies first came out on video there were two legendary exploitation films I had to track down . One was `` The Texas Chainsaw Massacre '' and the other was `` I Spit on Your Grave , '' which is actually the more memorable film of the pair overall -LRB- although I do grant the highest place to the `` hook '' scene in TCM -RRB- . Director Meir Zarchi 's 1978 film has become rather infamous , since critics hated it , audiences were outraged , and the film was banned in Germany and Great Britain . The story , such as it is , finds Jennifer Hill -LRB- Camille Keaton , Buster 's grand-niece -RRB- out in the woods of Connecticut to work on a novel when she crosses the path of some local boys who decide she should be the first sexual partner for their mentally-disabled friend . When he can not complete the rape , his friends do it for him . Then they decide that they are not done with Jennifer.At issue are not Jennifer 's specific acts of revenge , including the infamous bathroom scene , but rather the series of brutal rapes that precede them . I do not want to meet anyone who is not disturbed by these rape scenes and I think it is fairly obvious that Zarchi intended to make audiences uncomfortable . In retrospect you have to wonder about all those movies with rape scenes that do NOT upset the audience . But Zarchi certainly pours it on thick , absolutely assuring that things go beyond the tolerance level of anyone who watches this film . So the bottom line is that this film will upset you and it is therefore effective at doing exactly what it wants to do , which is supposed to be a good thing , right ? I have always considered this an `` X '' rated movie although I would not consider it pornographic in the traditional sense . But it is a very disturbing film and I do not think I would want my kids to see it until after they graduate college -LRB- if ever -RRB- . Anyone renting this film for cheap thrills is in for a shock.As I now understand it , this 1978 film was originally released as `` Day of the Woman , '' but that rather innocuous title was replaced by the well known `` I Spit on Your Grave , '' although the film was also screened as `` I Hate Your Guts '' and `` The Rape and Revenge of Jennifer Hill . '' All of this is interesting since it seems the producers were trying to pass off this film with both higher and lover levels of pretention . Beyond being letterboxed , this DVD offers nothing than the cheesy original theatrical trailer . But this is one film where you would certainly like to have to hear what the director has to say .
 I really enjoyed this movie , i am a huge movie buff horror and disturbed movies are among my favorites , I Spit On Your Grave was a really good revenge movie it is set in the 80s a women goes to a remote cabin for a get away she is raped and tortured over and over again by 4 men , she is left for dead , but does not die she vows revenge , and gets it , in very horrorific ways , it is a great revenge movie i highly recomend this movie , along with last house on the left .
 this movie really wasent scary well except the bathtub sceen and the ending but still a good flick worth about $ 8.00
 A lot of these older horror films fall into the rut of being slow involving little dialogue with long stretches of setup for the messes , but I SPIT ON YOUR GRAVE manages to have enough intrigue to hold on . I have a horrible attention span for movies , usually finishing them in several sittings or not at all , but this one was definitely a sitdown watch it all the way through movie.Obviously , it is about rape and revenge . It 's incredibly graphic in the rape , and just as heartless . Then it 's those long stretches of setup , but the payoff is great as we see her inflict double the terror upon her assailants .
 What 's with everyone giving their dissertations like this is a college class ? If you 're reading these reviews , you know what the film is about , or at least you 've heard of the film . This one is sick and it lives up to its reputation . The men raping poor Camile Keaton is n't repulsive . The way she kills them off one by one is n't repugnant , either -LRB- although kudos to the bathtub scene - Ouch ! -RRB- . It 's the demise and slow decay of her charachter 's persona onscreen that 's disturbing . Her innocence and naivety being replaced by the madness and pain brewing within her which would only be repressed and quieted by committing these horrendous crimes is the core of the story . If you 're an ultra-gore fan , check this out . If you do n't think you can handle something like this , chances are , you wo n't be able to .
 That scene alone will haunt many men if they choose to view it . It 's done so disarmingly that you just stare in disbelief at what has just happened . Definitely the most memorable scene in the film.As you will have gathered , this infamous film was banned by UK -LRB- under the Video Nasties Act -RRB- and Germany as well . It involves the story of an aspiring novelist Jennifer -LRB- Camille Keaton -RRB- who escapes the hustle and bustle of New York to try to finish her novel . All looks so peaceful and tranquil that you do n't really expect anything to happen . But then things take a turn for the worse as Jennifer is gang raped not once , not twice but THREE times . It 's awful to see this happen to anyone . The fact that she tries to crawl to her bedroom to phone the police only for her attackers to come back again and inflict more damage is just terrible.Having said that you can really see the limitations of the actual '' rape '' scenes . They use some scenes again and again that you can easily catch out and it sometimes takes a little sting out of the actual scene . Do n't get me wrong , the way the guys just wo n't let her go and get one of them to kill her is awful but you can see the limitations the director had in trying to film the scenes.Jennifer somehow manages to survive these attacks which seems like a miracle given that she was spared being stabbed by the village idiot . Eventually he gets found out that he did n't stab her and is beaten up for not finishing off the job.Later on she decides that the only course of action she can take is revenge . Some women might enjoy this aspect while others may feel that she 's stooping to their level . Whatever your view , this part of the movie is where it really kicks into gear . First off the list is the village idiot and then the ringleader who , as I mentioned in first paragraph , suffers the most awful death of the lot . And then the final two sidekicks get knocked off as well.I suppose this film can be viewed as a feminist statement of revenge being a dish best served cold . The film certainly works despite the limitations of budget and the cut-back scenes between the gang-rapists . That being the only real fault of this film . The acting is pretty good for a horror movie . Camille Keaton portrays her role convincingly during the aftermath of the rape scene and the film in general.This film is really hard to recommend . Most people will be disgusted that '' this piece of trash ever existed '' but for anyone who likes to watch a movie that has gained infamy and notoriety due to being a '' Video Nasty '' in Britain ... then this is the movie for them . But even then I do n't know if they 'd want to watch this
 Disturbing . Shocking . Repulsive . Powerful . Filmed nearly documentary style , with very little musical score , this film has a sense of urgency , of power , and of helplessness . Loosely based on a true storey -LRB- AKA
 i think films like this although they are hard to watch are much better than those that glorify violence against women . i have seen some really weird reviews on horrornews. ; net on a part called the 25 most distrubing films of all time . i dont think i ever want to see things like asian cat 3 films or august underground or some of the others . personally this film or last house on the left are about as rough as i care to get . although i did order 2000 maniacs recently . i think this film does have a moral and artistic merit and is making some kind of statement
 I Spit on Your Grave -LRB- 1978 release -RRB- - is a movie that runs the gamut of viewer reaction . It runs all the way from exploitive trash to great female empowerment movie . I do n't understand either of the extremes . It is a very disturbing movie , but how do you make a movie about rape that both depicts it & calls the motivations of every participant into question without being disturbing , even disgusting . Most films refuse to portray rape in all its vile violent nature . That ca n't be said of this movie , although there is no penetration shown in this one.The set up is common enough , a writer of short stories leaves New York for the country & a summer house on a river to write her first novel . She 's a typical New York gal , modern , unassuming , fun loving & a more than a little nave about her safety . She meets a gas station attendant & is seen by two of his cohorts . They are of course bored by the lack of activity & interested in this fresh addition to their neighborhood . There 's a man with a child-like mind involved playing a grocery delivery boy too.They all know each other & undercover of providing their man-child a way of getting rid of his virginity they take advantage of her solitude on the river to repeatedly sexually assault her . A warning here as these scenes are violently graphic & sexual , even by today 's standards.The movie continues with the girl 's reaction to the extreme violence & her choices between reporting them , acting as if it did n't happen or seeking revenge . She chooses the latter & it is as violent as the assault on her . I 'm trying to avoid using many spoilers here but once again a psychologically disturbing & violent ending is in store . I 'm surprised this film does n't cause a lot of discussion about the effects of rape on the perpetrators , the victim , the vengeance , the role that law should play & especially about what this girls future life is going to be like . Perhaps it does that in a film class . It 's a low budget show but the photography is OK & the acting is dead on . Perhaps the make-up department could have done better on the wounds but they are good enough for this show , like I said , limited budget.The story here is a portrayal of what rape is really like & it 's there on screen . If it makes you squeamish that 's because it should . It 's a vile & violent crime that was ignored for centuries ; all the motivations of those that defend rapists are also depicted here . There 's little held back . You have to move into porn to get a more realistic image of rape . Due to those reason 's I feel it was a good idea to make the movie . It 's definitely not a good idea to watch it repeatedly as there is no reason to . You wo n't forget what you see . I 've seen it twice in over 30 years & the second viewing did n't change my memories of what happened.You will not see a slick Hollywood production number here but you will see through the eyes of the victim the dirt , mud , blood & desperation of a victim . You 're reaction to the ending may run from disgust to elation or concern . That was my reaction , concern . What future is there available at the end of this extremely graphic tale ? That alone should cause some discussion .
 Well , as always it seems , I do things backwards . I watched the 2010 remakeI Spit on Your Gravebefore I watched this original 1978 `` I Spit on Your Grave - Day of the Woman . '' I 'm glad I watched both - they both have their strengths.I do n't think either are the type of movies you ENJOY . You experience them at a visceral level.I was very impressed with this version . The cinematography was superb - clear , wonderful color , interesting perspectives . There was no background musical score and I think that added a lot to the movie - you could hear every sound and the silences added to the drama.There was more nudity in this version - male and female ; much more solely physical rape scenes - I can definitely understand the NR rating , ESPECIALLY for 1978 . An extra on the DVD for this version is a discussion with the director , Meir Zarchi , which was enlightening.The 2011 version had much more of a psychological/emotional buildup to the rapes , which added to the scare factor . And the revenge sequence in the newer movie was much more brutal . Also , I thought the part of Matthew was much better played in the newer version , not such a caricature of a mentally troubled young man.The stories are n't exactly alike but both are very good , for the genre they are . Both actresses playing Jennifer Hills - Camille Keaton -LRB- 1978 -RRB- and Sarah Butler -LRB- 2010 -RRB- did outstanding jobs.Both versions deserve their NR ratings - these are not movies for anyone but adult - and a LOT of adults wo n't want to be watching them either . They are hard movies to watch , especially for women I think .
 i 've been watching sexploitation , `` t & a '' horror films since my early teen years . i believe these films were made to get into the viewers head and mess with it . i spit on your grave dose just that . i do n't believe this movie or other movies like it will compel you to reinact any of the violence or torture , but it will affect you emotionally.it will also affect how you relate to people.those of you that have a strong belief in god stay away!this movie is nothing more then a portrait of men -LSB- the black part of our hart & soul -RSB- what we have to fight against unleashing upon women.the saving grace of movies like this for me are hot naked women putting men in their place.if that kind of stuff is up your alley , two of my other favorite movies are
 I SPIT ON YOUR GRAVE has been the source of controversy for decades since its initial release in 1978 . As a rape and revenge film , it belongs to a very specific sub-genre of cinema that many critics consider to be intolerable exploitation . On the other hand , fans of these movies must consider it to be top-ranking in this particular category . In it , Jennifer heads off to a small getaway by the lake so that she can relax and complete her work on her first novel . Her arrival draws the attention of four degenerates in town , who abduct her and repeatedly rape her out in the woods . Just when it seems she has escaped , she returns home only to find the men there waiting for her . Jennifer barely survives the brutal attacks , but rather than going to the police , she regains her strength and sets out to seduce each of the men before exacting her own bloody revenge!What makes I SPIT ON YOUR GRAVE so powerful is that it never glamorizes the rape sequences . In fact , they are hardly bearable to watch due to Camille Keaton 's harrowing screams and failed attempts to free herself . There are hints of hesitation and regret that come from several of the men that humanize the characters , which is even more dangerous than painting them to be soulless monsters since it draws them back into reality . It is not just the extreme violence against women that must critics condemn , but the manner in which the subject of rape is handled . Jennifer 's independence and sexual liberation entice the men , which seems to suggest the common excuse that `` She was asking for it . '' They hoot and holler as they each take their turns with her , shouting `` You want to be a man , do n't you ? '' This has brought fire down on the film , since it seems to depict that Meir Zarchi 's views rape as a sex act , and not as an act of power and domination . It is n't enough for Jennifer to suffer physically , but she is humiliated as well as the men mockingly read from her unfinished novel before destroying her work.The original title of DAY OF THE WOMAN can also help in reading the film as an underestimated but radically pro-feminist work . Jennifer is entirely independent and successful , writing for a number of women 's magazines before setting off to complete her own novel . Her sexual freedom is a demonstration of a progressive society where women are treated equally to men -LRB- though the men in this story try to restore prior order -RRB- . Even during the attacks , Jennifer is never depicted as being weak . She struggles with all of her might , but she is overwhelmed and outnumbered . After , she becomes that much stronger and more cunning , and she uses that strength to emasculate and eviscerate her adversaries . At the heart of any rape and revenge story is the revenge , and being that this is a Horror movie , Jennifer 's revenge is swift and painful . Each of the men suffer a terrible death at her hands , the worst of which involves a knife and a bathtub as she takes the lead villain 's manhood in hand.I SPIT ON YOUR GRAVE remains an undisputed classic in the rape and revenge genre , and its notoriety as such has kept it banned in countless countries around the world for over thirty years . To say that it is nothing more than despicable exploitation , however , is to blindly overlook many of stronger points that Meir Zarchi brings to the screen.-Carl ManesI Like Horror Movies
 This film is infamous in many ways . It has what is believed to be the longest rape scene in movie history -LRB- approximately a half hour of brutally graphic violence -RRB- . It also features a castration scene that caused many theater goers at the time to throw up . It has been banned in numerous countries , and most professional movie critics have labeled this film one of the worst ever . I do n't agree at all.Camille Keaton does a brilliant job playing a rape victim who ultimately gets brutal revenge against her attackers . The rapists display the worst possible male qualities and do so in a very believable way . As a male , I found this a bit nauseating . But as part of the film , it is very effective.The directing and overall cinematography are very well done and -LRB- famously -RRB- done without a soundtrack . I believe this is a very important film within the horror genre -LRB- although it is more suspenseful than scary -RRB- and is also a significant part of film history in general.The title and cover image for this film seem to portray the movie as a low quality `` skin flick . '' That 's not the case at all . It 's extremely graphic and disturbing , but in a artistic and quality way . Just do n't plan on watching it as part of family movie night at your home . I do n't think anybody under the age of 18 should see this film.Other than the cover image , the DVD presentation is well done and includes trailers , reviews , movie posters , etc. .
 This movie among a few others is one of my favorite horror films . This movie is about revenge and I also believe it tackles an interesting subject-RAPE . Rape is a subject most often portrayed in a mild manner , however in this film it is portrayed in a very graphic nature . This is something that should not be taking place in the world - but it does.The movie may be offensive to some people because of the brutal and graphic rape sequences.Originally titled Day of the Woman , which fits the film quite well , is unequaled in my opinion by any other film in the genre.This is the most graphic and brutal portrayal of rape EVER brought to the screen.This film is quite good and I highly recommend it to anyone who thinks they can stomach it !!! This film is not for the squeamish.See it at your own risk !!! NOTE
 A friend of mine and I watched this movie , expecting a cool horror movie , we had heard about the scene where she cuts off an attackers penis , and thought it would be a fun movie . well , we were about as wrong as we 've ever been.THE STORY
 I bought this movie because I was intrigued by it . The cinematography is incredible . Visually , it is stunning . The rape scenes ARE savage , but I was touched by the emotional devastation the actress was able to convey . As a woman I was rooting for the heroine and I must admit I was a little disappointed in the ease with which she dispatched three of her assailants . Her revenge on Matthew was `` OK '' but I would have liked to have seen a little blood and gore . When I first saw the bathtub scene between the heroine and Johnny I was a little nauseated by all the blood but I could n't help but laugh at the way she dispatched him . The heroine 's numb composure throughout the revenge sequences is fully understandable -LRB- that is , if you 're a woman -RRB- . Kudos to Ms. Keaton for a very persuasive acting job .
 I first saw this in 1984 as a teenager . The video tape was probably the cut version . It left an impression on me because of the awful scenes , but I remember thinking how brilliant Camille Keaton was in her role as the victim . Very convincing . Seeing the uncut DVD version recently , as an adult , I still find the film disturbing but not in the way so many do . It is often referred to as the video nasty , brutal and disgusting . Released back in 1978 , the film did poorly at the box office until they renamed it to `` I spit on your grave '' . One has to feel that the new title helped push the movie to being banned . It drew so much attention to it . By today 's standards , and if you compare it to a film such as 2003 's `` Irreversible '' , the film is n't as difficult to sit through as some would have you believe . Yes , the rape scenes are awful , but look beyond that , and the film does have other key merits like the brilliant acting from Camille , beautiful cinematography , and the tension building scenes.What happens in this film , unfortunately , occurs in real life over and over . The Director made the film after helping a lady who had been raped and saw her crawling out of the bushes . The film was his way of getting back at her victims.Look beyond the rape scenes , and you will see a film of courage and revenge . The fact that so many people talk about this film indicates that the Director has succeeded in his mission . To remind us of the nastiness that goes on in this world , and that we should fight it.Definitely worth a viewing .
 This film should inspire all who have been victimized in this world . Of course I am joking . At last a film with absolutely no redeeming qualities to it . This is a revenge film . It is graphically violent and is quite sadistic . Do n't expect to see any high budget gore . This is a true brutally violent movie . After a woman is gang raped by several men , she decides to take the law into her own hands and deal out her revenge . The rape scene is long and drawn out and is quite brutal . Rarely do movie rape scenes get this brutal . It actually gives a sense of reality in its brutality that is rare in film . Real rape is extremely violent and this film does nothing to cover it up . Not that that 's a redeeming quality . There is nothing to like about this film unless your sick but that is why its actually good . There is no feeling sorry when she enacts her revenge on these men . There is absolutely no warmth in this film . No heros . This film is completely cold from beginning to end . The bath tub scene is the highlight of the film . Before Miss Bobbet there was I Spit on Your Grave . Its not one of the most entertaining films . Do n't expect to be entertained . Expect to be left with an empty feeling after watching this one .
 After it has sat in my dvd horror section for a couple of months I finally got round to watching this movie all of the way through.I have to say I was excited to get hold of this movie as it is banned in Britain , and I am a sucker for any films with a bit of contreversy around them.The picture has been niceley cleaned up for a old movie like this , and the colours come through very well and I beleive it has DD51 sound as well but this will not make much impact on your speakers as most of the time the film is fairly quiet.The film is acted well , by all of the small cast , and Camille Keaton is hot.I would like to see more of her and will be looking out for anymore of her work from now on.The story is fairly simple , but somehow works.The scenes of rape are fairly graphic , but nowhere near as bad as I thought they would be.The strange thing is there is no score at all , but perhaps that is supposed to add to the realism , also after the rape there are no flashbacks or anything , she just has a bath a bit of a weep and goes to church , says a prayer and becomes a serial revenge killer.I felt that it would have been more realistic if there was more of a build up of her emotions , perhaps considering going to the police but then not , some flashbacks that sort of show the state of her mind as she decides to take the course of action that she does etc , but no.This does not mean I did not enjoy this film still , as i did.You must of heard of the infamous bath attack by now , and allthough you do not see that much I guarentee it will still have you squirming if you are a male , and you will never let a woman you may have upset near your bath again!The downside of the package is the total lack of extra material on the disc , all that is on offer is a paltry trailer.Sureley there must be some articles available on a movie as contreversial as this one.Still a good buy especially if you are from a country that has banned it.Dave B -LRB- again ! -RRB-
 This is a sick , disgusting , movie . -LRB- It was great !! -RRB- WARNING THIS IS NOT FOR THE FAINT OF HEART.This film may be low budget , but the acting and the plot of the story are both great.The scenes in this movie are very realistic and some parts of this movie seamed so real they did n't appear to be fake at all.If you love scary movies and you like revenge , get this it makes deliverence and carrie look like it was done by disney.But get this movie , you will thank yourself if you are a horror fan .
 Viewed
 This 1978 sexploitation flick written and directed by Meir Zarchi offered a strong commentary on feminism and sexuality . Starring Camille Keaton , the granddaughter of my personal hero Buster Keaton , as a young writer who rents a country cottage for a summer to have the solitude necessary to finally make her stab at writing the great American novel . Unfortunately , she runs into a small group of small town redneck degenerates , who quite brutally beat and repeatedly rape and torture her . Left alone to deal with the trauma , and without any resources or allies , she has no choice but to take matters into her own hands in a series of shocking acts of vengeance.While the prolonged brutality of the rape scenes are indeed hard to watch , knowing that this movie has always garnered demeaning attentions is almost as vulgar . This is a damn good film , regardless of the realism of its violence and psychological turmoil . Keaton is very beautiful in a plain , easily identifiable way , thereby getting extra sympathy from pre-programmed Western audiences . And her bravery in undertaking such a performance where she is naked and bloody for much of her screen time is a statement to her credibility as an actress and an artist . While the victimization is painstakingly real , as I have seen myself through my own activities in the cause of Domestic Violence Awareness , the inadvertent heroine 's responses are sadly unreal , although hopefully have and will serve as inspiration to any victims of assault lacking empowerment.I understand there has been a more recent remake , but being a traditionalist I always prefer the originals . I Spit On Your Grave is a true cult classic , and when viewed in mixed company will lead directly to some interesting debates and commentary . This is what art should do .
 I Spit On Your Grave is perhaps one of the best revenge stories ever told on film . The story is very captivating and the gore satisfies . Only a few revenge movies have really had an impact , And this is one of them.The story revolves around a beautiful author who is taking a peaceful and relaxing vacation in a cabin . Of course this is all blown to hell when a local man and his pals notice the young woman at a gas station . He finds it practical to follow this woman and attempt to make a play at her . When she declines , He dose n't take no for an answer.He and his pack of goons brutally rape and beat her to the point of death . But when she recovers she is n't going to let it slide that easily . She suduces the leader of these men who just so happens to have a wife and children into believing that she liked what happened . And wants more . Of course this is not the case . She gets him into a position to where he is so comfortable that he lies back and lets her cut his penis off . In a hilarious scene that is guaranteed to make a male viewer squirm.The film is controversal , But we already know that . We already know that it was considered a woman hating piece of garbage . Never the less i 'm not going to go into a big story about it.I hope that you decide to purchase this film . It will make any horror fans day !
 I first saw this movie when i was 13 years old , my mom thought it would be the `` one movie that could scare me '' imagine her suprise when she watched it the next day and saw all the nudity . HAHAhAh it was funny then and more so now . The rape scenes are realistic to say the least , the plot is good , and the castration in the tub ... at 13 it hurt me , now at 25 it still hurts to watch . This is a must for PPL who like good old fashion GORE and some fake snuff filmesk scenes .
 To give you an idea which side of the fence I 'm on regarding whether the rape-revenge film I Spit on Your Grave is a female empowerment masterpiece or exploitation garbage , I submit the following
 Apart from that , a work of genius . I love it . A see once movie really , as it does not and can not have the same impact twice . Very Andrea Dworkin , even the humour . Looked Scandinavian and reminded me of Bergman -LRB- Virgin Spring ? -RRB- Has a memorable Boudica like climax only missing the Ride of the Valkyries on the soundtrack . Just great stuff.A writer at the time related the polarized reactions in the theatre . `` Kill the b *** h ! '' Reposted on the distaff side with `` right on , sister ! '' Unfortunately , certain parties did n't want things out in the open and the film suffered censure . There 's a book to be written on the moral questions raised by the retarded guy alone , but I 'll focus on a couple of things . The pivotal moment when Jennifer lowers her gun when she has her tormentor at her mercy . Does he have a point ? Yes and no . At that moment it 's like she reaches an understanding with nature and Keaton 's enigmatic performance nails it . Is Jennifer 's transformation too sudden or was she like that from the start ? Another unexpected aspect is the ridiculing of her writing . In an odd way this really gets to you more than the rape . In a stroke of genius that makes the film , Jennifer seems to become ` Mary ' , a fictional character or characters in her own writing , descending upon the men like some incubus and getting poetic revenge for that particular sleight . In fact , I ca n't make up my mind if the film is merely -LRB- ? -RRB- didactic , or a poetic lament . What it has to say about sexual politics is true.Director 's commentary
 If you are interested in losing `` sanity points '' , then you should own or rent this movie . I am a horror movie buff and this movie disturbed me . ... this movie is , in my mind , THE most disquieting movie I have ever seen . If you are interested in seeing manipulation of a `` slow '' person , rape of a beautiful woman , and the revenge of the aforementioned beautiful woman than this is your film . Evil , but a glorious example of true revenge . An `` eye for and eye , etc '' is portrayed in its most graphic sense in this film .
 It seems as though a lot of people misunderstand Meir Zarchi 's purpose for this film . These people need to watch it again and listen to his audio commentary . They label it exploitation -LRB- as I had done for so long -RRB- , but Zarchi did not have that intention . As for the title , `` I Spit On Your Grave '' , that was a marketing scheme by some exec , again , not Zarchi 's idea . His intended title `` Day Of The Woman '' appears on this millenium ed . case under a.k.a. -LRB- I never did see why it was called `` I Spit On Your grave '' anyway - i thought it was a dumb title . `` Day Of The Woman '' makes more sense -RRB- . When I listened to Zarchi 's commentary , it all became clear to meas he tells of the horrible event that inspired this film . As for the rape scenes , yes , it is long and hard to watch , but Zarchi is driving home the sick reality of the crime of rape and in doing so , he is pushing us into Jennifer 's corner - on her side - so we 'll root for her and hold in contempt her violators.When Jennifer does get her revenge , it is , i believe , Zarchi 's messeage that this is what should happen to rapists ; but never does . I agree.So I will never again refer to this film as exploitation and I will call it by its proper name `` Day Of The Woman '' . Those of you who ca n't stomach it , that 's understandable , but people who just bash it on the grounds of its brutality and say it is degrading to women , need to wake up ! Siskel and Ebert even stood outside theaters when this film opened up urging people not to watch it ... how stupid ! If anything this is a Feminist film about how a woman perservered.Two more things : * Also listen to Joe Bob Briggs ' commentary * I wonder what Roeper thinks of it
 Jennifer is a writer who heads out to a country cabin to spend time writing her novel . What she did n't count on was the small town local yokels , a group of savage ... . rednecks who see her as an easy target.Which she is . They all set upon her and rape her one by one , in a fairly drawn out part of the movie . She is raped , then let go , then caught and raped again , then let go , then caught and raped again , and so forth . Finally , the `` boys '' convince the dim-witted grocery deliver boy to go back in and kill her , which he finds he can not do , so he fakes it.So what 's a girl to do ? Instead of reporting the crimes , Jennifer decides to get even . One by one , she picks her assailants off . The bathtub scene is not to be missed , and what separates this from the rest of the cheesily made 70 's splatter films is her languid calmness as she sets about her business.The down side of this is that the DVD version promises digital remastering . That 's fine , but do n't count on good sound quality , if they remastered the video they seemed to have forgotten about the audio . The sound is as bad as it was in the original.What made this movie so scandelous back in the 70 's was the nudity and what was , back then , a fairly realistic and brutally intact rape scene . Watching it again now , it is as cheesy as the rest of the movie , and yet still holds it 's entertainment value against the newer and better made films.If you are a fan of cheesy older splatter films , you will love this movie . If you are not , you might want to pick up something else . All in all , I give it four stars . Enjoy .
 Surely you 've heard the hype , but does this film live up to its reputation ? Well that depends on whether you are expecting a sleazy trashy exploitation flick or a shocking cult classic.Is it a good movie ? By conventional standards like budget , dramatic acting , star power ect , this film is a dismal failure , a cheap exploitation flick nothing more many will tell you . Most people would read the title and just assume it 's bad . But really this film is brilliantly directed , does it matter how much it cost to make ? Is it still an exploitation flick when the director married the actress who is being ` exploited ' ? Why is it that films like this which use more naturalistic acting as opposed to dramatic acting are automatically classed as being poorly acted ? Were n't the cast convincingly real especially Camille Keaton with her brave and harrowing performance ? So what if everyone involved never went on to bigger projects or never appeared in any other films , this film will live in infamy forever and the stunningly beautiful Camille Keaton is already an immortal icon in cult horror . If it was better known under the more noble title `` Day of the Woman '' and not `` I Spit on Your Grave '' -LRB- which is about as campy as titles `` Surf Nazis Must Die '' and `` Nude for Satan '' -RRB- would it be treated more seriously.The real question is n't whether this is a good moive , but is this good cinema ? Love it or hate it , how can you deny the power of a film that has such an effect on it 's audience . The realism in the rape scenes , the lack of any musical score and voyeuristic yet artistic camera work deliver the kind of shear visceral power that big budget movies these days can only dream of possessing . So yes , this is undeniably spectacular cinema.Why do people hate it ? Roger Ebert would have you believe it 's sick and pure garbage . However read his initial review and you will find he largely justifies his views by reactions from nonthinking audience members which he found appalling and not what was happening on screen . Still there is no shortage of people who call this film sick . Even more sad is how some people out there want to censor or ban this film -LRB- book burning religious zealots no doubt -RRB- just check , theres like two yahoo groups dedicated to this childish cause -LRB- pathetic though as they only have about a dozen members between them -RRB- . This film is not made to be an enjoyable viewing experience , it pulls no punches , just because you do n't like it does that mean it must be sick ? Rape is a horrible crime , would it be more acceptable to portray it any other way?What would posses someone to make such a film ? Meir Zarchi wrote and directed the film after a real life encounter with a rape victim who he took to a police station -LRB- in retrospect he admits she should have gone to the hospital -RRB- and the cops were unsympathetic . This genuine horror he saw which existed in the real world which does n't require werewolves or zombies , is the inspiration for the film . The revenge half of the film obviously an expression of the rage he felt at how the victim was treated , in the real world justice is rarely served . He uses in your face realism to get his message across . Just because his story is simple does n't mean it 's unintelligent . He dodges the one dimensional rapist stereotypes seen in other movies early on by humanising them with crude but still humorous personalities , one even has a family , the message
 This flick has what so many other great flicks have ; nudity and blood . I think this is a great movie , perfect 70 's drive-in camp if you will . Camille Keaton plays her role wonderfully . She played both the victim and the avenger perfectly.This movie is most famous for it 's bathroom scene when Camille kills one of her perpetrators . I also like when the idiot gets hung by his neck and gets dumped in the lake . The only complaint I would have with this movie is that while the first two kills were fabulous , the last two seemed rushed . While the first two were killed separately , the last two were killed together , I admit the ax in the back was great , but the boat motor 's slicing and dicing was not that realistic . I mean who would climb into a boat on top of the motor?You would almost think that this film was written and directed by a militant feminist . I mean the four men are just so dumb . Would they really expect a rape victim to suddenly come on to them and want their company ? And why would the four men discuss rape , murder , and body decomposition in a tiny and crowded ice cream parlor at a volume where everyone can hear?People can say what they want about this film , it 's trash , it has no value , etc. . But how many of the thousands of movies over the last thirty or forty years can claim the same ? I believe it 's the majority . This story could really happen I think , not in the exact way of course , but a story like this is entirely possible , and it would n't be pretty .
 This is not a typical `` spook '' horror movie . The realism of brutality that this movie shows is scary -LRB- something like this could actually happen -RRB- . The rape scenes are graphic and lengthy so women should prepare themselves . Most of the revenge / murder scenes are also graphic , and may be considered equally disturbing or justified . This is one of those movies that stays in your mind after viewing .
 To date , Zarchi 's exploitation classic is the film that all other revenge flicks aspire to be or continue to steal pages from . Even after all these years , people still have great memories of ISOYG and time has truly been more than kind to this brutal cult film . While many other films in the same genre have seemingly fallen off the face of the earth or the cult cinema map , Meir Zarchi 's film will never suffer such a fate.According to the faithful wiki , The film 's original title was Day of the Woman . It was also shown under the title I Hate Your Guts and The Rape and Revenge of Jennifer Hill . The title was changed to I Spit on Your Grave for the 1980 re-release . Meir Zarchi dislikes this title.While I 've never been quite sure whether ISOYG is merely a starchy exploitation flick or a trashy female empowerment story , it 's compelling to say the very least and I do still find myself wanting to revisit Zarchi 's cruel world from time to time . How about now?Jennifer Hills -LRB- played by the truly beautiful Camille Keaton -RRB- wants nothing more than to get away from the hustle and bustle of New York . In order to work on her novel and remain focused , she rents an isolated cottage by the lake in a relatively small town . Naturally , every man in town is attracted to this young woman including a semi-retarded Matthew , a gas station manager -LRB- and married to boot -RRB- Johnny , and two slackers who spend their afternoons just moping around town when not hanging out at the gas station.As one can probably guess , trouble is brewing and nothing good will come out of Jennifer 's friendship with Matthew nor her initial introduction to Johnny , the gas station manager . Jennifer is captured by our motley crew of unscrupulous men while relaxing in her canoe . Over the next half hour , Jennifer is raped repeatedly in various locations by the four men and left for dead . Realizing that she can testify against each one of them , Johnny sends Matthew back to the cottage to kill Jennifer . Mathew , however , can not bring himself to kill Jennifer but wipes her blood on his knife and then advises the other men that she is now dead.Over the course of a few days , Jennifer grieves and tries to pull herself back together while she works on the manuscript once again that had been previously shredded by the four rapists in her cottage . After attending church and asking for forgiveness , she plots to kill them off one by one beginning with Matthew.Although slightly less controversial with time , ISOYG is still not an easy watch by any means . Considered by many to be one of the essential cult classics loved by horror & cult film enthusiasts alike , there are scenes which will stick with you for the rest of your life . I still flinch each time I view the bathtub scene where Johnny 's genitals are severed by Jennifer . While the scene is n't as graphic as my description might have you believe , it 's nevertheless a scene which makes me extremely uncomfortable . Nevertheless , the viewer will still root for Jennifer all the way after witnessing her ugly sexual assaults.So whatever happened to Camille Keaton ? Well , that 's another story entirely but I will go ahead and tell you that she 's made one hell of a comeback with Fred Vogel 's Sella Turcica and she has two other films which are in the works . Fingers crossed . I 'm hoping that they will soon see the light of day . One of which is entitled The Butterfly Room that boasts performances by Heather Langenkamp , Barbara Steele , and many other great veteran horror actresses . It 's sad that Camille Keaton was n't given a great deal of work in the movie industry for some 30 years but I 'm glad to report she 's alive and well . Perhaps the new millennium will continue to show moviegoers that Keaton is indeed a talent to be reckoned with.I can also report that the much anticipated remake of the unrated ISOYG was released on DVD 02/08/11 . Meir Zarchi serves as executive producer this time around . For those of you who still have n't seen the original , Anchor Bay has also re-released the cult classic on the same day for under $ 20 . Grab it !
 The film does what `` Last House '' tried to do and while `` Last House '' failed fairly miserably , `` I Spit on Your Grave '' takes on a very realist and humanitarian vantage point . It places you in a world of agony and suffering as it explores the inhumane condition of a young , fair figured woman brutally raped by a gang of vicous savages whom express no regard for human life . Its depressing atmosphere provokes the thoughts of its viewers . It is not gory but manages to be graphic in its nature all the same . The let down comes in its slow-pace and 45 minute rape/nude marathon through acres of woods scene . Cinematically , the spacious lanscape is briefly glimsed as the woman crawls from its womb , yearning to reach her cabin where her perpentrators already await with more eager sexual anticipation . One character in the gang can envoke sympathy from the viewers being that he is a misfit only scourging different branches of society in search of his place within it . The critical moment comes when he rapes this woman , who he had earlier befriended . The film takes a while to evolve from its genesis and the viewer feels strung out by its slow development . However , those who stick with it will find their patience does not come without its rewards as what they once mistook for an exploitave , sleaze film is actually more-or-less an indepth look into human ideology intertwined with an aspect of revenge and blood lust on the woman 's part . NO character is left undefined , crucially , in death their guises of masculanity and overpowerment slip revieling the fear they carried deep within them all along .
 Hey , read my discussion of this film -LRB- and others like it -RRB- in Men , Women , and Chain Saws -LRB- Chapter Three
 Attractive New York City-girl Jennifer -LRB- Camille Keaton -RRB- is taking a vacation in the countryside for peace and for writing her first novel , however when 4 rowdy locals -LRB- Eron Tabor , Richard Pace , Anthony Nicoles and Gunter Kleeman -RRB- attack her , strip her , rape her and leave her for dead . However she soon starts taking revenge on the men in horrific ways.A highly disturbing and revolting horror thriller from writer-director Meir Zarichi is one of the most infamous films of all time ! since 1978 and 1980 , this movie was widely banned or censored in some countries . The film was slammed by critics upon it 's release even by Siskel and Ebert who declared it the worst film they ever seen and Siskel nearly walked out on it but some called it degenerate trash while some call it a feminist film as a few critics liked it including legendary Joe Bob Briggs . It has became legendary and a best seller in the video market back in the 80s and 90s as it still has the power to shock and appall viewers , this movie was near an X rating as it has graphic violence , nudity and graphic rape . I saw this when i was 15 when i rented it in the mid 90s and it made me sick even with that horrifying castration scene , but miss Keaton is gorgeous and courageous in this movie as she knows how to kill the baddies . A remake was made in 2010 but not as disturbing as this movie but it was still a fun remake , however this movie is still one of the most nastiest films i 've ever seen.The Anchor Bay Blu-Ray contains good picture and sound quality as they deliver with extras like 2 audio commentaries with one by Joe Bob Briggs and Meir Zarchi , a featurette , poster-and-still gallery , TV spots , trailers , radio spots and alternate main title . One of Anchor Bay 's best releases so far to a hard to watch cult fave .
 I first saw this on vhs back in the 80 's and was stunned beyond belief . My brother and I watched it and could n't believe this film existed . It 's quite possibly the most intense , shocking , disturbing movie ever . It 's well written , superbly acted and shot just right . This movie set the bar for all so called women 's revenge movies . And no ones come close to it so far . Not for the faint of heart , or children . Keep in mind this was made in 1978 , so it wo n't have people your familiar with . Watch it if you dare . I 'm getting bot the original and remake .
 One of the first -LRB- and probably only one -RRB- of it 's kind , this movie does not rely on gore or special effects to get the ` horror ' across . Well deserved of its cult status , this movie still is not for everyone . Over 20 years old yet it remains relivent for today . It is simultaneously creepy , scary , and what makes it truly remarkable - probable ! Definitely worth owning for all cult/horror/suspense fan 's collection . This is certainly no slasher flick !
 I saw this when I was at a college reunion and it was graphic then , now even more so . It is a tale of rightful revenge and basic human instincts . The right of a person to be free to do what is fair and honest and the right to defend when those rights are violated . A woman writer is in the backwoods for solitude and writing . Her peace is shattered by four overly base and vile males hicks who decide she is a plaything . The graphic rape scenes and sodomy makes you want to kill every male around you . She survives and plots her revenge in four unique ways which are worthy of emulation in our court rooms . I wo n't ruin the climax scene for the final revenge , but the film is worthy of a look , even if for it 's lessons learned ... that 's my take anyway ... Q
 awesome product awesome shape awesome movie got ta love horror horror rocks 5 out of 5 highly suggest buying dvd rules
 One of the greastest subjectified women movies ever made . Now I 'm not saying that raps is anything that should be laughed at but it was a novelty peice for its time
 I saw this when it came out , back on VHS . It was awesome . It was one of the best horror movies I had ever seen . I 'm a true horror fan and to this day I still remember this as a true classic . I have watched the current version and this one is still the best . I would definitely recommend , but it 's not for the faint of heart . The story is unique in the fact that it follows through on every aspect . No loose ends and there is n't anything you do n't understand . It 's a true must see and classic for a horror fan . It 's not the gore that grabs you , since it 's not that bad -LRB- I 've seen more and worse -RRB- , it 's the character and events that unfold . You have to watch it to appreciate it . Reviews wo n't give you the full impact .
 This film does not glamorize rape as it has often been accused of , but rather makes you feel what it must be like to be subjected to such a demeaning act , and , consequently , how it would feel to exact revenge on those who wronged you . Incredible direction , nearly technically flawless , and full of rich and creative Fruedian imagery , I Spit on Your Grave is on par with The Texas Chainsaw Massacre . END
 This is the harrowing story of a novice female writer who spends some time in the country to work on a novel . All goes well until she is attacked and raped -LRB- repeatably -RRB- by four bored hicks . Believing her to dead , they continue with their everyday lives as if nothing happened . Only she did ` nt die and she 's ready for revenge . The murders that follow are brutal , and deservably so , especially the castration in the bathtub ! Over all a rather sadistic film that wont be to everyone 's liking , but I quite liked it !!!
 After first watching I Spit On Your Grave -LRB- 2010 -RRB- I wanted to see the original cult classic and I will say that I was very pleased and disturbed at the same time wich I know was the point of this movie . It achieved it without a doubt , both versions of I Spit On Your Grave are very different from each other wich I appreciate because it would be easy to make an exact copy of this movie and thankfully they did not . With this latest release of I Spit On Your Grave you get the original 1978 Directors Cut.And with this release you get some good bonus features and digitally remastered , bonus features include
 Rape is nothing to joke about . However , I found this movie not as graphic , compared to today 's fare . I was excited to get to the part where she gets her revenge and they all deserved it . Parts of the rape scenes especially in the woods , I did feel uncomfortable , because the whole scene went on for like 15 minutes . I first heard of this film when I was 13 and I avoided the film until now , but since I saw Serbian film UNCUT I felt like nothing could be as graphic as that . I do n't recommend I SPIT ON YOUR GRAVE for sensitive viewers , however if you like justly deserved revenge films this might be your type of movie .
 I HATE rape scenes of any kind ! Whether in classics like A CLOCKWORK ORANGE , DELIVERANCE , PULP FICTION , or IRREVERSIBLE . I ca n't stand them ! So , a movie 's got to be good for me to endure such scenes . I SPIT ON YOUR GRAVE -LRB- DAY OF THE WOMAN -RRB- is that good . Yes , the rape scenes are nasty and drawn out -LRB- all 3 of them ! -RRB- , but they are also necessary as motive for the victim 's -LRB- Camille Keaton -RRB- merciless , methodical revenge . They set up the finale of the movie perfectly . Now , I still despise rape scenes ! I 'll probably skip them if I watch ISOYG again ...
 First off people , this movie goes way over the top with the rape , I agree with all the one star reviews that it is a perverted rape sequence , that the director put in as mere exploitation . I think the material could 've been handled better , like in Last house on the left , but it was n't . I give it four stars however , because i like revenge flicks , and I like the plot . The directing with such a miniscule budget was good . And the storyline was good . Also it is a reality , and a movie that people can look at as a reality . I 'm not saying the director meant it to be this way , because I do n't think so . I agree with Roger Ebert in the film being `` Vile trash '' but I think it adds something accidentally to the psyche of everything . It 's a film that is good to have if you 're a revenge fan , if you have Death Wish , The Limey , the Punisher , Spawn , and other movies like that , then get this movie . Just because it has something to offer even though it does n't have that much .
 For a very long time , I contemplated purchasing the movie . After reading reviews about it , I decided to purchase the Millennium Edition . I was not let down ! This movie is one of the best I have ever seen , as far as violence and revenge go . It is a gut-wrenching flick ! If you 're looking for hot babes getting naked , forget about it ! But , if you can tolerate watching an attractive big city girl get raped -LRB- several times , mind you -RRB- and then get revenge on her attackers , you will definitely be interested in this one . All I can say , I am glad to have the movie in my hands now , and I can watch it over and over again .
 Without doubt uncomfortable to watch at times , but exactly the reason it is hired and searched for 20 years on . The ability to shock with a small budget seems to have dissapeared these days , so watch one of the films that began a genre . Not recommended for first dates .
 The plot has been used over and over again to the point of death , but works great in this flick . It 's so realistic , My roomate and I questioned the `` acting ! '' A woman is raped by four men -LRB- one of which is retarded and adds humor to the film , especially when he throws his hat off before raping the girl and crying out `` OLE ! '' -RRB- Left for dead , the girl plots revenge . JEFF DELL 'S FAVORITE FILM !!!!
 This movie is real . I have never seen a horror movie that scared me as much as this one did . Watching the actress , you know very well that rape is the terrible act and should not happen to anyone , but it still can . Of course , some of the rape scenes were so graphic I could not watch them and I had to fast-forward , but the revenge the woman gets on her predators makes the film quite worthwhile . Excellent !
 This film has everything ! The movie starts as takes a trip into the woods . The reason for this trip is to inspire her novel -LRB- she is a writer -RRB- . Then she is brutally raped , several times , but ... . she seeks revenge , I wont give any of the good details away . If you can handle explicit subject matter , go for it . MPAA Rating
 I remember seeing this movie years ago when I was a young teenager ... Cant remember exactly how I got a hold of it but never the less I do remember seeing it ... I forgot about the movie over the years until recently when the new version came out starring Sarah Butler as Jennifer Hills -LRB- I Spit On Your Grave -RRB- ... Instantly I ordered the new version on cable and absolutely loved it . . Call me sick but the movie is about the ultimate revenge from a woman who has been raped by four men and left for dead ... I love the fact that she got her dignity back and self satisfaction for torturing her abusers . . I cant imagine what it would do to me emotionally or physically if I were ever assaulted in the way this woman was , but I can imagine if I were , I would want the kind of revenge she gave her perpetrators ... After watching the newer movie I immediately went on line and searched for the original version of I Spit On You Grave and purchased it and this version even though is the original version , by no means is the more realistic and believable version . . I would recommend both movies as they both offer complete interest and nonstop entense scenes ... Definitely a must see
 After all the years of hype and vitriolic reviews from people like Ebert , I finally decided to watch the thing , so I bought this Millennium edition DVD . I did it differently than most
 I SPIT ON YOUR GRAVE -LRB- 1978 -RRB- , also known as DAY OF THE WOMAN , is a great exploitation film , and a thrilling movie for people who like revenge pictures . This film actually shares the same plot as KILL BILL , and KILL BILL gets all kinds of awards and accolades , while I SPIT ON YOUR GRAVE gets crushed by the critics , especially Roger Ebert , who called the film `` vile trash . '' For me , the film is just about perfect . By the way , anybody who says they 're surprised and sickened by what happens on screen should have known what the film was about when going to see it . The reason is because the advertising for the movie was very direct
 When a movie basically starts off with a writer retiring to a remote cabin , and one of the first things she does there on her first visit is skinny dip , you know you are watching 70s horror . When the entirety of the remaining minutes fall into the categories of gruesome rape or brutal revenge for the rape , then you know you 're watching the controversial classic , I Spit on Your Grave.Director Meir Zarchi 's produced this assault on human decency in the late 70s , and it 's as resonant now as it was then . Jennifer Hill -LRB- Camille Keaton -RRB- secludes herself to a small wooded Connecticut town to write her newest novel . When she attracts the attention of a few local deviants and their retarded friend , however , she ends up with a life altering experience that dwarfs any possible story she could write . When she plans her revenge , however , the story , specifically the second most disgusting bathtub scene in cinema history -LRB- the first is with a naked Kathy Bates -RRB- , celebrates revenge that knows no boundaries.From beginning to end , this movie transfixes the viewer with an indelible image of betrayal , rape , and revenge that is seared into memory . Seeing a group of four men , one of which is mentally handicapped , brutalize an innocent women multiple times - all with a harmonica performance from one of the criminals - is something that never leaves one 's memory ; and I 'm surprised the harmonica in this movie is not compared to the infamous banjo in Deliverance.It 's quite interesting that multiple decades after this film , the Western audience has made a movement - good or bad is up for interpretation - making the type of depravity seen in the current torture porn flicks acceptable to view , even on prime time television , yet the filming of a rape is still considered taboo and unwatchable . The reluctance to air this film , despite the ever-widening audience toleration , truly displays how gruesome and memorable this groundbreaking exploitation film was when released . Zarchi explains in the commentary that this not about celebrating a crime and inspiring the sick minded . He wanted to expose the sheer disgust that should be associated with rape , to break the boundaries of tolerance , to disturb all but the sociopath . Given this film 's legacy , I 'd say Zarchi succeeded in his quest.This is the pinnacle of the rape/revenge genre , and should be watched by fans of both horror and overall cinema history ... just do n't expect to feel good when the credits roll .
 I Think that Camille Keaton handled the attack with as much diginity as she could muster up , what she does afterward to each of them is well deserved.Rape and nude scenes so please beware , this 8o 's film was raw and has become a true classic in the vein of Charles Bronson 's 10 to midnight . This is a classic , get it while you can .
 Meir Zarchi 's ' I SPIT ON YOUR GRAVE -LRB- 1977 -RRB- ' is simply one of the most brutal revenge flicks ever made & one of the best of the low-budget 70 's exploitation horror films . A must have classic that fully lives up to its infamous reputation . This -LRB- Millenium Edition -RRB- is quite a treat for genre fans !
 After watching `` Last House on the Left '' , `` Zombie '' , and `` The Beyond , '' it 's good to finally see a horror film that 's taken seriously and done extrememly well . Wes Cravens LHOTL just seems to hold back a lot on the extreme , not to mention being in dire need of a good script , and the Fulci films seem to have good story ideas and a good effort , but in the end , it 's executed a little poorly.I Spit on Your Grave is the cure.To keep it short , the story takes us to a summer house rented out by a quient , very kind and really attractive Jennifer -LRB- Camille Keaton -RRB- . She is kidnapped by a few hillbillies , raped , beaten and left for dead . She then plots revenge and goes on to kill each attacker one by one . This film will upset a lot of people . The scenes where Keaton is raped and beaten are pretty intense , mostly because she acts through them with such brilliance , her screams sound so real you 'll almost feel like she really was being raped . What also adds to your sympathy for her is her figure . I think it was a concious effort to try to get a very thin and weak looking women to play the part , b/c let 's face it , as pretty as Keaton is , curves she has not . It 's surprising her character did n't die during this ordeal . What I also liked in this film and as stated by other reviewers is how her wardrobe changes after she is almost killed . She stops wearing skimpy clothing and opts for a more conservative look . I also love the lack of a soundtrack , which may sound like it 'll ruin the film but actually adds to its realism and makes it so much better.Even though the revenge plot is what makes the film and is the film it is not without its share of uncredibility . This is the reason I took off one star . For example , unless her main attacker is a real idiot , why would he trust this woman who he has just raped and almost killed to fall for him and want to get naked in the tub with him ?? Also , in real life if a woman was in the same situation and was raped , do you think she 'd still stay in that summer house for the remainder of the summer instead of going back home knowing full well her attackers are still somewhere nearby ? I know in reality some people would be too ashamed to admit what happened to them which is understandable but what exactly kept Keaton 's character in that house ? Did she not want her money to go to waste or something ? Com ` on!Besides these flaws which will have you rolling your eyes at the screen , the film is incredible and although may not scare you with dark murky lighting or monsters and such , it 's not that type of horror film . What 's frightening about it is how easily the attackers were able to get their hands on this woman . It 's scary because it shows you just how vulnerable you really are . I 'd definitely recommend this film to any true horror fan , you wo n't regret it . I love this movie !
 I Spit On Your Grave . I have to give this film four stars . Frankly , I am surprised that it did not receive higher ratings , and more favorable reviews in this forum . Even in todays cinematic climate , it remains disturbing and unsettling . It is easy to see why this film was considered controversial upon its release , and why ti stills remains as one of the most infamous underground films to date . Whatever genre this film is classified in ... horror , exploitation , action , drama ... it is a must see . The cheap cinematography , grainy texture , and tense atmosphere are a few of the highpoints of this film . It is also the most brutal and accurate depiction of the terrible atrocity of rape I have ever viewed . I want to make readily known however , that this film SHOULD NEVER BE VIEWED BY A MINOR UNDER ANY CIRCUMSTANCE ! This film is highly graphic and very disturbing , and should only be viewed by adults who know what this film contains . Highly recommended , highly warned .
 Originally released in 1978 as `` Day of the Woman '' and re-released in 1980 with the more popular title -LRB- which writer/director Meir Zarchi hates -RRB- , `` I Spit on Your Grave '' is a low-budget film telling a simple story of rape-and-revenge . Jennifer Hill , a magazine writer from New York City , rents a country house for the summer to write her first novel . Four low-lifes catch wind of her and brutally rape her , leaving her for dead . She survives , however , and executes revenge on each , using their weaknesses against them -LRB- pride , lust and lack of intelligence -RRB- . The film is notorious . Roger Ebert and Gene Siskel have railed against it over the years , giving it a zero star rating . Most theaters understandably refused to show it back in ' 78 - ' 80 . But it became a big hit on video in the early 80s and there 's still quite a buzz about it 3 decades later . The film simply ca n't be stopped , as Zarchi points out . I 've repeatedly heard about it over the years and finally decided to give it an artistic appraisal.Since I knew going in that this was a rape-revenge film with overt depictions I was fully braced for the material and therefore did n't find it shocking . Do n't get me wrong , the rape scenes are fairly explicit and fittingly disturbing but , for me , it was n't shocking because I knew what I was getting into . I suppose it would be quite shocking otherwise . Regardless , I feel `` The Wild Angels , '' which was released a full 12 years earlier , is more shocking . See my review for details.I should add here that , although the picture is explicit with the rape-revenge scenes , it 's not pornographic . In other words , this is not a film to view for porn thrills . Sexually speaking , the rape/revenge scenes are a turn-off rather than a turn-on , if you know what I mean.After viewing the film I saw it again with writer/director Meir Zarchi 's commentary -LRB- something I very rarely do -RRB- . He has a heavy accent but I was able to adjust after about ten minutes . I highly encourage anyone viewing the film to hear this excellent commentary . Meir is brilliant and offers loads of important details . For instance , he shares what inspired him to make the movie . In 1974 he came across a beaten , naked young woman stumbling out of the woods ; she had a broken jaw and had been raped by two scumbags . She said they would have killed her but she convinced them she could n't see without her glasses and therefore could n't identify them . They then broke her jaw to knock her unconscious so they could make a getaway . She regained consciousness fairly quickly and wisely decided to immediately get out of the area in case they changed their minds . She crawled through the woods to the nearest road , which is where Zarchi came across her.The film shows that the four rapists are misogynists who feel powerless in their daily lives and are threatened by an intelligent , talented woman from the city . Listen to their moronic dialogue during the night-fishing sequence . These guys talk about women like they 're 13 years old -LRB- but worse -RRB- , even though they 're all in their late 20s . And , do n't get me wrong , I KNOW there are adult men like this out there . It 's pathetic.The picture reveals how actions can be incredibly misinterpreted by people with sick minds . For instance , the leader of the rapists comments that when Jennifer first came to town and stopped at his gas station she got out of the car and flaunted her beauty , her legs and breast . But the viewer sees differently . The truth is she just got out of the car to stretch her legs -LRB- in a modest dress , by the way -RRB- and make some friendly small talk while he pumped gas for her.The film also reveals what 's in the hearts of people , including the viewer . For instance , when film critic Roger Ebert saw the film at a theater he overheard a middle-aged man make troubling comments during the rape sequences like , `` That 'll teach her '' and `` The others were good -LRB- the rapes -RRB- but this one 's the best . '' Ebert also heard a lady yell out during one of the revenge scenes , `` Get him , sister ! '' -LRB- nothing wrong with that , of course -RRB- . As for me , I was on the side of Jennier Hill the entire picture . This was obviously a very hard role to play and Camille Keaton did an incredible job ; she even won a Best Actress award . Camille has a beautiful face and stunning locks of long auburn hair . But , at the time , she was way too thin for my tastes . She definitely needed to gain at least 20 pounds . Shortly after the film was released she married director Zarchi . Although the marriage did n't last , they remain good friends to this day.In any event , in the story Jennifer is a nice , beautiful , intelligent woman who just wants to get some time alone to enjoy nature and write her novel . She does absolutely nothing to provoke the abuse of the dirtbags.There 's a church scene right before she enacts her revenge where she asks God for forgiveness . The real-life minister of the church caught wind of the nature of the film and contacted Zarchi , insisting that the parts depicting his church be taken out . Zarchi drove out to the church in Kent , Connecticut , where the film was made , and explained his reasons for making the picture . When the minister understood Zarchi 's intentions he gave him his blessing.Speaking of the locations of the lush Kent area in Western Connecticut , this is one of the films highlights -LRB- I get sick of Southern California locations -RRB- . In fact , believe it or not , it 's one of the main items that prompted me to see the picture as I have personal interest in Western Connecticut.You 'll see that the beauty of nature -- the sights and sounds of the forest -- are contrasted by the hideousness of human nature . This is effective.There 's no score at all , even though Zarchi tried to fit music to it . He said it just did n't work ; adding music diminished the impact . I agree.The film runs 100 minutes and it 's all completely realistic until the 73-minute mark where Jennifer allows the mildly retarded rapist get close enough to her with a knife to easily kill her . She later allows the lead rapist the opportunity to get the upper hand -LRB- when she gives him the gun -RRB- . I found this unbelievable . In both cases she could have easily killed the scumbags but instead momentarily makes herself vunerable to enact a more stylized revenge . I do n't believe she would have done this in real life . But some would explain her actions on the grounds that she now no longer feared death -LRB- since she had been so close to it -RRB- and was willing to gamble with her life in order to punish the criminals in a way more fitting than a gunshot.Some may object to the idea of Jennifer having the strength to pull off the hanging , but Zarchi defends it by pointing out `` hell hath no fury like a woman scorned . `` There are a couple other weak moments for which I detract 1 Star in my rating . In one close-up shot it 's clear that the retarded guy 's glasses are fake . Also , during the infamous bloodbath scene , would n't the guy realize he 's been castrated right away -LRB- regardless of whether or not he 's having an orgasm -RRB- ? Dumb.Still , this is a powerful film , an important film and a necessary film . It counterbalances beauty with the hideousness of rape and supports the only just punishment for such extreme sins -- death . I should add that 's it 's not a movie to be watched in the presence of others . It 's something you must experience alone , if at all .
 I rented this movie many years ago in VHS and liked it so much that I purchased it in DVD . If you enjoy nudity in your pics , you will certainly enjoy Camile Keaton 's cute perky little breasts and the blatent full frontal nudity appearing in much of this movie . The rape scenes are graphic , believable , and clearly visable but not to the point of being pornographic . The story line is weak and predictable but with Camile Keaton parading around fully naked the story is not really important . The DVD has `` chapter stops '' which enable you to return to specific scenes at will . If you are looking for a titillating movie , this is the one.I understand there are other versions of this movie , but i purchased the Original Uncut Version and am very happy with it .
 This is an awesome movie . It is the ultimate in drama . What those men did to that lady , humiliating her the way that they did . They got what they deserved . JUSTICE . Camille did an excellent job on her character . You would almost think that it was really happening . An excellent movie for adults . Would n't advise it for teens or below .
 This movie is a classic of its kind and much better that a lot of movies , that followed . It is not one of the best , but it still deserves five stars ...
 I rented this way back in the day when renting videos was so new , there was n't even any tax charged for them . I was an avid horror fan and I frequently rented films like `` 2000 Maniacs '' `` Dawn of the Dead '' and `` I Dis-member Mama . '' I remember watching one particuarly disturbing film -LRB- the name escapes me -RRB- and a guy had just cut out his dead girlfriend 's heart and took a big ole bite out of it . My dad who had just happened to walk into the room said , `` that 's sick . And you have to be sick to watch it . `` But few films stay with me in such a disturbing way as `` I Spit on Your Grave . '' Several years later I would go on to work with rape survivors so in that light , I find the film even more disturbing.Is it entertainment , is it art ? That debate will rage on forever , but I would recommend this film for the gore-hounds , the horror fans . I would n't recommend it to general movie fans . I personally have a hard time putting my finger on its redeeming artisitc qualities . Rape is not sex . It is the act of using sex as a weapon of violence and it is the sheer violence that leaves an impression and not the acting , direction , camera work or other artistic metrics . Despite that though , it is not what I would call a `` gore '' movie . It relies on certain perceptions to create the `` horror '' in the viewer 's mind , but nonetheless , little is left to the imagination . Although my mom is not a horror fan by any stretch of the imagination she watched it and really enjoyed it which surprised me as she 's fairly conservative -LRB- socially , not politically -RRB- . Outside of a handfull of films you 'd have to go outside the U.S. to Japan to find worse or better , depending on your point of view.Personally I prefer a more supernatural film be it a gore fest or something more psychological like `` The Haunting . '' Now , `` The Exorcist '' ! That 's a total package . But nonetheless , I give it four stars for the dvd though which is packed with lots of cool extras and insights and it is very edgy film making for better or worse . Hollywood is content to recycle old themes and cliches that are quickly forgotten and warrant no discussion . I Spit on Your Grave still pushes the envelope and is worth viewing even if it is just your morbid curiousity wanting to know what the fuss is about .
 This film may be regarded as sick , vile , and disturbing ... which is exactly what it is in the minds of most . I enjoyed it . Its a film that was n't afraid to take risks and show the public acts of extreme -LRB- ... -RRB- on the silver screen . It had redeeming values for women as well . Even though it showed Keaton being raped and tortured , she got hers . A classic tale of revenge .
 ... gritty , bloody , and it-pushes-too-far . It looks as if someone had taken a beta video camera or old , old style Super 8 and filmed real-life horrifying violence just for kicks . Heck , the acting is marginal . This ai n't for kids , nor for the squeamish . Notice
 i just lved it so much i had to review again this is a rare gem of a film . . so people think im mentally challenged but im not !!!!
 Long story short , this girl goes to get away to some cabin , some hicks run around raping her for like a good 30 minutes of the movie , and the revenge she gets is sweet . Its a cult classic and definitly worth the money.you wont be dissapointed .
 I noticed there is a `` I Spit on Your Grave -LRB- Millennium Edition -RRB- -LRB- 1978 -RRB- '' What is the difference between the other DVD release -LRB- other than interviews and photo gallery -RRB- . Is there a RATED and UNRATED version of this film ? Is this DVD different from the original release ? Just want to know If this is an edited version of the film or wich one is UNRATED or the same as the original release .
 THIS FILM IS ABOUT A WOMAN WHO TAKES REVENGE ON THE MEN WHO RAPED HER . THIS FILM IS VERY WELL-ACTED AND WORTH BUYING . THIS IS A NICE FILM TO WATCH LATE AT NIGHT WHEN YOU 'RE IN THE MOOD FOR A B MOVIE .
 This movie 's just wrong on so many levels . I 've seen a lot of movies in this genre , but this one takes the cake ! Not only do they degrade this woman , but do it over ... and over ... and over ... and over . Most of the time without using cuts or editing and just focusing on the girls torment . It 's obviously a rip-off of Last house on the Left , but IMO takes it a little further , and pushes the limits of what 's exceptable in horror cinema . This is sleaze at its finest , horror brought to a whole new level of jaw-dropping filth.I Spit on Your grave = definition of horror.Check it out .
 This is not an entertaining film . What is scary , though , is how little has changed in the way some men view women in the years since this movie was made . Just compare the conversation between the male characters in this piece and some of the most popular lyrics of these days .
 Excellent . This is the version to have as recommended by dvdcompare.Not all movies out there are sweetness and nice . Some movies are ugly and show up the darkside of the human character.This is a horror movie not something produced for titillation but it is not a movie that should be banned.Be warned it is exteme and hard to watch in places .
 `` I Spit on Your Grave , '' originally released in 1978 , came and went quickly but achieved cult status on video , where it outsold both `` Grease '' and `` The Godfather , Part II . `` Jennifer Hills -LRB- Camille Keaton -RRB- leaves her Manhattan apartment and heads for a rural , riverside cabin in Connecticut where she hopes to write a novel . The peace of the countryside is shattered by a quartet of young men who , one after the other , rape her in a prolonged assault . Surviving the horrible ordeal , Jennifer becomes a merciless avenger who singlehandedly metes out deadly , and fitting , punishments to each of her attackers.This is a gruesome movie with plenty of disturbingly graphic images , but it is most unsettling because of its stark reality . Director Meir Zarchi , despite the lurid subject matter , neither sensationalizes nor shies away from portraying both the initial attack and Jennifer 's subsequent payback . Though tough to watch , it provokes serious questions about justice , feminism , and vigilantism.Bonus extras on the Blu-ray edition include audio commentary by writer/director Zarchi and the featurette `` The Values of Vengeance
 Whats a real cool thing about this film is that there is no music at all . Everything you hear is just nature itself . It adds a more intense effect if not some other feel to the film . Imagine that in a horror film . People would probably have a heart attack due to not knowing what comes next . Anyway , the plot is simple . A writer goes out to create her new novel in a small cabin in the woods far from the civil world . There she is stalked , assaulted , and raped many times by four loser men . She then survives and gets her revenge . Her deals of death to the men are brutul enough . The remake comes out soon and i question how good it will be to this one . I Spit On Your Grave is a cult classic and a must see for any die-hard movie fans , like me .
 This was an Ok movie . It is not for everyone and not the type of movie you just watch because your bored . Its a violent , mean film . But vengeance is the name of the game , from a female viewpoint . Revenge flicks will always be made , in theaters now we have Death Sentence and The Brave One . So , if you like revenge films , check it out but please , do not have any children present .
 This movie is a fusion , a cinematic expression of violent sexual acts and justifyable homicide . While the hairstyles , and even the haircuts ; -RCB- forever date the film as a 70 's drive in sexploitation flick , there is enough wrong going around in this picture to wind the broken clock of even the most ardent gorehound or woman 's prison movie aficiondo . It just begs for a remake , but of course that will never happen until society collapses entirely . Here 's hoping ! I just wish the main character did n't look like she had Buckwheat in a scissorlock for the duration of the rougher scenes .
 I spit on your grave is a fun film for fans of Wes Craven 's `` Last House On The Left '' and other `` Rape/Revenge '' classics , There are some elements of this film that are genuinely gruesome , and others that are practically laughable , either way , it 's not a bad way to spend 100 minutes of your life , not if your like me anyway . Joe Bob Brigg 's commentary on this film is a great treat for anyone who has heard about this picture because of it 's controversy , because he does a great job of explaining all of that , and also if your just a big movie buff and want to hear interesting facts about the movie , because that track is chock full of info that is a great addition and Joe bob is pretty entertaining anyway , Meir Zarchi also has a commentary track on this DVD witch is interesting because i had heard that he had kept pretty quiet about this picture since making it , but frankly i was ready to fall asleep about 40 seconds into his track so i ca n't really say i found it that interesting , all in all `` I spit on your grave '' is a fun midnight movie for hardcore buffs , and curious horror fans alike .
 I Spit On Your Grave is one of the best of the genre that I have ever seen . This film has everything you come to expect from this sort of gem
 This one , along with Henry
 this movie is and olde but goodie , i watched it on VHS now i have it on DVD it 's a keeper
 My husband was very interested in rewatching the original version again after the recent remake was released . He loved it , and now has both films in his growing moving collection .
 The item was received in a very timely manner and the condition was great just as described . I am Very happy with my purchase .
 i wo n't review the actual film I SPIT ON YOUR GRAVE here because so many others have done a great job . what i 'll do instead is rate the `` millenium edition '' disc itself because , after all , the only people buying it will be those who truly understand what an incredible piece of work this film is . feminist horror ! who 'd have ever thought it ? * Commentary by writer/director Meir Zachi ... finally we get to hear from the man who started all the controversy . he has a thick accent and it 's hard to understand him at times , but you really feel bad for the guy . this movie got slammed so hard by critics that theater chains pulled it from their screens ! he only directed one other movie . poor guy , so talented . critics are the worst . * Commentary by Featuring Cult Film Guru Joe Bob Briggs ... the # 1 reason to buy this disc ! joe bob rules , this is up there with the best commentary tracks ever done . not only does he keep the discussion lively and informative , he balances it between joking about what 's onscreen and giving numerous facts about the film . he proves that his knowledge of cult film -LRB- and film in general -RRB- is expansive , and his appreciation for this movie runs deep . every movie needs a joe bob commentary track if you ask me . well worth the $ $ $ just for this feature alone . * Theatrical trailer -LRB- s -RRB- , TV Spots ... lots of these , and there 's radio commercials too . cool . * Animated Menu Screens ... all incredible , just like the EVIL DEAD collectors edition . the scene index also has clips from each scene so you really know what 's what . * Still Photo Gallery ... this is actually an easter egg , it 's not labeled on the menu screens . to access it , go to the main menu and press up till the word GRAVE is highlighted in yellow . hit OK and you 'll see some neato stills . * Reviews ... great stuff , allows you to read the scathingly awful reviews the film got from some really famous critics . joe bob references these reviews several times in his commentary . * Interviews ... there are none . i 'd have given this disc 5 stars if it had interviews like the LAST HOUSE ON THE LEFT disc has -LRB- cast reunion , director -RRB- none here . * Foreign and Domestic Art ... you can scroll through and look at video and dvd box art from around the world . in the menu screen it says you can look at posters for the film , but none are included . * Full-screen and widescreen letterbox formats ... widescreen only -LRB- that 's fine . full screen has no place being on any dvd release of anything ever -RRB- . picture and sound are exceptional too , i should add . this disc is definitely worth getting .
 What was I expecting?When I picked up this title , I noticed two things
 Anytime I see a movie that has been `` banned '' and dubbed `` the most controversial movie of all time , '' I 'm generally not pleased . Apparently that kind of `` reputation '' sets up too many expectations for me . This was not entirely the case when seeing I Spit On Your Grave , however . I did have those kind of expectations set up , but the film did what it was supposed to -- evoke emotions.I Spit On Your Grave -LRB- aka Day of the Woman -RRB- is the tragic story of Jennifer Hill -LRB- Camille Keaton -RRB- . A young attractive writer from New York , Jennifer moves to a small town out in the middle of nowhere to work on her first novel . We quickly learn that this small town is something out of Deliverance country with Deliverance-type residents -- in particular , four men , all of whom work at the general store/gas station . Three of them are as mean as Hell and the other , Matthew -LRB- Richard Pace -RRB- , is `` slow , '' going along with whatever his friends do.Jennifer pulls in to fill up for the first time , the boys see her , and decide to go to her house across the lake and rape her . It may seem as if I 'm moving too fast or skipping details , but really I 'm not -- that just about sums it up . We soon learn that the initial reason behind committing these rapes is to `` make Matthew a man . '' That reason quickly becomes secondary , as the men turn into utter monsters , losing any sense of `` right '' they may have ever had . The rape scenes are quite graphic -- they leave the viewer with an acute sense of emptiness and despair -- Jennifer crawls nude trying to escape , having no idea how to . The men catch up with her and continue to rape her . This goes on for 30 minutes , if not longer.Physically and emotionally shaken , Jennifer begins to plot revenge and viewers begin to root for her as we see her deserving revenge . Once Jennifer comes into contact with each of the four men , she brutally kills them , each in a different and very `` creative '' way.One problem I had with this film overall deals with believability -- would the rapists have killed Jennifer having so many reasons and opportunities to do so ? For example , in one scene , Jennifer has the ringleader at gunpoint , but hands her gun over to him -LRB- I assume this was all part of her plan -RRB- . Would the rapist , who just begged the woman he raped for his life , have thrown the gun away as he did ? It may just be that I 'm forgetting that the rapists in this film are stupid and logic does n't apply to them.One aspect of the film that makes it especially eerie and unusual is the total lack of any musical score . Perhaps the only music throughout the film is Jennifer 's classical music , which she listens to while killing one of the men . This lack of score oddly makes the viewer feel like an invisible observer -- there 's nothing to distract us away from the woods , from the rapes , and from the eventual gore.Camille Keaton is excellent as Jennifer Hill . She very accurately portrays Jennifer 's transformations from sane writer to pitiful victim , from vengeful killer to satisfied woman . If you can look at the graphic nature of the rape scenes as purposeful , in that we as viewers can better understand why Jennifer does what she does , see this movie . Otherwise , you might just regret it . Rating
 Camille Keaton plays an author who decides to escape the mayhem of the city to finish her work in the quiet country . Bad move ! She falls victim to a viscious and graphically intense battering and gang rape by four men she is very familiar with . One of which is a mentally challenged grocery delivery boy . The men suspect she will die in the woods , but she does n't . Too bad for them . The revenge she takes on these four is horrific , explicit , and not for the faint of heart ! But the punishments fit the crime ! This film broke ground where other cult films only dreamed of treading . I Spit on Your Grave -LRB- originally titled `` Day of the Woman '' -RRB- is a must have for any horror or cult fan , and very recommended ! Not for anyone under 18 , or the weak of heart ! You are warned ! Enjoy this one ! I do , over and over !
 When I looked at all the reviews , I was sure that the movie was going to be ultraviolent . I was right , and yet it was disturbing in another way . It was good and well crafted . It contained violence and gore , sexuality , and heart pounding suspense.The movie is about a woman who moves to a house . She sits in the sun everyday . Little does she know that someone is watching her , and something horrible is about to happen . Soon , she is raped by four men . Left for dead , she seeks vengeance against the perpetrators of the crime . The police ca n't help her , so she takes matters into her own hands . The four men realize that they are dropping like flies . They decide to fight back before they are all dead.Camille Keaton gives a stunning performance as a vengeful woman who is a vicitm of a rape crime . In the uncut version , the rape scene is exteneded and more disturbing . The movie contains extreme gore and gratituous nudity . I would recommend this to anyone who would like to see Camille Keaton getting raped and taking bloody revenge .
 I read reviews and asked a couple of people about this movie . I was very impressed . I have already watched it twice and i 'll watch it again . Every woman should watch this movie . It was a very real situation that is never dealt with in that way.A woman leaves the city for some quiet time to write a book and runs into some problems . 4 Guys decide they want to rape her and they continuously do so . But they do n't do it back to back . They toy with her . They beat her . They leave her for dead . Only , she is n't . She takes matters into her own hands and exacts her revenge on these guys . Every revenge scene was great . One particular bathroom scene , especially.This is n't really for the weak hearted . But it is a good movie -LRB- to me -RRB- . My suggestion , watch it .
 This one -LSB- along with Ms .45 , which I believe was in part inspired by this film -RSB- was heavily discussed in the rape-revenge section of Carol Clover 's Men , Women , and Chain Saws
 I can see why this film was scorned back in the 70 's . It is hard to sit down and watch this film without wondering if there is something wrong with you . The rape scenes are long , brutal , and unrelenting . What makes this film so tough to watch is the fact that the actress is raped not once , twice , three , or four , but five times ! Worse , the rape scenes make up the bulk of the movie , so basically you 're watching a woman being raped at length for what seems like most of the film 's running time . Infamously , Roger Ebert was moved to call this film `` vile garbage '' ! Still , the film is brilliant in that it clearly uses shock to show how terrible rape is and how a woman suffers during the ordeal . But that 's only part of the story . This is a rape-revenge movie . So after the rape , comes the revenge . Most of the women who have championed this movie have praised the revenge section of the film . Most men seem to hate the actress for taking her revenge to the umpteenth degree . `` Violence definitely breeds more violence '' as the saying goes . And this film is very , very violent . This is not family friendly entertainment!I personally think this film does have a positive message and that message is
 For the ultimate in sexploitation & vulgar violence , see I Spit On Your Grave . The first 50 minutes , you get a giant rape scene , the remaining 50 minutes she kills and castrates the guys.Any slasher movie connoisseur will appreciate the subtleties of I Spit On Your Grave . The characters are memorable and fully developed . Much of the dialogue consists of zingers that you will remember long after watching the film . The hickish chauvinism of the men and the goofy grocery delivery guy are hilarious ... not as hilarious as the tub scene mind you.If you dig exploitation flicks , and somehow this one slipped by you , get this immediately!Highly recommended !
 Many people hear the name of this title and immediately it evokes violent and sadist images . The reputation of this film preceeds it . But in actual fact the shroud of mystery surrounding this shocker is lifted when you listen to the directors commentary . So affected was he by a real life incident that he made this film as a fitting revenge story for women ironically . Meir Zarchi 's commentary is quite absorbing and even though he sounds like he 's reading a book to five year-olds , seems quite articulate in his Italian -LRB- presumably -RRB- way . This film is way up there with the other classics of the late 70 's , early eighties era when directors DID possess the power to truly shock and disgust and in many ways is representative of the lust we have to see real horror , be it supernatural or crime-related . As modern cinema drags us through the mincer again churning out yet more horror remakes with ridiculous budgets , and fresh-faced teen TV stars , it still ca n't reproduce the grittiness and reputation of a film like I Spit On Your Grave . Even the masters of horror - Carpenter , Hooper or Craven have lost their touch leading us to believe that these ` old ' films were truly part of horror 's golden age . So rather than try to re-invent the past , buy this dvd and re-live it !
 I 'm not going to go over the plot . It 's pretty much a rape victim 's nightmare times 3 . High on exploitation with 3 brutal rape scenes and some very gruesome revenge sequences but it all feels so real . These no holds barred scenes make it oh so real which was probably the director 's intention . To show the true brutallity of rape . If you find these scenes stimulating you have some real issues . They leave you with a total feeling of disgust . I alway have had an eye for cinematography and camera use and I Spit on Your Grave makes good use of these with a skilled eye by the director . It 's really much better in this regard than Last House on the Left . Which looked like it was filmed by high school kids . I thought Camille Keaton had a presence well worth the price . When I purchased this on DVD , I was expecting some cheap movie with one of those lousy 70 's soundtracks but what made this film more effective was the haunting silence during the rape scenes so all you hear is the screams of the woman . And again , the camera work is exquisite . Not everyone will have the stomach for the plot , but it is actually a well made movie . Buy the special millenium edition . It has some very good commentaries from a denounced movie critic and the director .
 Meir Zarchi 's classic `` I Spit on your Grave '' is an assault on your senses . It graphically depicts the most vile acts known to man
 After deciding to take a breaks from the busy city to write a novel Jenny decides to head to the country to settle down and do some writing.Immediately after arriving at her destination she is harassed by the village nit wits and brutally raped not once or twice but three times but this gang of vagabonds.The rape scene are especially graphic and so is her vengence on these men.This is a good film if you love to see good ole revenge films with naked beautiful women seducing men and then ripping them to shreds with sharpe objects.This is a good film and I recommend it .
 Jenny -LRB- Camille Keaton -RRB- needs some R&R ; and some inspiration for her latest novel . So she decides to pack up , rent a nice little wilderness cabin and kill two birds with one stone . Things are going all too peacefully until the day those rowdy locals start harassing her . While sunbathing on a hammock outside and enjoying the silence , two of the local guys start cruising by her on their boat -- a hoot 'n and a holler ` n ! Jenny could have waived hello , maybe even invited the gents in for a cup of coffee or somethin ?? Instead , she decides to stick her nose up , and walk back inside . Big MISTAKE ! Especially when your a woman , all by your lonesome and very far out of your comfort zone!A day or so later , while bikini clad once more and laying in her canoe , minding her own business - the fellows happen to cruise by once more . This time they decide to rope up Jenny 's canoe and drag the poor girl to land . Immediately , Jenny starts frieken out , scream 'n the whole way and acting scared out of her wits once they hit the shore.By this time the guys -LRB- joined by two of their dimwitted friends -RRB- are all fired up . Ya see ... they have a `` slow '' one in the group -LRB- Mathew -RRB- , who also happens to be a virgin that they desperately want to get laid . After some serious peer pressure and taunting of poor Mathew -LRB- Richard Pace -RRB- Jenny is raped by one of the guys . After the assault Jenny is allowed to walk home , albeit completely butt naked , beaten , and traumatized . After a long stroll through the forest , poor Jenny is attacked again.Jenny finally makes it home , where her attackers follow and decide to have one last `` go around '' . This time Mathew cant resist the pressure and takes a ride himself . The other guys chant and laugh , and one goes so far as to assault Jenny with a glass bottle before slapping her around a few more times . OUCH!After the guys have all but drained themselves they leave . Stopping at the shoreline , it is decided that hey ca n't just let Jenny live . No , she must be killed . And who better to do it than Mathew , the village idiot . Mathew -LRB- against his will -- if you can call it that -RRB- goes back to the house to finish the job . But he just ca n't do it , because deep down he 's just another good hearted , lovable handicapped person . He leaves Jenny as is , and runs back to tell his homies that he took care of her.Fast forward
 This is one of the best movies in this world . I look the movie every 3 months on rainy weekends . Until today no movie has the same quality like this . Watch the movie and make up your mind.OK this is not everybodies taste but we are living in a free world .
 The first few minutes of this seems like a friday the 13th rip off but soon becomes the best slasher flick of all time !!!!! I showed my 7 your old son and he loved it !!!!
 i give this 5 starts because men who rape women deserve an awful death .
 this movie made me really hot!if you want something to turn you on check this out !
 I brought this for a girls night in.We sat around with our wine and watched and giggled.The Narrator in the trailer was our favorite part very melodramatic .
 As a slasher movie , it stands the test of time . However , the movie and the story both need work . Since reality programming is now all the rage and people expect a sensibility of reality in their movies , I 'll approach my review from the standpoint of the social aura that defines society as of 2003 . In other words , I 'll cover how the society and this movie feed off one another . It may not be fair to hold a piece from 1978 to the fires of 2003 , but I 'm going to do it anyway.I would first make the woman less helpless . She 's smart and sophisticated , like most city women , but she does n't seem strong enough to live in the city . I would give her a bit more strength and common sense . Playing her as a helpless little girly-girl and a pure victim throughout most of the movie should offend most feminists.However , the `` helpless woman '' is a powerful ideal that allows women in our modern society to play both sides of the fence in social and legal arenas . Women love to be strong , yet helpless . Empowered , yet underprivileged . Equal , yet they must receive special considerations . Sadly , this enigma is a social phenomenon that allows this movie to work well.Only a woman can be a helpless killer.To maintain this unique social power , feminists will turn a blind eye to all fiction and non-fiction characters that portray women in this light . The best way to avoid exposure of the feminist agenda in this script is to distract the moviegoer by pointing a finger directly at what one can visually see
 ummmmmmmmmmmmm ... 5 star disc .4 star movie.Listen to joe bobb briggs commentary , ok.Funny !
 This has to be the best movie I have ever seen
 I loved this movie from start to finish.I definatly want it in my movie collection . How could they make citizen Kane number 1 on the afi when we have this out and out master piece.Its the tale of a woman on a trip , unfortunatly she runs into some mean hombres along the way .
 A great movie , but not for everyone . If you have a weak stomach dont even attempt to watch this movie . And ladies if you have ever been raped or have been threatned ... dont watch this . This isnt a movie to take your date on because you will freak her out . Very violent , disturbing , nudity beyond belive . It 's about a woman who is raped numerous times by 4 rednecks . Later she gets revenge on each of them , the deaths are very violent and the director used his imagination on a lot of them . I recommend this movie to everyone who thinks they can handle it . Again you need a strong stomach , and remember it is only a movie . Men , watch out for the bathtub scene , it will make you cry and never want to take a bath again .
 When my husband first rented this , I thought . . yeah right another T&A movie ... was I ever suprised ... I loved it ... finally a woman takes CONTROL !
 THIS MOVIE RULES . IF YOU LIKE REVENGE MOVIES THIS ONE 'S FOR YOU !!
 This movie is great . A group of guys gangbang rape a woman on vacation . Later she all seduces them to their gory ends . I loved the blood and gore and parts of this film made me laugh . I should not have laughed though , especially during the rape sequences . But I did .
 `` I Spit On Your Grave '' is not as bad as it 's critics say it is.Yes the rape scenes are hard to watch.And the revenge scenes are fairly tame.Unless you have never know a woman who was raped , or you were raped yourself.You then could not under stand how a woman could do such things.I found this film to be very refreshing.Mainly because any man who rapes a woman should have done to them , what is done to these four men .
 I had been trying to get this film for a long time and when i finally did , i thought it was a cool movie . I only recommend this film to horror/gore/revenge film lovers . I myself am a fan of horror/gore movies and i think it is great .
 If you like your films nasty and twisted with a character that has a gilligan hat to boot , rent this film ! -LRB- wimps stay away ! -RRB-
 I Spit on your Grave is probably one of the sickest films I 've seen in awhile . Early in the film you get to hate the men so that makes the ending easier to watch . OUCH ! I 'm afraid of bubbles now ! BUY THIS ONE PEOPLE !
 You ca n't go wrong with this masterpiece . The remastered edition is truly beautiful , the shots are nicely composed and executed . The film , shot in Conneticut in 1978 , will give you a definite feel of the times , a truly atmospheric flick . Originally titled DAY OF THE WOMAN , the plot will quickly let you know why . Camille Keaton is the beautiful lead , and suposedly a distant relative of the silent era great BUSTER KEATON , shines in this marvelous film . The henchmen are evily displayed by a bunch of flunkies , but hey , low budget is low budget . This is definetly ANCHOR BAY 'S greatest restored film out there on the market !
 when i sat down to watch this i was expecting a lot of gore done badly and even worse acting . it came as a pleasent suprise how good it was it only lost a star for a bit of a rushed ending but besides that i did enjoy it as a proper thriller and i would recommend it to a friend i think it sits above other exploit movies for it was done properly with good actors and script
 One of the most controversial and notorious movies to come out from the 1970 's was Meir Zarchi 's I Spit On Your Grave . Jennifer Hill , a New York writer , decides to go to a cabin in the country to finish her novel . Much of the plot is already given out on the back of the video box . She is sunbathing in her boat out in the lake when two locals in a motorboat , the blond Andy and dark-haired Stanley , lasso her boat to the shore and chase her through the woods . They are joined by two of their friends , Johnny , the local gas station attendant , and Matthew , the nerdy-looking half-retarded grocery delivery man who has a crush on her . She is stripped , raped and beaten bloody three times , twice in the woods , once in her cabin . Having survived this traumatic ordeal , she gets a well-deserved revenge on all four of them.The way Jennifer is attacked and chased is the way one would treat a hunted animal , especially as Andy and Stanley yell like rednecks in heat , adding to the fear she felt . Hunting is probably one of the pastimes country hicks like them enjoy , and to them , she is no different from any deer.There are some issues still relevant today . One is the motivation of the men who attacked Jennifer . Johnny thinks she was asking for it , as she showed up at the gas station walking back and forth in her summer dress , showing off her legs , and later , when she was in her bathing suit . This is the `` she 's asking for it '' defense . In fact when he and his friends are out fishing at night , he says that women from the city come to the country for one thing ... sex . While I far from condone rape , there is something to be said for Jennifer 's cut-offs and other revealing clothes . Perhaps the men felt exploited , being turned on like that . It 's the same argument used in selling adult magazines and videos
 one of my all time faves , the dialogue is awful , the acting is terrible , and if it wasnt for the premise and some of the more memorable scenes * ahem * bathtub * ahem * i would have never have even thought of this film again in my life . but its because of the nasty bad acting , the horrid dialogue , and the premise that i LOVE this movie , its movies like this that you can show some of your more prudish friends , everyone has at least one , and make them go ewwwwwwwww . mu hu ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha
 There is no justification for making such a rotten and loathesome movie . With the notable exception of the 2002 underground film `` They All Must Die ! '' which was banned worldwide , I Spit On Your Grave has to contain the most graphic and heinous rape scene in the history of film . I am not even sure why I bought it . If the director wanted to make a point that rape is terrible , he made it . And I came away from this film feeling dirty about being a man . I guess any movie that can make me feel something -LRB- good or bad -RRB- is worth its while . I hate to say it ... but , it was interesting , for the most part , and I recommend that everyone sees it .
 I saw this movie when I was a child and I didnt remember it until my mother asked me to look for it . I remembered it and bought for her . we both love watching it .
 I received my package in record time . . the conditionof the VHS was excellent . . will use this person in thefuture .
 A very twisted movie -LRB- for a seventies flick -RRB- . Especially that scene in the bath-tub . Ick . I suppose that they deserved it , though , eh ? Moral
 Forget about what you heard . . this movie is freaking AWESOME ! Camille Keaton managed to play a role back then that women get Oscars for now . I went into this movie with extremely low expectations , but I 'm glad to say that this movie exceeded those low expectations . First of all , being a rape survivor myself , I was very apprehensive about watching this movie after the things I heard regarding the rape scene which I did find pretty harsh . The truth of the matter is , this type of thing happens more frequently than people think . These 4 men took a gorgeous woman , who was minding her own business trying to write a novel in the peacefulness of the wilderness , and they damaged her for no reason . I 'm sorry , but I could n't help but root for Jennifer after she began seeking her revenge knowing full well all these men deserved what they got . Secondly , let me just say that these men had to be the dumbest men on the planet because they walked right into these attacks with their eyes wide open . How could they honestly believe that a woman they raped and brutalized came back to seduce them for more ? OH ! The ending is my favorite . I had to give the girl a big round of applause for that , and if you wan na know what I mean see the movie . Third , people keep complaining , but this movie was made back in the 70 's without a huge budget . Back when people actually had to act out a movie because there were n't any computers or special effects to distract you from the dumb storyline or talentless actors . Back when people did n't get paid 30 gazillion dollars just to show their faces on the screen , or 35 gazillion dollars just to die in the first scene . Frankly , I think this movie is a cult classic . My only pete peeve is that everytime they make a movie about big city people coming to the South for relaxation they get victimized by dumb rednecks or mountain men ala `` Deliverance '' style . Fourth , do n't believe the hype , this movie is not horror by any means , so please do n't watch this expecting to see Ms. Voorhies because you 'll be seriously disappointed . Fifth , you have people comparing this to `` The Brave One '' . Frankly , I do n't see how the 2 compare . Jodie Foster gets attacked with her boyfriend who dies as a result , and then she turns vigilante/murderer ordaining herself in charge of stopping all the injustice in the city . I 'm sorry , but what does that have to do with this movie ? ABSOLUTELY NOTHING ! I 'm saying this not to be rude , but do n't be misled by that comparison either because in my opinion it 's not accurate . Lastly , before I make my exit , it is my recommendation that you must see this movie , and if not for the rape scene , watch it to see justice served , or should I say , revenge served cold as ice .
 A pretty young novelist rents a secluded cabin in the woods in order to have a nice , quiet place in which to hunker down and start writing the great American novel . But instead of peace and serenity , she ends up as the victim of brutal rape and torture at the hands of a band of semi-literate rednecks . She somehow survives the ordeal , though , and after regaining her physical and emotional bearing , she finds the inner strength to return to the scene of the crime and confront her attackers ... . Thusly winds the plot of 1978 's infamous and controversial revenge flick I SPIT ON YOUR GRAVE -LRB- originally titled DAY OF THE WOMAN -RRB- . In the uncut version of this soupon-budget flick -- which is the version offered on the DVD from Elite -- the gang-rape and torture sequence consumes an inordinate amount of screen time . Though this sequence has sometimes been compared to the sodomy scene in Boorman 's DELIVERANCE -LRB- 1972 -RRB- , it is more often criticized as being merely gratuitous and subliminally misogynistic . Unlike Boorman , who only slyly and skillfully SUGGESTS the sodomy and torture in his famous film , the director of I SPIT ON YOUR GRAVE , Meir Zarchi , is unflinchingly graphic in his depiction of rape . He does n't want to do anything that might candy-coat this bitter pill , because he wants the audience to see just how abhorring such personal violation actually is.Lauded by loyal fans as a simple film that makes an important and abstruse point , I SPIT ON YOUR GRAVE is admittedly neither complex nor deep . Yes , the plotting is rudimentary and subtext is virtually nonexistent . Yes , the film lacks a musical score . And , yeah , a few of the characters are trite , shallow , and one-dimensional , and some of the dialogue is hokey . To certain aesthete filmgoers , this raw simplicity may come across as banal , sophomoric cinema . But aesthetics is only a secondary concern with this film . The primary purpose is to declare a particular message or two and to declare them as in-your-face as possible . The film DOES indeed have a couple of staunch points to make regarding the repugnance of rape and misogyny , an individual 's rights regarding their body , and the justification for exacting eye-for-an-eye revenge . And it proclaims these points in a graphically straightforward manner that , if nothing else , certainly grabs the audience 's attention.The Elite DVD version of I SPIT ON YOUR GRAVE offers a surprisingly clear , clean anamorphic transfer of the film in its original aspect ratio of 1.85:1 . The sound , while not as impressive as the digital video , is available in Dolby Digital 5.1 , DTS Surround Sound 5.1 , or the original mono . The disc 's extras include a feature commentary by the director , as well as a hilarious commentary track by cult-film aficionado and critic Joe Bob Briggs , the stage persona of actor/writer John Bloom . -LRB- Joe Bob 's articulate , knowledgeable , and extremely humorous commentary is itself worth the disc 's purchase price . -RRB- Also included are the theatrical trailers -- some of which promote the film under its original title -- various interviews , and press-coverage items that include the merciless repudiation of the film by some famous critics . For a film that has generated such negative publicity over the years , this is quite meritorious bonus material.True , I SPIT ON YOUR GRAVE is an exploitative splatter film with a plot that is often dismissed by critics as a tale of one city girl and handful of sadistic hayseeds traipsing through a series of grisly scenes . It 's definitely not for the squeamish , but anybody who views the film is certain to walk away with a firm pathos for rape victims and a strong disdain for rapists . And since that is what the filmmakers were aiming for , I SPIT ON YOUR GRAVE must be regarded as a highly successful film .
 `` I Spit On Your Grave '' is one of the most notorious films to play so-called `` Grindhouse '' movie houses during the 70 's , and most critics that bothered to see it dismissed it as reprehensible garbage . Gene Siskel and Roger Ebert in particular hated it , and even the audience the film supposedly attracted . Considering it boasts the dubious honor of containing the longest -- and most graphic -- rape scene in film history -LRB- not counting porn -RRB- seems to justify their reaction . But wait ! ISOYG is also the tale of one woman 's bloody revenge against her attackers , and its supporters even maintain that it 's actually a pro-feminist movie . Watching it , one can easily imagine that director Meir Zarchi honestly thought that was what he was doing . I kinda think he was trying to have it both ways
 I get a chuckle out of many people 's reaction to this movie , as opposed to Deliverance . While Deliverance had a higher budget and better acting , the plot is roughly the same - out of towner is raped by some yocals , who then pay for their crime with their lives through an act of revenge.In this movie , viewers are more shocked that a woman is raped instead of a man . Anyone who has seen Deliverance will forever remember the words , `` Squeal like a pig . '' Viewers of I Spit On Your Grave are not treated to the same physiological thrills ; only , raw and brutal images.I found the low-budget flick very refreshing from the usual Hollywood glitz and horror film cookie-cutter format . The plot was no worse off than , say , Friday the 13th for example . And , it was so unusual to see an abundance of gratuitous sex and violence in an American film.Worthy of note - this film has been banned in several countries , including the UK , while Deliverance received no more than an R -LRB- 18 -RRB- Rating . I take this to mean that it 's more socially acceptable to rape a man than a woman.Aside from all the controversy , sex , and violence , I put it on par with Pink Flamingos . You do n't need a billion dollar budget to tell a story or make a good shocker film .
 This is a five star film with brutal honesty and is the product of the director 's real life encounter with a rape victim . Other open minded reviewers have done this film justice , I just wanted to point out a few things about the small minded review put foward by PETER below :1 . The scenes are extended to make the audience feel as though they have gone through an ordeal and to fully express the pain and horror of the crime ! But you seem to think a PG rated sequence lasting 10 seconds be more honest ?! 2 . This movie deserves royal DVD treatment more so than any of todays mainstream garbage as it clearly makes more of an impact than any major studio 's tame market friendly drivel which is put out as modern horror . Many companies such as Anchor Bay , Blue Underground , Shriek Show ect have made it their buiness to put uncut lavishly produced DVD 's of films like this out as there is a gap in the current market that can only be filled by classic genre films . Do n't belive me ? They have remade Texas Cahinsaw Massacre ! 3 . I 'd like to know how you can critize the intelligence of other reviewers when in another review you gave a CD by boyband FIVE 4 stars ?! There is a lot of sybolism in this film and if it went over your head then no one else is to blame but yourself ! You show your true intelligence by quoting a previous review which is clearly written by another small minded reviewer who hates the film and is satirical mocking the films fans as an example of a 5 star reviewer ?! Try reading that review again and this time you might get that they are against it too ! Unfamiliar with the concept of satire are you , Peter ? 4 . As an international customer I found your xenophobia -LRB- get out the dictionary Peter -RRB- quite distasteful to say the least . If you do n't like foreign film directors then stick with Titanic and Pearl Habour and write reviews on how brilliant and important those films are and leave the genre films to true genre fans !!! I just hope that I 've helped any one else who is reading these reviews and is deciding on whether or not to give this contraversial film a chance . Ignore condesending reviews like Peter 's and see for yourself . This film is definitely not for everyone and I am sure that there will be intelligence people who wo n't like it due to it 's confronting nature . It 's best that you take a look for yourself , make up your own mind and please do not let the ideals of a very vocal and dim witted group who have continued to persecute this film from it 's initial release to this day lead you to dismiss the other level to this film beyond it 's harshness .
 This movie definitely has a cult-B movie quality about it . Therefore , I suppose it is safe to say that this film is n't for everyone . However , I am not sure why people are so appalled by this movie . The center of the story revolves around a rape and the aftermath of that event . I also realize rape is one of the most disgusting acts that could transpire between two human beings . With this taken into consideration , we as a society should n't watch this a pure entertainment , correct ? Well if that is the case we as a fellowship should wipe out viewing 90 % television and motion pictures . Reason being is that murder is a pretty nasty act , next to rape . However , how many movies as `` entertainment '' do western civilization watch that includes murder and/or killing people ? Lethal Weapon -LRB- any part -RRB- , XXX , Pulp Fiction , Face Off , Blade , Die Hard , Scarface , Desperado , Matrix , Bad Boys , should I keep going?I have n't even listed horror films , but let us think of twisted ways to kill other people . Then the killer -LRB- s -RRB- can be dressed in really cool Halloween costumes and have multiple sequels . Finally , we go to the theater and get seats for a showing that fits our capitalistic schedule , while eat over priced popcorn ! Is n't that the entire point of a horror movie and going to see one ? Well how about to sell it to the masses we remove all the blood , then we can make it PG-13 !!! A perfect example of a movie with plenty of violence and killing is `` Mr. and Mrs. Smith '' . This was probably one of the worst movies I have ever seen , but that aside , watch the last action scene of this movie . Branglina must have killed a hundred people , but there was n't any blood . This makes it alright for a PG-13 rating ; therefore it is alright to send our youth to watch this movie . So if you want to say `` I Spit on Your Grave '' is a terrible movie and is tasteless , fine . However , you better close theaters for blockbuster summer movies and/or cancel many televisions programs , because violence is everywhere , regardless if it is sexual driven or not.As for `` I Spit on Your Grave '' itself , does the movie have the greatest story line ? No . Is the acting unbelievable and amazing ? No . Will it win any awards ? No . However , all the aspects of the movie give it an element that is mesmerizing . Now this movie is about a brutal rape , but that is n't all it 's about . One should wear the sign `` Myopic '' if they think this movie is only about rape . It is about a rape and its aftermath . How the character Jennifer reacts and deals with it . I know I stated prior that the acting in this movie is n't unbelievable and amazing . However , Camille Keaton -LRB- who sort of has this Fiona Apple quality about her -RRB- does a pretty good job in the movie.As for the DVD itself , ELITE ENTERTAINMENT did a great job in restoring the picture and sound . However , I do n't know why this movie was remastered in THX . There is no major sound effects or really any music . I suppose any conduit to George Lucas and Obi-Wan Kenobi is a good one . There is also an audio commentary track with Joe Bob Riggs , which is very insightful . As for the genre , I would n't list this as a horror movie at all . I would consider it more a drama . Nevertheless , the bathtub scene still makes my skin crawl . Right fellas?In conclusion , I am not a person who is inclined to forgive a rapist or am one of these people that are turned on by sadistic acts such as rape . I enjoy this movie because it is edgy ; not your normal cookie cutter movie of today . This type of motion picture would n't be made today ; I suppose it is that postmodern John Calvin attitude that is bleeding over into media . As for movies about rape , I want to remind everyone that there was a movie about rape that allowed Jodie Foster to win an academy award .
 First off I do consider ' I Spit On Your Grave ' aka - ` Day Of The Woman ' which I do actually prefere as the title , a cult classic . Some may just happen to hire and view the film by chance and laugh through it at some of the rapes and especially Jennifer 's revenge on each rapist , but what I see and understand with each viewing is that as I interpret it , that it has an important message throughout out it , and in each scene . I really like this film , and I know in saying that , that it can be confusing for other people to understand that especially if they do n't like or deeply understand the film as I do . I think it 's a important film out there in the world and that it really says something if analised and watching each performance carefully . The beautiful Camille Keaton did a wonderful , honest , brave , spellbinding , mesmerising job as Jennifer Hills.The other actors who played the rapists were very good in their roles and pulled it off convincinly . One day while watching ' I Spit ' , my brother watched some of it and commented that the actors who were the rapists were crap . I believe that , that was n't the case , it was just that they did such a convincing job that it somehow does affect the viewer . ' I Spit '
 This movie is great . Artistic in a sick way . Sort of has a feminist flavor too it , but in a cool way . Definently a morality message underneath . also , Theres a classic scene that will traumatize any man who watches this film .
 This movie is violent and very disturbing . Still , Joe Bob Briggs provides one of my favorite commentaries of all time . He argues that the movie does not exploit women , but rather is a testament to their power . That commentary alone is worth the ten bucks or so . Better yet , find the two pack with the remake and see how superior this version is .
 WOMEN ROCK ! Love to see women getting revenge . Great movie and way better than the remake . My husband recommended this movie and we really enjoyed watching it
 A New York woman -LRB- where I am from -RRB- , goes to the country -LRB- where I live now -RRB- to start working on her book -LRB- what I am also doing -RRB- . Only to be brutally raped and beaten by 5 different men savagly -LRB- what I hope never happens -RRB- . Thats when she gets her big payback . One by one she gets them back different ways like they all deserve it . Men for some reason do n't like this movie .
 I am a huge fan of horror flicks and liked this movie . Packaged arrived on time and in good condition . Warning this is not a movie for kids of any age and even some adults , there is a rape scene in this film and it is very brutal that is why it was band years ago .
 The original Meir Zarchi thriller . This film is a classic . It spotlights adark side of society . It is a modern horror story with a verygratifying ending . A lesson to all women abusers .
 This movie is a classic ! I have been searching for this movies for at least 2 years and found it on Amazon.com . It was a drama that could be so close to real it was amazing . Love that movie !!!!
 Cult classic film with controversial content throughout.Referenced many times over , including in Wes Craven 's SCREAM -LRB- Tatum in the garage scene
 When iwas looking to purchase this I heard about the Millennium edition having things the other versions did not have , as far as I can tell it was the same movie with nothing new or added but , still a classic .
 this move is a must watch it is very good so sad how they treated the lady but best believe she got pay back
 i recieved this blue ray movie in great condition . i also recieved it fast . the price was a steal . and i am very satisfied with it . im a collector and this movie is one to have .
 They left out the part at the beginning when the lady goes to the grocery store and sees Matthew working there . She orders her groceries then asks Matthew to deliver them to her house . In this movie , the first time we see Matthew is when he rings the doorbell and she opens the door and he 's standing there with a grocery sack in each arm . I know this sounds insignificant to the story but i always hate it when they remove parts of a movie .
 This is a movie that has grown on me over time . Hated it after the first viewing , but something about it made me want to try it again and have loved it ever since . It has one of the most brutal rape scenes in cinema history and what she does to one guy when she is out for revenge -LRB- in the tub -RRB- is horrifying . That tub is scene still sticks out to me as one of the most disturing things I have seen in a movie . Being a guy probably has something to do with it too . Overall , a disturbing film that wo n't be everyone 's cup of tea , but still one worth checking out at least once .
 I consider this a feel good movie . Anybody bothered by it should n't or could n't be a horror fan . Yes , poor Jennifer , but damn , they get what they got comin to them ! I love when all the bad guys lose in the end . It makes me `` feel good '' !!!!
 I know one thing this movie should be shown to men who have the tendencies of a rapist ... Especially those who are in prison and about to be released . It would make them think twice about raping again . The scene where she killed the sheriff , I would have left him alive and taunted him so much that he 'd wish he was dead . After all he had more to lose then those other idiots , his family and job . It was obvious he used his position to do dirt and get away with it . Oh I would have still stuck the rifle where the sun do n't shine so that he could n't sit for a month or twelve . But keeping him so scared of his family and job finding out what he did would be the icing on the cake -LRB- Hey maybe another remake with this story line could be good . The title should be `` In Deep Spit '' -RRB- .
 I had not seen this movie in years . This movie always crawls under your skin . Although it is filmed on a low budget of the day , it was a walk down memory lane and brought back fond drive in times when triple features was comon . It may not be a movie you will watch over and over , but it will have you talking . The bathroom scean still makes me jump .
 This movie has held up over the years and it still is considered a classic . Like most classics , it has been remade -LRB- 2010 -RRB- to try to reach out to a younger audience . I am sure that once people see this remake that are going to want to watch the original and what better way to do that , then in 1080p blu ray format . I have seen both the original and the remake and I can say that the original is still the best . This is a must watch .
 I saw the remake of ' I spit on your grave ' first and to be honest that had me squirming because it 's done by today 's standards which I 've grown up with . So I 've bought the original and I would almost say it 's tame enough for TV even if you get the ever so light glimpse of dong and of course some girlie nudity . The violence though is pretty tame by today 's standards more so if you have seen the remake.But this title is cheap and I personally believe it 's still very much worth seeing . In some ways it has more story and is more fulfilling in the story telling sense than the all out shock of the remake.In fact I 'd say get both . Watch this first and appreciate it and then watch the remake .
 A VERY VIOLENT horror movie !!!! Is about this girl that gets raped by four men in the woods and after that she want BLOODY REVENGE !!!! The story is simple but the film is very entertainig and easy to understand . There 's BLOOD , suspense , nudity and GORY killings . The movie does n't have music but it gives a more realistic touch . The direction and cinematoghraphy were VERY good for a low budget film.The ONLY bad thing is that the storyline is VERY SLOW ! but the wating is worth if you like this kind of horror vengance.P.S
 This is one of the most shocking movies I 've ever seen . probably as shocking as Cannibal Holocaust , although totally different genres and themes . The story is about a woman who is raped beyond anything in your worst nightmares , and how she gets revenge on the guys that do it . I ca n't say I have seen anything like this before . I doubt many people have . I 'm not gon na spoil the movie for anyone by telling you the whole story , but watch this if you want to see something out of the ordinary .
 `` I Spit On Your Grave '' has a rather remarkable history for an exploitation film . I vividly remember a little video store close to where I lived ten years ago or so placed this film in their adult section , apparently concerned that the disturbing images within were so dangerous that only those interested in the latest Ron Jeremy release could appreciate them . Director Meir Zarchi , a definite one shot wonder if there ever was one , continues to squeeze every drop of coin out of his film as possible . How many different versions of this movie is this guy going to release ? A `` Millennium Edition '' ? Are you kidding me ? I have spent some time viewing several of the more extreme entries in the exploitation genre , and I can confidently state that `` I Spit On Your Grave '' is one of the more milder contributions to that exalted field . If you want to watch something truly mind boggling , track down a copy of Ruggiero Deodato 's `` Cannibal Holocaust . '' The fact that Zarchi 's film got a widespread DVD release while Deodato 's little gem remains mired in virtual obscurity constitutes one of the great crimes in the B movie arena . Still , `` I Spit On Your Grave '' does have a message for those willing to sit down and watch it.In what must have shocked New York filmgoers who screened this exploitation piece in one of the grindhouse theaters in the 1970s , `` I Spit On Your Grave '' concerns the brutalizing of a young girl from the Big Apple named Jennifer Hill during a sojourn she makes into rural upstate New York in order to write a novel while slumming around in a riverfront cabin . Jenny , played by a very pretty Camille Keaton , almost immediately runs into four local losers when she stops at a gas station near her rented house . These four goons , after learning that one of their gang has never spent time with a woman , arrive at the brilliant idea of launching a full frontal assault on Jennifer . They do n't immediately overwhelm her , of course , but rather build up to it by slowly terrorizing her . They cruise by her digs on a noisy motorboat , distracting her from her writing with their hoots and hollers . Our gang of rural cretins finally makes their move when they discover Jennifer out on the river in a little row boat . Using their big , bad powerboat , the gang hijacks the unfortunate lass 's vessel and tows her to shore.What follows are several distressing scenes of rape and violence , sequences that drag on for what seems like hours as the gang has their fun , lets Jenny go , and then reappears for more nightmarish activities . After this lengthy degradation finally , mercifully comes to a close , the criminals force one of their crew to go dispatch Hill with a knife . Regrettably , for these tough guys who seek to erase the evidence of their monstrous endeavors , the man they pick to do the deed suffers from a mental disability and can not muster enough nerve to go through with the ultimate crime . Big mistake . Jennifer recovers from her injuries and begins to plot her revenge against her tormentors . Making good use of that old adage about a `` woman scorned , '' Jenny uses her feminine wiles to lure and ultimately murder the four men who committed such nauseating violations . What you would think would provide plenty of gory thrills turns out to be a rather tepid series of revenge killings . One of the men dies when Jenny hangs him from a tree , another in a bathtub when Hill applies a knife to a most cringe worthy area , and the final two in the river . The movie ends with Jenny roaring down the river in a motorboat , seemingly sated by her well laid plans.Several things do actually work in `` I Spit On Your Grave . '' The willowy , pretty Camille Keaton lounging around her house at the beginning of the film in her bikini is nice -LRB- but definitely not later , when the horror begins -RRB- , but does n't inspire me to admire in any way the activities of the men in the film , one of whom eventually tells his victim that she was `` asking for it '' because she wore revealing clothing . I can appreciate what Zarchi tried to do with his nasty little shocker
 BASED ON A TRUE STORY . THIS LATE 1970 'S FILM IS ABOUT A WOMAM WHO WAS RAPED AND TORTURED BY A GROUP OF HIPPIES THEN LEFT HER TO DIE . BUT LOOK OUT ... SHE COMES BACK WITH A VENGENCE . PERSONLY IN MY OPINION , SHE DID WHAT SHE HAD TO DO . LET 'S FACE IT , SHE WAS GANG-RAPED , TORTURED AND THEN LEFT TO DIE . ONE REVIEWER SAID THAT SHE SHOULD HAVE GOTTEN THE GAS CHAMBER FOR KILLING THOSE MEN . WELL I WILL SAY THIS IN HER DEFENSE . IN SOME WAYS SHE DID THE RIGHT THING . SHE REALLY HAD NO CHOICE . 1 WHAT IF THEY MAY HAVE CAME BACK WEEKS OR MONTHS LATER A TRIED IT AGAIN , 2 . WHAT IF THE MEN DID THIS TO SOME OTHER WOMAN . THAT 'S WHERE I HAVE LEARNED IN ONE RESPECT ... YOU DO N'T MESS WITH WOMEN LIKE THAT . IF YOU HURT THEM , IN SOME CASES THEY WILL KILL YOU . IT IS THAT SIMPLE . I SAT AND WATCHED THIS MOVIE , THESE ANIMALS RAPE AND TORURE THIS HELPLESS WOMAN WHO WAS A VICTUM FROM THE MOMENT THIS SICK INCIDENT HAPPENED . SHE DID NOT DESERVE TO BE TREATED LIKE THAT . AND SPEAKING AS A REAL MAN ... WHICH I AM . THE STORIES AGAINST HER AND ABOUT HER ARE PURE SICK AND PURE PUKE . AND AFTER WATCHING THIS MOVIE . SHE SEEMED TO BE A REALLY NICE KIND GENTLE WOMAN WAS PRUTALLY ROBBED FOR NOTHING . TO THESE SICK MEN WHO DID THIS TO THAT WOMAN ... IT WAS A PARTY THAT WAS NOT FUN AT ALL . TO THIS INNOCENT WOMAN ... IT WAS GREAT JUSTICE . AND IF SHE HAD N'T THE MONSTERS WOULD HAVE DONE THIS TO ANOTHER WOMAN . I AM AGAINST VIOLENCTS . BUT UNDER THESE CONTITIONS OF THE BRUTALITY , THIS IS ONE MOVIE THAT GUYS WILL THINK TWICE ABOUT EVER RAPING OR TORURING A WOMAN AGAIN . THERE WAS NO RESPECT FOR THIS WOWMAN WHATS SO EVER . SHE WAS ON HER WAY TO WRITTING HER FIRST BOOK WHEN THIS HAPPENED . THIS GOES OUT TO THE REAL LIFE WOMAN . I AM SO SORRY ABOUT THIS . THIS WAS WRONG AND THSES MEN PAIED THE ULTIMATE PRICE , AND THEY DESERVED WHAT THEY GOT . SURE , THERE IS VIOLENTS IN WOMEN . I HAVE SEEN IT . BUT IN THIS CASE THIS WAS A MEANS FO PROTECTING HERSELF AND OTHER WOMEN . AND POSSIBLY MEN , BUT ON THE OTHER HAND I REALLY DOUBT THAT ONE . SHE WAS THE JUSTICE . THAT 'S IT . IT CERTAINLY MADE ME THINK TWICE ABOUT EVER DOING SOMETHING LIKE THAT . I WOULD NOT DO THAT KIND OF THING ANYWAY . PLEASE UNDERSTAND ... THOSE MEN WOULD HAVE DONE THIS TO SOMEBODY ELSE IF SHE DID NOT KILL THIS MEN . QUITE FRANKLY , SHE WON IN THE END . ALTHOUGH VERY EXTREME ... THIS WAS AND IS A WOMAN NO MAN WILL EVER MESS WITH EVER AGAIN .
 This is a wildly intense horror film of it 's time . - `` ISpit On Your Grave . '' - Grapples many horror cliches onscreen . - Camille Keaton . - Plays a women victim of rapeand unless she can put a stop two it . - She can . - Thismovie holds the barrier for wes cravens . - The LastHouse On The Left . - Which was the best movie evermade . - And I think . - The director might of thatand write his own version of rape and torture . - Imay just give away a little on this film . - It startsout as the nice girl going on vacation and isconfronted by some hoods and they beat her upin a cabin and she escapes and enact a bloodyrevenge on the hoods . - I saw this movie some time ago onVideo . - VHS . - And the movie looked grainy in it 's hay day.this makes the perfect transfer now on DVD . - I am gladthat ; - Horror ; - Garu . - Joe Bob Briggs . - Still cares aboutthe horror genera . - I hope he keeps it up the day he dies.I ca n't believe they did not ask him two do a commentaryfor ; - The Texas Chainsaw Massacre . - Special Edition . - AndThe Last House On the Left . - The two films that Monstervision never allowed two show . - TNT . - Was sinsere oncinsor part . - Briggs . - Is the best commentator.I 've wish they make him . - President . . - Of ; - DVD Horror.Back two the Indy Horror slasher . - This is The Last House OnThe Left ; - clone . - It is one of the second best and I docompare it two that flick . - Ms. - Keaton . - Does a good job.Specially she may be related to . - Mr. - Batman . - Him self.Michael Keaton . - I do n't care how badly the critics squashthese movies . - Their good . - They just tell a story like itis . - Specially . - I know the kid is mentally handicap.I seen the part where she is sunbathing on a boat andspotting the guys . - Their I said . - This is a great horrormovie . - In it 's dark nature .
 ... On the other hand , after watching the first volume of the ` Calculus ' series , I am VERY pleased ! Dr. Shane -LRB- though a bit monotonal in his presentation -RRB- , does an * excellent * job . His mastery of the material is obvious ; in fact , it is easy to tell he has taught the material for quite some time , as I find him answering questions as I think of them ! I guess I am not the first one to struggle with this material ... Dr. Shane also handles some of the more difficult problems . This was a major complaint I had with the Standard Deviant tapes . His explanations are straightfoward , and after watching the first volume I find myself understanding the material much better . And I have found him to not `` over narrate '' the material . He seems to use exactly the right words for the situation , and does n't distract the viewer unnessecarily -LRB- another probem with the Standard Deviant tapes . -RRB- I feel I am very well-equipped to apply the calculus to real-life problems . As I write this , I am about halfway through the first video in the second volume , and already I find that I have a much better grip on Integral Calculus . I ca n't wait to get to the third and fourth volumes ! My only complaint ... these things do n't come on DVD!They are more pricey than Standard Deviants , but if you * really * want to know the material -- these are the videos to get . Period .
 I remember when this first aired on television . While I thought that it definitely could have been longer , I also enjoyed it because I was able to see a new side to the Brady 's , so to speak . And from someone who grew up with Brady 's , at least in re-runs , it was fun to see them as actual kids , being goofy.If you missed this when it first aired , and are a Brady fan , it 's definitely something that is worth watching . The only reason I give it four stars instead of five is because I feel it could have been longer , and wish that Maureen McCormick and Eve Plumb would have been with the rest of the cast during this little mini-reunion . However , as a plus , at the end , there are interviews with Susan Olsen and Mike Lookinland , that stretch to a pretty good portion , which is definitely another plus , as long as you are a Cindy and Bobby fan .
 Robert Reed gave all the Brady kids Super 8 cameras . Unbeknownst to him , he initiated the concept of REALITY TV ! There 's no nude scenes , ambush confrontations or interventions , but if you were/are a fan of the Brady Bunch , you will adore this DVD . It is , in reality , a contribution to the documentation of the world of pop culture way-back-when , definitely worth your attention .
 If you buy the DVD & Play it as I did you 'll be displeased as I was for how they took out the very essence -LRB- s -RRB- of the special once they took out The intro comment by `` Carol '' of `` This is our first reunion since the Girls got Married , '' along with the typed data across the stars ` photos saying for one example Florence Henderson a.k.a. Carol Brady & changing it to a still sign saying Florence Henderson 's pictures.But other than this with the very essence that it was first seen with on TV with some of their pre & post Brady follow-ups & even if not all them to date at that time on that Wednesday Night in May of 1995 on CBS.so that I want all fans of whom are reading this to write Rhino Home Video ,10635 Santa Monica Blvd , Los Angeles CA 90025-4900 but now that I found this P.O.Box was closed the next step to go is to -LSB- ... -RSB- Also in the mean time until the original way of which it was seen on TV gets on DVD I dock this rating from 5 stars to 3
 ... all `` Brady '' kids got 8 mm silent movie cameras as gifts . The movies they made with these cameras is what basically makes up this television special . Better and more interesting than most of the Brady specials/documentaries . This special was put together by Susan Olsen -LRB- Cindy -RRB- , which gives it some genuine Brady cred . Cast members are present as well to lend commentary where appropriate . Some footage is from the cruise Robert Reed took the kids on -LRB- the trip where Greg tried to put the moves on Marcia , er , rather , Barry tried to put the moves on Maureen -RRB- . Surprising it did n't air more than once , considering it rated well on it 's first and only CBS airing . This special was filmed after Robert Reed 's passing .
 Before reality TV swept the nation , Robert Reed -LRB- who played dad Mike Brady -RRB- had the genius idea to take ALL of the kids on vacation with him and give them portable cameras to record the event.Even if it ruinned the serenity of his usually quiet vacations , this same decision would ultimately provide the BEST footage of the ` Bradys ' as most people never saw them previously . Thus , unlike a lot of retrospective titles , this entry consistently keeps audience interest.As chronicled in Growing up Brady
 September 21 , 2000 `` Brady Bunch home movies '' is an amazing look behind-the-scenes at one of the worlds best known , and loved TV shows . Robert Reed -LRB- Mike Brady -RRB- gave each of the `` Brady Kids '' a super 8mm video camera their first Christmas together . The kids spent the next 5 years -LRB- during breaks from filming The Brady Bunch -RRB- making their own home movies . This rare look at the entire cast and crew , along with early auditions , commercials and a `` where are they now '' segment , make `` Brady Bunch Home Movies '' a must in ANY Brady collection !
 I loved this DVD . It was funny and touching at times -LRB- especially the cast member 's tribute to Robert Reed -RRB- . I had never heard of a `` Super 8 camera '' before , so I enjoyed seeing what it could do and the quality of it was really good . The whole content of this DVD was absolutely wonderful and the stories to go along with it were equally funny and touching .
 This is a TV special that aired in 1995 . This is a very entertaining documentery on the real lives of the Brady Bunch-when the cameras were not rolling . They were normal kids who liked to have fun . They were very good at goofing off-they were just being themselves.Robert Reed-who played the father-Mike Brady on the show gave each one of the kids super 8 cameras . They all made home movies with these cameras and now for the first time ever , several of these movies were compiled into this tv special . I find these home movies very fascinating . It shows what these kids were really like when they were not filming.I think the main thing about this special is that it shows how these kids established a chemistry on the show and why it worked so well . They liked being with each other even off the set . And so when one watches the Brady Bunch , it 's easy to see that they had a great chemistry and that 's what made them so believable.My favorite home movies here are those of Mike Lookinland -LRB- Bobby -RRB- this was one goofy kid when the cameras were not rolling . His home movie of the dogs and cats is very funny . It also shows why he is my favorite Brady kid-he was a real charmer!So , you want to know what these kiks were really like in real life ? Then get this DVD !
 As a fan of The Brady Bunch sitcom and their made for television reunion movies I watched This Brady Bunch Home Movies Special and I really enjoyed it and thought it was very interesting . I was n't disappointed at all and I recommend this to Brady Bunch fans . I too found this to be an interesting and amusing documentary .
 Brady Bunch Home Movies never would have been were it not for the fact that Robert Reed , who played the father on the hit series , was kind and generous enough to give out 8 mm cameras to everyone in the cast . Therefore , what we get here is roughly an hour of terrific `` home movie '' footage shot by the cast members -LRB- especially the child actors -RRB- as the series ran its course over several years ; and it 's great fun to watch this DVD . The pace of the footage flows along against the backdrop of a `` family reunion '' as most of the cast was able to get together much more recently to reminisce about the series . For example , they recall that the original title for the pilot episode was `` The Brady Brood '' instead of `` The Brady Bunch . '' The quality of the 8 mm footage is certainly not the best but it 's thoroughly entertaining and I enjoyed watching it tremendously.The footage is truly fascinating ; we even get television footage of the actors before the series even began ! There 's a great clip of Ann B. Davis -LRB- who played Alice the homemaker on the series -RRB- acting on the Bob Cummings TV show for which she got two Emmys ; and we see the majority of the child actors in TV commercials as well . There 's also a good amount of footage shot when Robert Reed took the cast -- at his own expense -- to New York and then to London on the QE2 ; Reed wanted the children to understand and appreciate the arts and acting and he certainly succeeded . Even though Reed was n't initially too keen on working with children , he became a father figure to them as they worked together.As far as extras go , there are the `` interviews with Bobby and Cindy . '' These are professionally shot interviews with Mike Lookinland and Susan Olsen as they recall the show and their experiences while doing the show . It 's a terrific extra feature.Overall , this is a must-have for fans of The Brady Bunch . Sadly , it is out of print as of the time I am writing this , but maybe that will change in time since the show is very often shown in syndication . Fans of the actors in this series will also want this for their collections .
 As I said on another site and as The `` Mother '' starts off this special their saying how This is their first reunion since the girls `` Got married . `` It 's a very good follow up on all the original tv show 's members of the original tv show 's cast and each just as famous for their real/stage names as they are for their a.k.a. Brady role names including one of Robert Reed but under his birth name saying John Robert Reitz a.k.a. Mike Brady each followed by some but not all of their pre and post Brady roles but still a very good follow up.The cast members each share all of they 're favorite memories of Bob including Chris Knight a.k.a. Peter Brady crying & saying how there were a Number of things he would 've loved to have shared with Bob but did n't get to of which many times is the case with someone who 's no longer with us.There were very good clips of their `` reunions '' too Yes as with The Brady Bunch Variety Hour , A Very Brady Christmas , along with The Bradys.Let 's look forward to & clamor for the possibility of further future Brady Bunch Reunions in TV Show continuity perspective of which they still can have further reunions but no more pregnant jokes , the last of which was used in a Very Brady Christmas.There 's also a good follow-up on their trips with the Super 8 Cameras of which Bob gave them for on at least one of their trips.Please also do check this special out on the ImBD site .
 This was a great dvd ... I wished they would have concentrated a little more on Robert Reed and the circumstances surrounding his death - they basically called it a `` sickness '' and that could mean anything - anyhow , I 'm sure they are trying to protect his squeaky clean fatherly image he portrait so well on the series , but some honesty would have been nice.It 's a pretty decently produced dvd . It 's much better than the TV movie that was done about the Brady Bunch that illustrated the kids were all brats getting into trouble on the set . Oh well , that 's Hollywood .
 This is Transformers volume 11 : The Decepticon Possession . This video contains the following episodes of the American Transformers cartoon show
 Another reviewer will have to supply the title of the first episode on this cassette , which escapes me . Suffice it to say that in the story in question , Starscream 's ghost returns and possesses Scourge in an effort to -- , oh , well , do what Starscream does best
 This tape contains one of the episodes for transformers . this is a great episode . this tape is fun to watch . if you have not seen the transformers then i recommend you do
 Yes this was corny storyline but if you 're a Marty Robbins fan I think you will enjoy it . I bought the movie because I 'm a Marty Robbins fan and I wanted to see how well he did . I thought his acting was at least satisfactory . I did n't buy it because I thought it would be Academy Award material . LOL
 I know I wrote a review for this DVD before , but be warned that you can still buy this in Non-USA format on the Amazon.Uk site for a much lower price . Its still an import , and you still need a PAL player , but the price of the DVD is definatly different.Other than that , enjoy , Johnny Depp strikes again in yet another wonderful film .
 Let me just say that I absolutely LOVED this movie . And let me also say that have left my teen years some 20 years ago . I am 33 and usually hate to have to suffer through any teen-oriented comedy like `` American Pie '' I saw recently which I found hopelessly unfunny , boring and stupid . And most of the time , I do n't even bother to try watching any other recent films dealing with young people 's awakening about sex issues.This said , I happened to catch `` Jailbait '' on cable recently and was instantly sucked into the deeply effective editing and camera work involved , along with the very satirical directing and performances . Even though the subject of statuary rape is a serious one , here it is treated in such a way that there is an awareness of the fact that this is high camp cinema and nothing depicted should be treated seriously.I was particularly impressed with the two young leads which have been brilliantly directed into delivering performances that are in total harmony with the whole tone of the movie . This is a movie making fun of the whole `` teen-movies phenomenon '' all the while being totally aware of the fact that it is itself a `` teen movie '' but destined towards a more mature audience.Many potentially offensive subjects here treated as jokes but the director was brilliant enough to let us the audience see that this is a movie who does n't take itself seriously . Everything is so farfetched -LRB- with often hilarious results -RRB- that it tells us that the filmmaker expected nothing else than entertaining its audience with outrageous but finely tuned acting parodies and well-crafted camera work.I have seen many teen movies such as `` Scary Movie '' I and II , `` American Pie '' I and II and none of them compares to the wit and cleverness `` Jailbait '' displays . A satire is probably the most difficult thing to achieve in cinema . It has to contain a balance between outrageous stunts and self awareness . Most teen movies pile up the gross factor , hoping to make audiences laugh . But here , even though no joke clich&eacute; is left unturned , it is done in a constant parody mode which I truly enjoyed.I do n't know why the reviews here were so negative regarding this little jem . Perhaps as I said before , this is probably a movie adult would enjoy more than teenagers . I for one , who is a very harsh critic concerning movies , found this one able to do what most films ca n't
 ok , I just got this movie , and I liked it in the first place so it was nice to see it again in a lil better quality , my whole problem with this DVD is the lack of extras , or better yet the lack of having the semi-documentary of the actual Guy the movie was derived from , every time I saw this on MTV right afterwards they would tell the true story ... what happened to that ? other than that great flick , can see why people think its not so good , but those people are the ones that just wont get it in the first place .
 This is a movie worth buying . It was not what I expected but it was also fairly amusing I would give it 31/2 stars . The movie discussed an important topic which is more often than not ignored in today 's world . I have seen girls try to get back at ex-boyfriends by calling rape and later admitting to the lie . I thought it had a decent script but that the director tried to many silly shots to force the humor down your throat.I own this movie and do not regret spending $ 12 on it , when other dvd 's are going for $ 30
 JUST GOT THIS MOVIE TODAY IN THE MAIL!I THOUGHT IT WAS THE DUMB DUMB MOVIE ! BUT MY HUSBAND REALLY LIKE IT ! HE GAVE IT A PLUS
 Great teen movie and great comedy ... I 'm always having a blast when I 'm watching . I have been looking for years for this movie ... I first seen it on MTV and I was hooked !!!!!
 I very much enjoyed this movie when it was on MTV . It gave a good and humorous look at a very important and none humorous subject of statutory rape which is not something one can generally laugh at . I felt that it the movie did a good job of not necessarily showing the cold hard truth of it , but more of what could happen , and what does happen in the movie is n't always good . This movie also could be effective as a teaching tool in school for students to help give them a better understanding of sex and relationships .
 Let me just say that I absolutely LOVED this movie . And let me also say that have left my teen years some 20 years ago . I am 33 and usually hate to have to suffer through any teen-oriented comedy like `` American Pie '' I saw recently which I found hopelessly unfunny , boring and stupid . And most of the time , I do n't even bother to try watching any other recent films dealing with young people 's awakening about sex issues.This said , I happened to catch `` Jailbait '' on cable recently and was instantly sucked into the deeply effective editing and camera work involved , along with the very satirical directing and performances . Even though the subject of statuary rape is a serious one , here it is treated in such a way that there is an awareness of the fact that this is high camp cinema and nothing depicted should be treated seriously.I was particularly impressed with the two young leads which have been brilliantly directed into delivering performances that are in total harmony with the whole tone of the movie . This is a movie making fun of the whole `` teen-movies phenomenon '' all the while being totally aware of the fact that it is itself a `` teen movie '' but destined towards a more mature audience.Many potentially offensive objects subjects here treated as jokes but the director was brilliant enough to let us the audience see that this is a movie who does n't take itself seriously . Everything is so farfetched -LRB- with often hilarious results -RRB- that it tells us that the filmmaker expected nothing else than entertaining its audience with outrageous but finely tuned acting parodies and well-crafted camera work.I have seen many teen movies such as `` Scary Movie '' I and II , `` American Pie '' I and II and none of them compares to the wit and cleverness `` Jailbait '' displays . A satire is probably the most difficult thing to achieve in cinema . It has to contain a balance between outrageous stunts and self awareness . Most teen movies pile up the gross factor , hoping to make audiences laugh . But here , even though no joke clich&eacute; is left unturned , it is done in a constant parody mode which I truly enjoyed.I do n't know why the reviews here were so negative regarding this little jem . Perhaps as I said before , this is probably a movie adult would enjoy more than teenagers . I for one , who is a very harsh critic concerning movies , found this one able to do what most films ca n't
 A wonderful series . Uncle Silas is a funny rascal . I wish he were my uncle . : - -RRB-
 this is a good dvd . it has a good concert , music videos , and cool extra interviews . pick this dvd up man .
 I recommend this Transformers video ! Its one the best of the Kid Rhino home video series ! Transformers Volume 12
 In one episode on this videocassette , a pair of hapless archaeologists unearth the cruiser that brought the Decepticons to Earth . Megatron attacks the dig site and removes a device called the Heart of Cybertron from the cruiser 's drive system and has it installed in himself , thereby giving himself nigh-infinite power . The Autobots are forced to come up with a way to get the Heart of Cybertron our of their arch-nemesis before he blows them all to Kingdom Come . The title of the volume should tell you the rest . In the other episode , a handful of Autobots and Decepticons are accidentally transported to an alien world where they meet an alien kid ... a very LARGE alien kid . If , as a child , you ever wished that your toys were alive , this is the story for you .
 This is a really good video for folks just starting out on the drums . After going through the video just a few times , you should be able to drum along to most popular songs . Good video for young drummers just starting out . I only gave it 4 stars because it could have been a little longer going into some more detail or intermediate skills .
 This is a great 6-part mini series . It made a powerful impact on me when I first watched it on TV in the 80-s . It 's very refreshing to see a father who decides that his great investment in life is his son . Sorrell Sr. had a normal family when he went to war -LRB- WW1 -RRB- yet upon his return , problems started to appear , some due to him being wounded . His wife left him and their son , and the father had to take any job so he can care for the well-being of his son . The movie begins with Sorrell finding out that a person who was supposed to offer him a job just died . It continues with his struggles and sometimes inhumane treatment by others that would make any viewer more thankful for what they have and what they do n't have to go through . The son grows up and becomes a successful doctor.The DVD quality is not exactly the greatest - it looks more like a VHS . Full screen - since this is a made-for-TV series .
 Koch Vision and BBC presents `` SORRELL AND SON '' -LRB- 13 December 1987 -RRB- -LRB- 314 mins/Color -RRB- -LRB- Dolby Digital -RRB- -- Splendidly acted ... a refreshing reminder of kindness , compassion and self sacrifice ... A a decorated war hero Stephen Sorell -LRB- Richard Pasco -RRB- , raises his son Kit -LRB- Peter Chelsom -RRB- alone after Kit 's mother -LRB- Gwen Ratford -RRB- deserts husband and child in the boy 's infancy -LRB- Paul Critchley as Young Kit Sorrell -RRB- -- Sorrell loses a promising job offer and is forced to take work as a menial porter position -- Both his dignity and his health are damaged as he suffers under the exhausting labor and harsh treatment he receives from head porter Buck -LRB- Edward Peel -RRB- as a hotel porter -- But Sorrell thrives and gets his second wind in the knowledge that his son will benefit from his labors -- Elder Sorrell has allowed the boy to believe his mother dead , but when the mother shows up , wanting to re-enter the young man 's life , Sorrell must make hard decisionsUnder the production staff of : Derek Bennett - Director & ProducerWarwick Deeping - Story & NovelJeremy Paul - AdaptationDavid Cunliffe - Executive ProducerPatrick Gowers - MusicMust point out this is a wonderful story of an ideal father and his son together versus the world -- The mother leaves when the son is about 12 years old -- Father and son make some promises to each other about how they are to cope with life henceforth
 I loved this movie and am considering buying it . The story line is very much true to life . A father returns from the war to find his wife is leaving him and their son . When men came back from the war in 1918 the story line depicts just how hard it was to get work and make a marriage work . Everyone who came back was differant from when they went away but Sorrell is willing to do anything to give his son the best education , the best life and the best relationship he can.We see Steven Sorrell work in any job he is lucky enough to find to earn the money to give his son a start . Of course a little poetic license is used but it in no way affects the telling of the tale . The hotel he finds himself in becomes his home and the staff his family . The owner goes of and leaves Sorrell in charge but he is also a very compassionate man that helps Sorrell find the right path for him and his son . The wife pops up here and there but she is never made to feel comfortable and quickly fades into the background.One review said too many bedroom scenes but they are so well done and over with that I really did not think it affected the story as a whole . Kit , the son , is given every start his father can come by and ends up as a wonderful , compassionate surgeon who marries a beautiful girl who in turn has made her money via writing and owning a dress shop . A very diverse person but with an interesting deep ability to see into people.Well written and acted and a good look into the early 20 centuary way of life . Sure not to disappoint .
 The story is one of the most moving portraits of a father 's absolute love for his son that I have ever seen . With all odds against them unemployment , poverty , and the mother 's desertion , they pull through together toward a brighter future .
 THIS TALE IS ABSOLUTELY MARVELOUS . THE ADAPTION OF BOOK TO SCREEN IS FANTASTIC . GREAT ACTING AND THE STORYLINE MERIT THE 5 STARS
 of a decorated WW1 army officer returning to civilian life , finding himself a single parent to a son . This exceptional man makes every sacrifice to give his son a better life , and most of all a proper education . This is a very accurate and moving interpretation of Warwick Deeping 's novel , brilliantly cast and acted .
 This one needs a reissue . Recorded by the BBC in 1978 for television , this video is well done . After video of stage setup to Rosalie , Thin Lizzy explodes onstage . The performance is outstanding , and the band gives 100 % throughout this entire video . Robbo gives one his best performances on Still In Love With You , Brian D. has an outsanding drum solo -LRB- no boaring performance here -RRB- , and at the end Robbo and Phil go through a unique guitar/bass exchange after Robbo 's solo and Scott takes over with a lightning solo of his own -LRB- A band with 2 great guitar players that can share a stage -RRB- . Bring this one back , and let the fans know this time !! Rosalie -LRB- pre concert stage set up -RRB- , The Boys are Back in Town , Emerald , Dancing in the Moonlight , Massacre , Still in Love With You , Do n't Believe a Word , Are You Ready ? , Sha-la-la , Baby Drives Me Crazy , Me and the Boys . 54 minutes .
 Since there is not an image of the video shown , I can not be sure that my video is the same , but it probably is . My video has the same title without an exclamation point!There are 13 songs on this video , with of course , the two songs that were staples of FM radio in the 70s . What is unusual is that one is a female estrogen-oozing ballad
 This is one of my favorite movies . I saw the Japanese subtitled version known as 2050 . I saw Solar Crisis years later . There are significant differences between the two . 2050 is more artistic . I well up with tears when watching some scenes . I am particularly touched when Corin Nemec is found by Charlton Heston at the seaside . The music and waves are quite touching as they try to reach Corin 's father on the daring mission to the sun.The print of the 2050 is much darker visually than Solar Crisis . But the overall impression of 2050 has more cinematic impact . The music is used to greater effect . The heroine is Alex Knopf , a biogene logician . Her inner turmoil as a biologically enhanced organism is aggravated by being programmed to end the mission to the sun.A key scene in the movie is when they must stop a premature countdown of a bomb . It has all the hallmarks of any failsafe situation where humans find themselves at the mercy of their technology . All is almost lost until the computer is supplied with proper voice authorization to halt the detonation.Another is when a crewmember volunteers to fix a mission critical system that will surely result in his death to save the mission . I found this scene to be riveting . This was a character that I cared about . He is Joe Anyman . But the selflessness of his nobility saves the day for the rest of us.The special effects are top notch . The orbital platform Skytown . The mission to the sun is staged with key shots of loading Freddie The antimatter bomb onto the main space vehicle . Paul Williams is the voice of Freddie and provides an example of a virtual agent interface to a bomb that will trigger a solar flare . The OS of the bomb relates its functioning to how a person would feel . For example annihilation events are felt by Freddie . He feels ill until magnetic suspension fields are corrected to optimize containment of the antimatter.All in all I like the execution of the movie . I found it very believable . With touches of a technologically jaundiced eye at the fallibility of computer software and hardware . And imagery that makes one appreciate the fragility of our blue jewel in the cosmos . A heartwarmer.In Solar Crisis there is a extended scene that is n't in 2050 that explains how Corin survives on the seacost until he is located by his grandfather -LRB- Heston -RRB- . Otherwise Solar Crisis is an alternate splicing of scenes in 2050 . SC is more relationship oriented . While 2050 is more technological intrigue . In 2050 more is left unsaid and left to the viewer to construct . The director credits himself in 2050 as Richard C. Sarafian . While he disowns the cut of Solar Crisis with the Alan Smithee pseudonym .
 Yes ladies and gentlemen , there is someone who liked it.ME!I didnt notice any similarities between the ending and 2001 . Well okay , some similarities with the FTL sequense but thats it.And Freddy is a bit like HAL9000 but more human.The sub-plot on earth is pretty useless except for the ending.But i liked Jack Palances character.And theres good acting in this movie also , even Charlton Heston is better than they say .
 The reason I loved this video is the dry humor . The creators might not have meant this to be a feature , but scenes like the robotic transport vehicles , void of human compassion , telling Palance and Nemic to clear the highway made me laugh hysterically . It was a mediocre in terms of plot and pretty good in terms of special effects , but what I perceived as humor , intentional or not , is what made me buy the video.If you cracked up at how in The Greatest American Hero , the instruction book fit into the suit 's container very much like an eight-track tape , you might also find yourself laughing at scenes in this movie .
 After I read some of the reviews here about this movie -LRB- VHS tape -RRB- , I decided to say that 21st-century viewers often forget something ! Check out the year it was produced and compare it to what was made back then . In my opinion , Solar Crisis surpasses the `` mellow SF '' flicks of its time , especially some cheapish TV shows made for the Sci-Fi Channel . It has an excellent story , there 's no fake acting -LRB- or one that makes you think the cast does n't like the script and merely lingers there for the pay -RRB- , and the special effects are quite believable . The spacecraft models are very good , even majestic , like in Star Wars . I value this movie because it played a great role in its time , educating the next generation of top-class sci-fi writers and producers . As far as the script goes , it is extremely well developed , based on the novel by Takeshi Kawata , and not at all boring ! Well , yeah , this is n't one of those major Hollywood sci-fi productions , as one might put it , but if we always compare everything to Star Wars and Star Trek , nothing else will ever get any chance to be written or produced , or rated objectively , for that matter . Give this flick a try and you 'll see what I mean . To me , as a sci-fi writer , it is quite entertaining and educational . Besides , when was the last time you 've seen Charlton Heston play a sci-fi character ? Was that inSoylent GreenorPlanet of the Apes ? I assure you , Solar Crisis is much , much better than that !
 I can see where some people say the FTL ending and Freddie The Bomb were influenced by 2001
 Solar Crisis turned out to be a surprise . At first , the film starts out as a typical science fiction movie ; you know , pretentious . Then , slowly as the plot finally emerges out from its `` suspense '' -- behold ! -- a story that can be considered truly `` science fiction . '' Without giving its ending away , Solar Crisis spiral its story and its characters into the heart of the sun . The movie does one thing that most science fiction film of late have failed to accomplish or forgotten its original premise
 I am so glad that the series of Transformers episdoes is continuing to be released thru Rhino Entertainment . Here is a brief summary of the episodes contained in this 3-pack . Volume 10 -LRB- Episodes 1 & 2 -RRB- Megatron 's Master Plan - Megatron tricks the people of Earth that the Autobots are evil and banishes them from the planet forever ! Once gone , Megatron takes control of the planet to suck it dry of energy . Can the Autobots return in time to save the planet and defy the odds?Volume 11 -LRB- Episode 1 -RRB- A Ghost In The Machine - Starscream 's ghost returns and this time he takes over Scourge 's body . He seeks the help of Unicron to restore him back to life . But Starscream must first complete several tasks and help Unicron to use Cybertron as a new body!Volume 11 -LRB- Episdoe 2 -RRB- The Burden Hardest To Bear - This is one of my personal favorites ! Rodimus Prime loses the Matrix and becomes Hot Rod once again . Scourge gains control of the Matrix and becomes more powerful than ever . Hot Rod loses faith in himself and does n't want to be Rodimus again . So he goes off to find himself and determine his true destiny . The Autobots must regain control of the Matrix before Scourge destroys everything in its path.Volume 12 -LRB- Episode 1 -RRB- Child 's Play - A handful of Autobots and Decepticons are sent accidentally through the space bridge to a dimension where everything is big ! To the aliens on this world , the Transformers and the size of a paper clip . The Autobots befriend an alien boy who agrees to aid them in returning to Earth . However , the Decpeticons hope to seize the chance to return to Earth first and strand Optimus Prime and the Autobots permanently on the alien world.Volume 11 -LRB- Episode 2 -RRB- Microbots - Another personal favorite ! Megatron seizes control of a powerful crystal that makes him invincible . The only way to stop him is for 3 Autobots to be shrunk into microscopic size and enter Megatron 's body to disconnect the crystal . Can Perceptor , Brawn , and Bumblebee disconnect the crystal in time before Megatron destroys the Autobots?That 's my review and I 'm sticking to it ! See you all later ! Til All Are One !
 This is a coolest set of episodes of the original American Transformers cartoon show ! It has some great episodes from the series ! Volume 10 has Megatron 's Master plan parts 1 and 2 ! It has one the best written stories of the series . Megatron has deviced a way to convice the humans the Autobots are evil and they are the real robots stealing Earth 's energy . Optimus Prime and the Autobots must convice the humans they are innocent of all criminal charges made by the Decepticons and Shawn Burger . Can they prove there inocent or will they be banished and exiled from Earth forever ?! Volume 11 has Ghost In the Machine and A burden Hardest to Bear ! In Ghost in the Machine StarScream returns to cause havoc on Galvatron and he has Sourge and Unicron to help him ! A Burden Hardest to Bear is A great Hot Rod/Rodimus Prime episode ! Rodimus Prime loses his confidence and is buren with his command responsibilites as leader But Ironically he loses the Matrix and turns back into Hot Rod again . Scourge posses the Matrix and becomes possesed . Can Hot Rod take back the Matrix and realize it is his responsiblity to lead the Autobots ?! Volume 12 has child 's play and the Microbots . the Transformers turn into small beings . Get this 3-pack video set ! It is a must have for all children of the 1980 's Generation ! Buy it !
 For those who like Beast Wars/Machines -LRB- there must be some of you weirdo 's out there -RRB- , those who enjoyed the Transformers in the 80 's , those who would like some good non-anime cartoon action , or for those who simply want something good to watch , these Transformer volumes are what you 're looking for . Like the first nine installments , these episodes get you aquainted with the greats of TF lore , and provide enough familiarity to make watching TF
 Transformers is a great show . these tapes contain episodes from the show and good ones too . if you have not seen the show i recommend you do
 This is the transformers I used to run home after school to see when I was a little boy . Now that I am a grown man I still run home to watch the transformers . Only for people who love real cartoons .
 Believe it or not , The Transformers is an exercise in rebellious filmmaking . Take a cartoon children 's show about robots from another planet that can change into vehicles -LRB- yeah we all liked it , even though we were a little older -RRB- beef up the animation , get some high talent voices , give it a Heavy Metal soundtrack , actually kill some of the characters -LRB- yes , I said kill -RRB- and what have you got ? Well it beats me but it works . This movie was a marketing ploy -LRB- as well as a big toy commercial -RRB- to change the guard of the Transformers characters . When I said earlier that they killed some of the characters , I mean some of the main characters . And not just power down type of deaths , these were deaths caused by war . This movie is violent in places , but not bloody . The implications of the Decepticons as they kill their do good Autobot enemies is down right classic . They kill without thought , and the Autobots defend and die without concern for themselves . They truly are heroes as much as the Decepticons are villains . The movie is simply about a large planet eating moon , voiced by Orson Wells -LRB- yes , THAT Orsen Wells -RRB- . It is traversing the galaxy chomping everything that is getting in its way . Of course its heading straight for Cybertron , the Transformers home planet . In the middle of the Autobot/Decepticon War no less . The first battle that takes place on Earth is furious , having only to do with the war . When the Autobots learn of the Planet eater , they start for home immediately . They run into trouble along the way , keeping the action quota way up . The lead role , Hot Rod , voiced by Judd Nelson , is slick and skilled , but young and immature . Its obvious what 's going to happen to him later -LRB- no he does n't die -RRB- . The lead Decepticon is voiced by Lenord Nimoy , joyfully overplaying the voice role of a bad guy , and he does it so well . In any case , there is plenty of action until the final showdown where the planet eater shows there 's more to him then meets the eye -LRB- sorry , no pun intended -RRB- . The movie starts to slip toward the last quarter , the animation declines a bit , as if they may have been running out of money . But overall , this movie is entertaining and a blast to watch . The DVD has almost no extra features but it 's still worth the cost for upgraded sound and clearer picture quality then you would find on VHS .
 In the future , Optimus Prime -LRB- Voiced by Peter Cullen -RRB- and his autobot clan fight against the Decepticons on Earth to fight for Cybertron . However there is a monstrous cybernetic planet called Unicron -LRB- Voiced by Orosn Welles -RRB- destroys everything in it 's path as it wants to destroy both Cybertron and Earth for only one thing can truly stop this terrible fiend and that 's the autobot Matrix of Leadership can from the darkest hour both robotic races could see.Exciting , action packed and grand Sci-fi animated adventure from Sunbow and Marvel productions is a great cult animated favorite . The film was gained terrible reviews yet beloved by fans of the classic TV toon and did bad business at the box-office however it has gained a huge cult following to this day . The film co-stars the voices of Frank Welker as Megatron , Leonard Nimoy as Galavatron , Judd Nelson as HotRod/Rodimus Prime , Scatman Crothers as Jazz , Lionel Stander as Kup , Robert Stack as Ultra-Magnus , Eric Idle as Wreck-Gar and Casey Kasem as Cliffjumper . It 's very well animated for a theatrical animated feature from the 80 's and has a cool music score by Vince DiCola with an awesome 80 's rock soundtrack by Weird Al Yankovic , Lion and more . I love how this movie uses old and new characters for the TF Universe including one of the coolest bad guys to hit 80 's animated movies also gives fans of the death of Optimus Prime which upsetted alot of young fans at the time but luckily he returned in the G2 Seasons of the show.This 2-disc DVD special edition has brilliant picture and sound with fantastic extras like both the widescreen and fullscreen versions with audobot Matrix of Knowlege Trivia and fun-facts , Featurettes , DVD-Rom trivia game , Promotional Trailer with Commentary , Deleted and Alternate footage with commentary , animated storyboards , Credit and Cinex test , Photo gallery , Scramble City Episode with commentary , Remastering side-by-side comparision , Audio Commentary , Trailer with TV Spots , easter egg , Japanese and U.S. Toy Commercials , DVD-Rom Link , and sneak peek and trailer to the excellent 2007 live-action version .
 Now this is a great movie . Somehow they got Leonard Nimoy and Orson Wells to voice the main villians , which really gives this film credibility.They brought back all the old cast , with their excellent voice-overs . The plot is believable and well-written . The battles were excellent , with a lot of flashy action . The video quality is good -LRB- way better than my VHS copy -RRB- , but is presented in full-frame , which is a dissapointment . This movie deserved to be in widescreen , it would have added so much . The sound I found was rather weak , which is a shame because some of the heavy-rock and pop that plays during the movie really fitted with the onscreen action . Bottom line , if you 're a Transformers fanatic , pick this DVD up as soon as you can .
 I have an original VHS copy of this movie and bought this simply to have it , and I was amazed at how well it looked ! I , a long-time fan of the cartoon was completely happy with the DVD . I could n't have asked for anyhthing better !
 If you were into Transformers at all , how can you not have this movie ? I remember when I saw it in the theatres ... I cried . :-RRB- It 's filled with all the cool characters from the TV cartoon and plenty of action . Actually a good storyline . 2 thumbs up !!! Way UP !
 One of the best cartoon movies to be made in my time.Transfomers The Movie if you did n't see it as a kid you have a chance to make up for it and do yourself a favor and buy this movie the price is great .
 Finally they have fixed the Transformers m , ovie and re-released it in the original opening night format . For those of you who were not at the opening , this movie caused a panick at the theatre beacause of the violence and profanity . By saturday night a new edited version of this movie came out to satisfy parents . Now almost 20 years later you can once again see it in its original complete form.Hopefully this DVD will usher in a new generation of Transformer DVDs from the original series to the new series in japan . All of these DVD 's are excellent and have been restored so that even the most fussy of viewer will enjoy . ...
 When I saw that this movie was available on Amazon.com , I do n't think I waited but a few hours to mull it over before I ordered it . This is a terrific movie that really sends you back to the 80 's and your youth . What makes it even better is that the DVD version really brings out the sound and picture quality of the movie.Along with `` G.I. Joe - The Movie '' , this movie best exemplifies my childhood . I played with the toys all day and watched the cartoons religiously . I even remembered some of the lines from when I first saw this movie.Basically , the plot is the same as the show ... Decepticons versus Autobots . However , in this go around , the violence is intensified and robots actually die . Quite a contrast from the show . After reclaiming the home world of Cybertron , the Decepticons want to wipe out the Autobots for good . After a destructive battle at Autobot City on Earth , the Autobots are chased across the galaxy until they make a final stand against new enemy Unicron in Cybertron 's orbit . In the process , many of the original Autobots are lost including Ironhide and Optimus Prime . Even after all these years , I still got misty when Optimus died defending his friends.One thing I did n't understand , if they could fix Kup and Ultra Magnus when they were hurt , why could n't they fix Prime and the others?Oh well , a minor detail in an otherwise spectaular film . Even though it was made 15 years ago , the music and graphics are good and the pace of the movie does a good job of telling the story . If you have n't made your decision yet , buy this film . If not for you and then for your kids who did n't have the privilege of growing up with these mechanized heroes .
 I LOVE THE TRANSFORMERS !!!! I watched this movie in theatres when it came out , and I loved it ! I went to Blockbuster today , and saw it , so I rented it . I watched it today , and I love it even more than before !!! I will definately buy it !!! You should , to !
 Finally , The Transformers the Movie is finally on DVD and its transfer seems to have gone very smoothly . The animation is crisper than ever and the classic , catchy songs are still there with a very sharp sound . Any fan of the Transformers series and owners of the VHS version of the movie should pick up the DVD .
 Finally this great movie goes on DVD , i remember when i was a kid i enjoyed this film , now 12 years later , i still do ... if you like transformers , this is your movie !
 One of the best TF episodes ever . It changes the guard from seasons 1 & 2 characters to the season three charaters . Exiting are some of the older TF 's like Ironhide , Racket , prowl , and Starscream etc , etc. . . And brings in new characters , like Unicron , Galvatron , and Hot Rod etc. , etc. . . , starting season 3 . With lots of action in between . Some extras include the scrolling text at the beginning and a hint at Optimus Primes return at the end . A must have for TF fans young and old .
 One of the best TF episodes ever . Changeing the guard from season 1 & 2 characters to season 3 characters . Exiting are some of the older TF 's , like Ironhide , Prowl , Starscream , and etc. , etc. . . and comeing in are Unicron , Galvatron , Hot Rod , and etc. , etc. . . , starting season 3 . With lot of action in between . Some extras include scrolling text at the beginning and a hint at Optimus Primes return at the end . A must have for TF fans young and old .
 This movie adaption of one the most well known cartoons is a must have for the collector of nostalgic era of cartoons . The dvd not only does justice to the movie but it brings forth the life that the movie theaters gave it . It gives it a crisp video and audio feel that will suck you in as you Reminisce of your childhood years . It is great collection for both old and young audience . This dvd is probably one of the most anticipated cartoons to be converted to the digital technology .
 This is one of the all time best action packed movies I 've everseen . It 's non-stop action from the time the opening credits start till the end credits finish . The sound track is awesome and its full of deep story line and love , laughter , heartbreak , and heroism . This is a must see ... END
 That 's right , while other toy franchises have come and gone -LRB- and the sooner Pokemon goes the better IMHO -RRB- Transformers has kept its loyal band of followers through the years . What differentiates it from the usual cash-in movie , is the amount of effort which has gone in to make this simply a good movie . The writers and producers ovbiously had a love for the subject , as the quality of the script is superb . It ranges all the emotions ... Featuring the deaths of major characters and the erosion of hope in the good guys , the storyline is quite mature for basically a kiddy movie . The continuity is sometimes lax -LRB- where does Blaster go to after the battle of Autobot city ? -RRB- and the animation quality is varied , but the voice acting is superb -LRB- Leonard Nimoy and Orson Welles both feature -RRB- , which along with the script , fleshes out the characters and gives a good heart to the film . The essential good versus bad cartoon . Buy this -LRB- and Iron Giant ;-RRB- ... and you wo n't be disappointed .
 What can I say . Quite possibly the most underated movie of all time . How many people have laughed when I told them this is one of my favorite movies . Untill they watch it ! Its like one long rock music video . Throw away all they slow parts from a movie , actually include the kicking 80 's soundtrack IN the film -LRB- not just on the end credits -RRB- , and your left with this . Non stop action , laughter , sadness . Open your mind , do n't read to much into it and just ENJOY !
 Finally out ! The DVD all Transformers fans have been looking forward to . And if it 's as good as the Gi-Joe DVD that also recently came out , then it 's going to be another winner.The movie starts off with the introduction of most of the old characters seen on 1st Generation 80s shows . They all get together for one massive battle . At the end of this battle , Optimus Prime and Megatron face off . Prime is fatally wounded while Megatron is taken away by his fellow peers only to be left drifting in space . Prime dies and gives the matrix of leadership to Ultra Magnus . The story continues and we see Unicron -LRB- a giant planet that devours anything in its path -RRB- , destined to destroy the Matrix.The movie has an excellent array of characters , including Leonard Nimoy , Judd Nelson , Eric Idle etc. . A definate must for all Transformers fans .
 This is the best movie for people of my age and anywhere around . I loved this movie as a child and I am eager to purchase this DVD title . I own it on VHS , but the DVD will oulast that version . I recommend this movie to anyone who has seen or who knows about the series and the movie . 5 stars for this movie
 Finally !!!!!!!!!! I have been waiting for eons unimagined for this DVD !! Truely a cinimatic masterpiece ! Being a kid in the 80 's you knew GI JOE and Transformers . Of course the movie was nothing more than a way to sell new toys , but we ate it up all the same . Now all we need is for `` The Powers That Be '' to notice the market for all 80 's cartoons !
 Great Cast Of Dubbing , Great 80 's soundtrack . And to tell you the truth , I did n't like transformers all that much , but than I started watching this in my nearest comic book store , not knowing what movie it was . Than I thought it was just plain awesome , than when the credits came-up , I saw that it was transformers and I was totally suprised . So I believe this movie would be good for anyone who liked transformers -LRB- you should buy it if you do n't already own it -RRB- or if you just are renting a movie , rent this and if you liked it as much as I did . Buy it later on . Bottom line , get a copy of it before it 's out of print again !
 Transformers the movie is my favorite movie of all time . I 'm 17 years old , and I 've liked Transformers all of my life . I had a copy of the movie and I watched it so much that I wore it out so that the tape broke . I have always loved the movie and the music . It is a great movie in all aspects !
 For any person who has an imagination , loves great animation , true art , and a great plot , then Transformers
 this movie is action packed from the outset.Leaving no room for the imagination : if you can get the Canadian versions with the profanity in it.This movie maybe animated but its no cartoon ive waited years to see this movie now that i have it i can explain to my sons this is where the beast wars started .2 big thumbs up
 this movie is action packed from the outset.Leaving no room for the imagination : if you can get the Canadian versions with the profanity in it.This movie maybe animated but its no cartoon ive waited years to see this movie now that i have it i can explain to my sons this is where the beast wars started .2 big thumbs up
 Ahh ... Transformers . A classic series if I ever saw one . I saw it during it 's `` second coming '' in the early 90 's and around ' 93 , right next to the Speed Racer tapes in Blockbuster was Transformers the movie . It amazed me -LRB- and made me cry -RRB- with it 's beutiful animation . When I look back on it with my new -LRB- PG rated -RRB- copy , I think `` What is this ? Mononoke Hime ? '' It 's an excellent film -LRB- though not as good as Mononoke -RRB- , but be warned , many of the ` bots get killed in violent ways . Still , see it !
 Ok , first of all Transformers was definitely one of the good ole ' USofA 's great cartoons of the 1980 's ! Forget the stick figure farting cartoons of today 's genre . How much have our children grown up without experiencing classic toons like this ? It 's been almost 10 years since I 've seen good animation and this is definitely hitting the spot!Come on , who can forget Optimus Prime whooping the living * -LRB- & # outta Megatron ? We all got up a 7 a.m. weekday mornings just to see the television premeire of this movie I 'm sure when we were kids ! On top of that , what other cartoons have spanned a legion of followers like Transformers has , eh ? The figures were the best part and collecting them all became an obsession for many of us thanks to the brillance of the big screen premiere of this film.Matter of fact , I was amazed at the talented voices that made appearances for such characters as Ultra Magnus -LRB- Robert Stack -RRB- . Whoda thunk it ? Talk about an Unsolved Mystery . And then there 's Leonard Nimoy as the voice of Galvatron . If I 'm not mistaken , you can almost see some of Nimoy 's own facial expressions drawn into his character!You 're kids will thank you for it and you 'll thank yourself too after you get this film . And for those adults who want a piece of nostalgia , the wait is well worth it . I 've been searching for this long lost film for over 10 years . Yes 10 years ! And believe me , even at age 19 I cried when Optimus ... well , you 'll have to buy the movie and find out , wo n'tcha ?
 This film 's a classic for anyone who ever bought either the decent metal Transformers or the more disappointing plastic ones . The animation , although poor by Manga standards whips the old TV series and the soundtrack is great fun . Clashes heavily with the UK Transformers comic , but its still great to watch , particularly for the voices of Leonard Nimoy and Orson Welles . Buy it , get wasted , love it . This is a nostalgia piece for twenty-somethings - most kids now hate it !
 Transformers
 Transformers the Movie . The best cartoon ever and the best movie ever . But I 've got a problem - I live in England and ca n't get a PAL copy anywhere ! If anyone knows where I can get one , or even where I can get a DVD from , please drop me an email !
 `` Transformers
 I had to buy the DVD after i basically killed the other 2 VHS tapes of it that i watched so many times . I remember seeing the movie when i was about 5 and then after that i had to it have . It wasnt even out yet at stores , so my mom bought the one from the video store . . aww so sweet , anyways I can remember this is the only movie other than braveheart that i cryed . I cryed during the part when Prime dies and i was probably only 6 . But i was a big fan of the show and to see Prime go was like killing off santa . After i saw this movie , i could never look at the show the same way again , because the movie so much more than the show was , i know everyline of the dialogue , im 20 and yet still watching this movie like it was the first time , truly a classic . No other cartoon show out of the 80s could top this .
 One of my all time favorites . I loved the series when I was a kid and was first in line for the movie . About five years ago I searched long and hard to get a copy on VHS and finally found one . Now here it is on DVD right at my fingertips -LRB- of course I have to get it -RRB- . As far as the movie goes it was awesome beginning to end and now at 26 I still feel that way . Many people say that the animation is inferior by today 's standards , but I say that this cartoon as well as many of the 80 's cartoons are superior to the animation I see on cartoon network . What I see now are drawings , cartoon etc. . However what I see in The Transformers Movie were solid characters that I still have to remind myself were cartoons . The animation -LRB- movements -RRB- my be a bit off key but the drawing on a whole look far more detailed right down to the shine on the metel as they moved . The voices were great especially Leonard Nimoy and Orson Welles . The only downsides to this movie were the killing off of so many cool characters such as Optimus Prime , Wheeljack and Ironhide , and the butchering of the series that followed the movie . Far too much emphasis on the matrix and Rodimus ' insecurity as a leader . The writers knew it too because they had to bring Optimus back.I would definatly suggest getting this movie and watching over and over again . When I show it to my kids they are amazed as to how much cooler my cartoons were to theirs , something I never said to my parents .
 The Movie Is so Transformie , And real Matrixie too!For Generation 1 Transformers ! My Favorite Part is when Hot Rod Opens The Matrix !!
 This is what the mid-80 's were about ! TF The Movie directly after the very best 2nd season of the series , followed by a different-style 3rd season.Some fan related extras and the uncut content movie on this DVD make it valuable !
 Even non-fans will be entertained ! Great animation quality , full screen format . The DVD-version is a must-have for fans . The interview with Vince DiCola is valuable for hardcore-fans , but a bit boring for the rest I suppose .
 I thought this movie was the best animated movie based on a tv series they introduced new charactors and and sadly got rid of the old favorites Unicron is the badest villain ever with a great musical score by Vince Decola and alot of 80 's metal this movie is non stop action from start to finish every transformers fan should own this . I only wish the dvd had more special features .
 First of all , let me point out that the movie does in fact tie into the whole transformers story . It is the link between G1 and G2 , and introduces Galvatron , Cyclonus , and his minions . You will see the deaths of many pivotal characters , such as Optimus Prime , Starscream , and others.It is obviously somewhat of a children 's movie , however , that does n't mean adults ca n't enjoy it too ! I 'm only 14 , but I do remember the airings of the old G1/G2 transformers , and how cool they were . I also had a good portion of the toys , which however I mostly lost : -LRB- This is definitely a must-have movie for any transformers fan or anyone wanting to remember what they used to watch . Some of the dialogue is a bit childish , but most of it is quite cool , and there is that wholesome goodness of 80s cartoons : -RRB-
 If you grew up watching the series Transformers ... the movie is a must see . This is probably the best movie to a cartoon series every created . The only problem i had with it was during the television episodes nobody ever got killed and on the movie ...
 PICTURE QUALITY -LRB- 4/5 STARS -RRB- Image is great , no complaints ! The only backdraft is the missing widescreen format . Is n't it supposed to be a motion picture?SOUND QUALITY -LRB- 5/5 STARS -RRB- Simply perfect ! Remixed in Dolby Digital 5.1 but still as it was!EXTRAS -LRB- 2/5 STARS -RRB- At least there are extras on this disc . Just for die-hard fans of interest.SPECIAL / UNIQUE ON THIS DVD RELEASE : - Dolby Digital 5.1 remix - American version with swearwordCOMMENT : A am a huge fan of Transformers . My life would n't be the same without The Transformers ... WHY DID THEY CANCEL THE SERIES !!!
 This is a Christmas gift for our grandson . We were pleased with the shipping time and assume it will be a good buy as all our other Amazon buys have been .
 A theatrical version of the cartoon which changed everything . The death of Optimus Pre really sent the cartoon downward for the reminder that it was on . Still a great cartoon movie .
 Transformers
 i ordered it , never received it , long story either mail problems or seller negligence but i gave it five stars because its the best movie in the whole world .
 2 years ago I was walking around Wal-Mart looking at DVDs . I see a copy for 15 bucks and had to get it . This is a great movie . The only part that makes me shudder is the Death of Optimus Prime . But he does come back in season 3 . My favorite part is when Galvatron and Hot Rod fight . But the most powerful moment is when Rodimus Prime opens the Matrix . I always watch disc 2 beacause of Full-Screen and it shows old G1 toy commercials . It shows the Constructicons , Insecticons , Powermaster Optimus Prime , Blaster , and Soundwave . It also shows Japanese Scramble City commercials for Galvatron , Ultra Magnus , and Rodimus Prime . The Ultra Magnus is n't the Diaclone . The Diaclone was orange , blue , and purple -LRB- or black -RRB- . So I love this movie and you will too .
 This movie is a must have for anybody that is interested in the world of Transformers . This movie has a great story and has a side bonus of the good music from the 1980 's . The character Unicron is also introduced in this movie who is an important character to know from the world of transformers , and he 's just plain awesome . I highly recommend getting this movie .
 I love the show and use to watch it too ... I missed having to see it , and I wish they brought all the epsiodes back to Cartoon Network in the time frame that they use to have then ... 10pm to 11pm central time or bump off this show which I think realy sucks bad by my personal opinion ... '' My Gym Partner is a Monkey '' 7pm to 8pm Central time ... and they can bump off this one as well '' The Grim Advantures of Billy and Mandy '' 5pm to 7pm Central time on Fridays @ Cartoon Network That one defintely needs go bye bye ... It has no good teaching value for a young generation at all , and it do n't make any sence at all eighter ... Frankly I do n't know why they even released that one into the network to begin with ... Feel free to drop Billy and Mandy out from channel 296 DTV 5pm to 8pm and put in Transformers in its place from channel 292 DTV @ 6am M-Fri At least the Transformers bare much sence then that pice of Crap that they went and put in right now ... . I 'm sure that their are alot of people who would agree with me right about now ... And If you do n't then I feel realy sorry for you ... This may sound a bit harsh right about now , but it 's true none or less . . If you prefer Billy and Mandy over the Transformers , then brain has already been turned to Mush , just like the affect of having to smoke Cigerattes too long in your life ... Cigerattes Burn your brain cells out and ruin your body other then just being nasty , but that show just totaly turns your brain cells to 0 degrees brain Freeze , and when the brain freeze whears off it 's total brain melt down , like an Ice Scream Mush that 's been sitting too long in hot summer day of 105 heat wave record ...
 At last my favourite childhood movie as it should be!Lots of dvd extra features and a digitally restored movie that still holds up as one of my all time favourites!Anyone who grew up in the 80 's knows how awesome this movie is !
 This movie is everything I expected it to be . Certainly brought back memories from my childhood . The extra features are very nice . A must buy for any and all Transformers fans .
 I had been searching for years for this movie because it is one of the greatest animated series ever . In the movie it is filled with action and adventure . One of the problems is in the movie a lot of the original characters are killed , or are just not in the movie .
 The transformers movie is truely a great movie . It mad me laugh , it made me cry . I just wonder what happens to Optimus Prime 's trailer when he transforms ? The only thing that would make this movie better would be if the big transforming planet won and all the transformers died .
 EXCELLENT PRODUCT And VERY RELIABLE SALESMAN , SINCE IT GIVES IN TIME And IT FORMS
 Transformers
 I saw an advertisement for the Transformers movie DVD on one of the new repackaged Transformers episode vhs tapes and immediately preordered one . After three delays it finally arrived and I was thouroughly impressed . First off the movie itself is crystal clear it 's almost like they stripped a layer of the film off and recolored it . Second the sound quality is good , not fully surround but much better than the vhs version before . I wish there could have been more extra features like vintage commercials and preveiws , but there are deleted scene storyboards , and a interveiw with Vince DiCola , the movies composer . I highly recomend this DVD version for all of you Transformers fans , or if you are just a fan of great animation . I 've really enjoyed showing this movie to some of the children I know , who are stuck with todays `` crap '' cartoons , instead of the gems from 15 years ago , -LRB- Transformers , G.I. Joe , He-man , etc -RRB- . You know , maybe if the kids of today had heros to look up to like we did when we were little such as Optimus Prime and Duke we might not have all the problems we do now . Buy , enjoy , and share this movie . It will take you back , it did me .
 i think this movie should go in to thevideo list of the top 1 hundred filmsit shhould be in a hall of fame
 Similer to another reveiwer to this movie , I saw this when I was very young , roughly 6 or 7 years of age , for the six years that it was not in my posession I continued to search the blockbusters for the movie but never found it . One small ray of hope was when my sister found the tape and CD soundtrack of the movie , and the gaining of the internet gave me a new urge to find this fantastic movie . Unfortunetally , I had to get it from a friend over the internet on a badly done copy . But it was ENOUGH!The Anime-style animation , similer to that of Gundam , Escaflowne , Macross and Evengelion -LRB- forgive my typos to all who I offend -RRB- catches your eyes in astonishment . The story line continues that of the series , which was pretty impressive in itself , and one precious part is that the good guys and bad guys do n't team up to beat a common foe , giving it some realism . Fantastic voice overs by many of our favorite actors and radio speakers -LRB- Leonard Nemoy , Orson Wells , and Eric Idle -RRB- All in all , this move was one of the best animated movies I have seen in my life , but i am only 16 and open to be surprised again .
 This movie ROCKS ! I am a fan of the Original Transformers . Forget about Beast Wars -LRB- cheap RIP-OFF ! of a great animated Epic of the 80 's ; with low character development , and untalented voice-overs , not worthy to have the Transformers ' name . Forget about Pokemon you `` ankle-biters '' -LRB- those kids who never experienced the original Transformers -RRB- . The TRANSFORMERS
 The one special feature that I was hoping would be included is the music video for `` The Touch . '' I remember recording it on beta off of some music video show that Nickelodeon had way back when and I would watch that thing over and over . I then went out and bought the soundtrack on vinyl and would play it every night before I went to sleep.Basically , as any TF : TM fan knows , the music played a big part of the film and stands up on its own . I would love to see the video included as one of the promised easter eggs on the two discs . I just feel that the release would be less than perfect without it . Otherwise , I ca n't wait to pick this one up .
 -LSB- TO VOTE NEGATIVE IS TO SAY THAT YOU HATE TRANSFORMERS . -RSB- I 've seen this movie since I was 9 years old . I 've watched it ever since and I still love it . People say it 's a rip-off of Star Wars . So what ? So did Battlestar Galactica and Robotech -LRB- both EXCELLENT shows -RRB- . Also the voice-acting is good ; not the best in an animated movie -LRB- Toy Story would probably get that honor -RRB- , but Leonard Nimoy 's portrayal of Galvatron is awesome . Not only his , but Judd Nelson 's -LRB- The Breakfast Club !! -RRB- portrayal of Hot Rod as well.The animation is top-notch , even by today 's standards ; the one-on-one battle of Optimus Prime and Megatron still is a marvel today . Out of the soundtrack , the best songs would probably be `` The Touch '' and `` Dare '' by Stan Bush and Weird Al Yankovic 's `` Dare to be Stupid '' , which ironically meshes well with the Junkions.I was shocked when it came out on DVD . My brother felt compelled to get and watch it again . You 'll be amazed , it looks so much better -LRB- not to mention cleaner in appearance -RRB- . Completely restored and digitally remastered -LRB- also with interesting storyboards in the extra features -RRB- , all one can say is `` THEY 'RE BACK . '' More Than Meets The Eye .
 For those who jest cant get over the part that there was some cursing in this 80 's hit movie please consider that there 's was more of that in the live action movie . The same live action movie that you took your stupid little brats to see !!!!! ... . get over it ! i bet you freak out when bugs bunny dress in Drag too !
 From the time I first watched this Movie in the theater as a little boy , to the time I watched it as I grew up over and over until the tape broke and I had to buy a new copy . Until now in my manhood , I have loved this Movie , the pinical turning point in the transformers G1 history . I remember jumping up durring Prime 's and Megatron 's battle , and then feeling my heart lurch out of my body as Megatron shot Prime repeatedly , then fall down speachless when Prime died ... . So why only for stars , that answer is simple ... Prime died .
 Ok so I 'm 24 years old now and back when this movie came out I was like 4 . I remember watching it and loving it at 7 years of age . But now , ok I 'm sorry , the 80s in terms of music and style was just one of the worst decades we 've had in media history . People tried to be `` funky '' with their style and the dumb 80s music that people actually thought was cool back then . I 'm a video editor , so you do n't know how badly I want to just get the original video without the soundtrack and add music from 2007 . I think that would change the whole film and make it cool . For those true fans that do n't want to mess with history , well it mostly likely wo n't happen so do n't worry . As for the DVD extras , those are pretty hot , especially with the ad for the upcoming film in July . Happy Birthday to me !!!! Well hope this helps take careEG
 Well it came out 20 years ago and my family was so poor that I could n't go see it I had to hear bits and peices of it from my class mates , and Man I am glad I finaly got to see it . It is the best movie I have seen it took me back to my pre teen and teen age years and wow !!! what a rush . Now if I can find the cartoons of Tranzor Z , and voltron , and Robo Tech I 'll be a happy man .
 When this first came out in 1986 , I was a school kid , right square in its target audience . I remember then I was blown away by the animation , which was cutting-edge then , and I was traumatized by all the killing . Hey wait a minute , they 're DYING ?!? From one shot ? What the ... Then later on the robots getting eaten alive by robot sharks , and the robots being melted alive in acid was a shock . But I still watched it so much I wore right through my VHS tape . Now , when I watch it , I love the music . . if you 're trying to explain what `` 1980 's Hair Metal '' is to someone , this is the PERFECT music to use . It 's awesome ! Makes me wan na drive a red Camaro with t-tops , wearing mirrored aviator shades . . If you liked the series , you 'll love the movie , but anyone who liked the series has no doubt seen the movie , so BUY IT already ! You know you wan na . .
 The movie is very and exceed expectetion of a cartoon.The remastering from the original version is bad , leaving all the colors in a bright light.Beside that everything is enjoyable
 took me back to age 16 , i enjoyed the extra features , but the web extras werent that great .
 I was a transformers fan fro mthe first time i saw the ads for the toys , then the cartoons came out and then the movie , I have fond memorys of the movie so when a few years ago i saw it on dvd i bought it with out thinking , but now that i can look into the film more , i was disapointed with the over all quality of the dvd.then along came the 20th anniversary edition and put it right , the movie has been recolored and the sound track remastered , that with all the extra features made me feel like a 10 year old boy again .
 If you are a fan of The Transformers G1 Series and you do n't own this DVD -LRB- is that possible ? -RRB- than buy it right now . Do n't read anymore reviews , do n't ask anybody , do n't think about it , do n't look , just BUY .
 As a guy that grew up on Transformers , I have to say that this DVD release is great since we get both the wide-screen and full-screen version of the movie which is still after 20 years one of my favorite movies and my favorite scene from the movie is when Optimus Prime fought Megatron for the final time . I also liked some of the extras and tidbits that is in the release such as the Battle City episode -LRB- which was only previously seen in Japan and introduces Ultra Magnus -RRB- and how some of the extras talk about some of the things that were orginially in the storyboard , but did n't make it into the movie -LRB- such as how the Autobots in the shuttle really died and how Ultra Magnus was orginially supposed to be drawn and quartered on the Junkion planet , although both of them had to be left out because it would have made the movie much more violent -RRB- . I would highly recommend this release to any fan of The Transformers .
 Always a huge fan of the transformer , the movie is just a classic . Yeah , now that I am older I can see some flaws and cheesyness to the whole plot and things , but I still love it . I feel just like a kid again . Overall , a great piece of work at the cutting edge for it 's time . I do think they could have done more in depth documentary stuff for this set . I know one thing missing that I thought was funny on the first DVD release was the fact that they mentioned how the movie boogie nights asked them for rights to use `` the touch '' , this was not on this version . Sony did a good job on the remaster , and I look foreward to the Cartoons remastering soon and hopefully being released some time early next year .
 I can not believe this has gone out of print again . Its the greatest anime movie ever.It always goes through long periods of time being unnavailable . I do n't get it.Maybe the next DVD version will be better than this one . This version was great for being uncensored . But the extras were weak . It should have at least had two discs and included the alternate TV version . Or at least its opening Star Wars styled scrollthat replaced the opening credits . The music video `` The Touch '' was also not included . Also excluded were the animated bumpers narrated by a computer animated `` Optimus Prime '' that played when the movie aired on television in 5 partson the TV series . They would have made a nice extra .
 STAN BUSH IS A GOD AND IF YOU DO N'T LIKE IT WELL THEN YOU PROBABLY ARE N'T TOO FOND OF AMERICA EITHER BECAUSE STAN BUSH IS THE BEST THING ABOUT AMERICA AND IF YOU DO N'T LIKE THAT WELL THEN YOU CA N'T REALLY LIKE AMERICA AND STAN BUSH 'S MERE PRESENCE , AS WELL AS THE GREATEST SONG OF ALL TIME IN THE TOUCH MAKE THIS THE BEST MOVIE EVER MADE ADN IF YOU DO N'T THINK SO YOU SHOULD MOVE TO CANADA BECAUSE YOU HATE AMERICA .
 It is about time that this movie is released on video again . I takes me back to the good old days when cartoons were done by hand . The Gem and The Holgrams Advertisement scared me . And what was with the hokey Star Wars-like intro that was added in ? And the voice over at the end detracted from this much anticipated film . This film-of-films must be released on a DVD format . I 'll wear out the tape to fast . A must for Tranformer fans , young and old .
 It is about time that this movie is released on video again . I takes me back to the good old days when cartoons were done by hand . The Gem and The Holgrams Advertisement scared me . And what was with the hokey Star Wars-like intro that was added in ? And the voice over at the end detracted from this much anticipated film . This film-of-films must be released on a DVD format . I 'll wear out the tape to fast . A must for Tranformer fans , young and old .
 This is one of my four favorite movies of all time -LRB- the other 3 are Return of the Jedi , Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom , and Casablanca -RRB- . This is a GREAT movie . I remember seeing it when I was 5 for the first time . It took me a year before I got the bright idea to check Amazon.com for it . The $ 17 or so -LRB- after shipping and handling -RRB- is very much a bargain for ANYONE who grew up watching the cartoons and playing with the toys . I still get chills during many of the scenes , 13 years later . However , the movie might be too intense for little kids -LRB- lotsa violence , death -RRB- , which , along with some of the language -LRB- ie
 This is the best , most exciting animated film ever made . All of the classic favorites are here , Prowl , Ironhide , Optimus , Ratchet , Jazz , and the rest -LRB- although it was very tear-jerking to see just about all of them killed -RRB- . I never got bored watching this movie and I never will , it 's just that AWESOME !!!!! No one should miss out on seeing this movie . I know I 'm not !!!!!!
 If you 're like me , you loved those classic cartoons of the eighties , when political correctness was an afterthought and nobody cared how much violence occured in children 's programming . Case in point
 i was very excited when i found out this movie was going to be released . The quality of the video was superb and the clamshell cover a nice touch . Seeing this movie brought back a lot of childhood memories . The celebrity voices were excellent and the story one of the best good vs evil battles of all time . A lot of praise for the movie except for one little flaw . Whether Rhino made the change or not , i was upset with star wars monologue at the beggining of the movie . That and the narration at the end of the film was not part of the original . It took a little away from the movie but not enough that i would rate it less than 5 stars . Still the best animated movie of all time .
 This movie is so great it needs no words to describe it . To think the critics did n't like it . Well , this movie crushed their comments with its bare hands.You can have BOTH Lion King movies -LRB- I could have written that script -RRB- And Tarzan . This movie make them look bad . Put this on your `` They should put on DVD list '' . Now that would be more than I imagine.One last thing
 I think this is one of the greatest movies ever made . I hate that I did n't see it in the theaters but man was this a good movie . First let me get to the good parts , of course the autobots had inferior firepower as always , what 's up with the small pistols and the decepticons are loaded with cannons . I also like the fact that people actually died in the movie , I got tired of seeing people hit in the shoulder and then running away . I still hate that my boy Brawn got killed but at least my favorite autobot survived `` Jazz '' . Oh yeah , two questions , why did Optimus Prime die but they put Ultra Magnus back together ? Last question , anybody know where I can get a copy of the two thundercat movies ?
 A great movie for any age ! I loved seeing all the classic transformers I watched on the TV series , but I was a little sad when Optimus Prime went offline . But Optimus has returned , as a PRIMAL force.Since I never saw the original release of this movie , I sorta wondered what happened to -LRB- the original -RRB- Megatron after seeing the latter of the series ... now I know . `` Until all are one . ''
 First and foremost , Bah weep grahnah weep nini bong ! Where do I start ? I wo n't lie , I cried like a red-headed step child , my hero , the personification of all that is good and true gett 'n slagged by that treacherios swine -LRB- and then Prime died a few dozen more times in the series and I got over it -RRB- . Just about all the characters are there -LRB- even though half of them loose there sparks -RRB- . Anyway I 'm rambling , this movie is an absolute must for transfans and for animation lovers of all ages -LRB- but only if you were born in the 80 's -RRB- . In summery , great animation , solid plot , and good if sometimes a bit cheesy soundtrack . I command you ; BUY THIS MOVIE . Autobots , transform and roll out !
 This version of the film , released by Rhino includes Skipe 's infamous line , censored by FHE -LRB- family home entertainment -RRB- in the initial US video release.Now . . if only they made a DVD version ...
 For true Transformers fans only - this movie wo n't disappoint ! All the action you could expect from a movie and a great soundtrack to go along with it . If you are a fan and have n't seen this yet , watch it ! You ca n't call yourself a true fan until then !
 I 've seen a lot of anime and feel this is far better . I loved The Transformers as a young child and this was always my favorite movie to rent . It was ahead of it 's time . Most of those who really like it now were too young to truly appreciate it when it was first released . This epic tale ends off the first episodes of the series with a bang . It was much more mature than the series and jammed pack with action . This is truely THE BEST American animated movie .
 This movie is the all-time greatest animated movie . The transformers are still as exciting and entertaining as they were in the 80 's . This is the best !
 i saw it a long time ago , and have been looking for it ever since . all i can say is that i loved it and i wish i owned it .
 Okay . I am 13yrs old . . and I have watched this movie since I was 2 EVERY day . When this comes on DVD -LRB- IF , OF COURSE IT WILL !! -RRB- I am getting it and taking it everywhere . . MAN OH MAN This is a great movie . . Think of it as a real movie with robots only animated . Most of my favorite characters died . . but of course this came last after the real series . . then the cartoon show that took place right after the movie . . think of Transformers as a never ending universe ... 5 stars . Great . BUY IT ! Best movie ever !
 all i can say is that ive now been searching for over 10 years for this video ... transformers was my childhood and i will defend thi smovie to the end in saying it was probably one of th ebest animated films of all time ...
 Okay , chances are that if you wrote a review of this movie , you loved it . if you are looking for it , you loved it . Yes , this is a cartoon . However , few cartoons actually made it to the movie screen like this . This isnt a muppet adventure and its definitly not some power rangers like thing . this is the Transformers . the legendary toy series from the 80 's The cartoon show lives on as one of the best and the movie was something even my kids cant get enough of . they 'll never do them this well again . if you have ANY interest at all , get this movie . even if you hate it , its still worth watching .
 Transformers is one of the BEST and most ORIGINAL cartoons that has ever existed . For almost every particular cartoon that 's out today , their 's always another cartoon that basically has the same concept . For instance , you have `` Street Fighter : The Animated Movie '' . Next thing you know , here comes `` Fatal Fury : The Motion Picture '' . Do n't get me wrong . I think both of these movies are great and frankly , I wish their were a lot more like them . But `` Transformers : The Movie '' is different in the coolest way . Sure their has been some lame imitations like GoBots -LRB- if anybody remembers or has even heard of them -RRB- but their 's always going to be something that 's a straight rip off of the best . Transformers are robots who can think and feel , turn into different objects , and they come in sizes which range from human height to at least 100ft . And if you take five or six -LRB- about 30ft . each -RRB- in particular they can merge into a robot , much greater in size . This movie has all of the above plus the most gigantic Transformer ever which I have to admit is a little much but I STILL loved it . The animation is brilliant . Especially for a movie that was made in the '80s . It also has a lot of action and a good story . Another thing I thought was cool is that a number of the Transformers died for once , and they all went through turning points . My ONLY complaints are that some parts are strictly for kids and the fact that unfamiliar Transformers had television , which seemed to be getting it 's frequency from earth , on a distant planet . It normally would n't be so bad but their is know indication that these particular Transformers has ever even heard of earth or human beings . But of course , if you thought about that , chances are that you would prabably ask , `` How do they happen to know the same language -LRB- english -RRB- that the people of earth knows . '' In conclusion it does have some flaws but to me , these flaws are not even great enough to take away from the number of stars this movie deserves . If this movie does n't get 5 stars , almost no animated movie should . Forget `` Beast Wars '' I want the original .
 This is the greatest cartoon movie ever .
 I saw this movie in theaters when it first came out . The PG version . Ever since then , I 've struggled to find that version again . Soon afterward , a `` cleaned up '' version of the film appeared on shelves , much to my distaste ... It was too clean for me . I wanted to see what I saw on the big screen . Thankfully , a full unedited version of the title appeared on store shelves and on Amazon.com too ... If you are a Transformers fan , you absolutely MUST see this film ! When I saw it at the cinema my jaw dropped quickly and often at the carnage which ensues when the Decepticons launch their counter-offensive . Cursing in a cartoon ! The reality of it all impressed me , and reinforced my faith that cartoons are not only for kiddies . I was so inspired that I even sat down and wrote a sequel!The trend today is Japanese anime like Dragon Ball Z and others . You could say that the Transformers movie was ahead of its time ... Anyway , there you have it . My advice ? See it . THE UNRATED VERSION ONLY !
 Ever since I was a kid , I have loved this movie . My cousin and I both love it . Even though we are adults now , we will always love this movie . TRANSFORMERS THE MOVIE RULES !
 The blu-ray is awesome on a 55 inch TV . Since the blu-ray is n't planned to be made and released in this country any time soon , the price is forgivable , especially if you grew up watching all the cartoons ... . It brings back alot of memories and who does n't like the nice 80 's soundtrack ? I still feel a little like a nerd putting in this old cartoon movie and watching it , but hey , it 's ok to be a nerd sometimes , right ?
 Like many others of my generation , I have many fond memories of the early to mid 80 's cartoons . Rushing home to catch Transformers , He-Man , Thundercats , GI Joe , Ultraman . Saturdays had morning cartoons , Spider-man and his Amazing Friends , Superfriends and Kung-Fu theater ... hell , sunday was the only day without cartoons back then until the Simpsons came out . Something happened in the late 90 's to 00 's , it seemed cartoons were n't on tv as much anymore unless you had cable and Cartoon Network , or then only like an hour or so . Most of these 80 's cartoons are all out on dvd now , and it was finally time that Transformers had a proper and available release.Ok , so , you were either the right age when Transformers hit the screens -LRB- both big and small -RRB- , or you just are n't really gon na be into it . A decade or so later the new generation of Transformers came out , Beast Wars , Armada , Cybertron , Energon . And you either were a total Transformers geek and loved them all , or they just were n't the same as the old school g1 series . In any case , these get released on DVD , manufacturer 's seem to do one print run , and that 's it!So , Shout Factory has released the old g1 series , and an awesome looking box set as well . Ok , so , where 's the movie ?? Well , fork over some big bucks for a new one , and you 're lucky if it arrives -LRB- according to some of these reviews -RRB- . If you were n't hip enough to get it when it came out , you 're s.o.l. right now . And the movie is a bridge between the 2nd and 3rd season 's . Practically no main characters from season 1 & 2 return outside of Decepiticons . It 's an all new cast , story 's , and even setting/time , as the movie is roughly 10 years later , and the 3rd season jumps in right after that.So , many may be wondering why it was n't included in the box , and if there are plans for a Shout Factory re-release , which is what I was truly hoping for . Well , tough luck peoples . Sony still owns the rights , and while it seems pretty much every company seems to want to capitilize with double , triple , quadruple dippings , especially when a movie version , sequel or series re-vamp comes out , they got me wondering when they are gon na put this back out !!!! Well , I 'll have to rely on memories for now , or do some hunting to find it out in a store somewhere . Come on Sony , this is one double dip I would not mind . -LRB- Also , what happened to season 1 & 2 of Transfromers Animated Series and Beast Wars ? Why 's everything get discontinued after 1 print run ?? Fans want it , they 'll buy it , $ $ $ -RRB-
 I personally have not watched it , however my boyfriend and his brother -LRB- who i bought them for -RRB- loved it .
 If you are a true Transformers fan , you will appreciate the movie , commentary and extras that were included in the DVD . This is truly a prize for Transformers fans of all ages !
 The DVD version of this movie was great . The color and sound was better than in the VHS version . I took my boys to see this movie when it first came out . As a story , it has stood the test of time .
 well best movie every bought , i did not know they made `` TRANSFORMERS : The Movie '' well i soon as i found out , headed straight to amazon . Greatest movie i 've ever bought online , and thank you amazon , i would defenitely recommended to anybody who 's anybody to go ahead buy `` TRANSFORMERS : The Movie 1986 ''
 Great quality -LRB- reg & wide screen versions -RRB- plus a ton of extra goodies from the 80 's ... the original trailers of the movie , tv spots of toys to go along with the movie - and more - it is a must have for any die hard transformers fan - and how can you beat the price ?
 The movie was great my husband was really surprised that I found it . He loved Transformers as a kid . The movie arived faster then I expected and was in excelant condition . Thank you we were very satisfied with the prouduct .
 Great thing . Recommend for all who is the fan of Transformers
 Great movie . To date the best version out there . 2 disc ! It was great watching it with commentary from fans . This was just awesome . The colour and widescreen format are surperb . Many special features including commentaries , interviews , trailers etc. . The Scramble City episode which is a special feature , which I was looking forward to fell below expectations due to the fact you could only watch it with commentary . Only about four toy commercials . There are easter eggs on both discs -LRB- old Diaclone toy commercials -RRB- . Overall a great addition to my dvd collection and fully recommended .
 If you are a transformers fan this is a must .
 I did n't remember how much I missed watching cartoons until I sat down to watch The Transformers - The Movie . I forgot how devastating Unicron was , and how Optimus Prime was the ultimate leader . Megatron was a vicious adversary and Starscreen was as conniving as ever . I liked the movie , the graphics were pretty good considering this was done back in the 80s . I wish that the movie could have been digitally remastered , but otherwise the quality is excellent . This is perhaps one of the greatest cartoon movies of my childhood . This a must have if you 're an 80s baby . .
 I was thoroughly pleased with this purchase . As a Transformers fan , it was great to go back to memory lane with my friends . The item was packaged well , and was shipped quickly just in time for Christmas .
 I saw Transformers
 This movie is truely one of the best movies to come from a tv series , if not the best . The Animation and storylines are very well put together and the voices fit the characters greatly . Even though I am 18 and have just recently seen the movie . I have to say that it brings back the good old days or Optimus Prime vs. Megatron . Even though I hated to see most of my all time favorite cartoon characters I ever had wiped out virtually at the same time -LRB- I hated seeing Ironhide and Prowl killed first off -RRB- , the movie was in all ways great . This is also not only made for kids , people of all ages will enjoy watching this movie -LRB- I was especially suprised to hear some adult language coming out of Ultra Magnus -RRB- . Oh well its ' all good . If you are a fan of transformers , this is a must for the old collection . You wo n't be dissappointed
 My son loves this movie so much , he could watch it morning , noon and night !! Arrived very fast and in great conditions .
 It 's hard to describe to people who are either under the age of 28 or over the age of 38 why this movie is one of the best ever made . This movie is more dear to me and truly describes my childhood more than any other 80 's movie . For those of us in the know , there is no matching this movie . Michael Bay 's pathetic attempt to capture the Transformers world does n't come close to this original low budget film with probably what I consider to be one of the greatest Movie soundtracks of all time.Hearing the words `` Megatron must be stopped no matter the cost '' and then hearing that intro to `` Touch '' still gives me goose bumps and the scene that follows still makes me cry . In my opinion Optimus was , and still is , one of the greatest Hero 's of all time.I just feel bad that kids today will never get to experience cartoons like this , the way we did . Running home from school to see Transformers , G.I. Joe , Thundercats , etc. . For me personally , these cartoons are a big part of who I am today . The morals they instilled and the life lessons they taught will never be forgotten .
 The Transformers - The Movie is one hour and twenty-four minutes long and was released in theaters on August 8 , 1986 . This movie is set between season two and three . We witness the deaths of Optimus Prime and Megatron and witness the births of Rodimus Prime and Galvatron . Overall the details of this movie , with a darker theme to it and a heavy metal music sound , make this a very excellent movie to watch . Also we are introduced to some new characters like Kup , Blurr and Wheelie . Finally this would be Orson Welles and Scatman Crothers last movie . The Transformers - The Movie gets an AAA + + + . DVD FEATURESScene IndexPlay MovieFeatures1 . Interview with the Composer2 . Storyboards
 After twenty years of the many various cartoon shows , specials , toys and an animated feature-length motion picture , Sony BMG Entertainment proudly revises Transformers The Movie for the 21st century.Backed with a way cool DVD cover art -LRB- via the various artists at Dreamwave Productions -RRB- and tons of special features on a 2-disc set , the movie continues to tell the exploits of Optimus Prime and the heroic Autobots who battle valiantly against the forces of Megatron and the evil Decepticons . The story definitely had a utter shock for all fans when it was released in 1986 . Some fans did n't like back then , but you 'll have to look at the special features to see why they -LRB- the movie 's crew ... and even Hasbro -RRB- did that.It stars a cavalcade of 1980 's voice acting superstars , such as Peter Cullen -LRB- Optimus Prime and Ironhide -RRB- , Frank Welker -LRB- Megatron , various other Transformers -RRB- , Dan Galvezan -LRB- Bumblebee -RRB- and Susan Blu -LRB- Arcee -RRB- . It also features guest stars Judd Nelson -LRB- The Breakfast Club -RRB- , Leonard Nimoy -LRB- Star Trek -RRB- , the late actors Robert Stack -LRB- Unsolved Mysteries -RRB- , Lionel Stander -LRB- Hart to Hart -RRB- , Scatman Crothers -LRB- Hong Kong Fooey -RRB- and Orson Wells -LRB- Citizen Kane -RRB- . It also has a ton of special features goodies for any TF : TM fan : - Widescreen and full screen presentations on 2 discs-Digitally color corrected and remastered-Dolby 5.1 Surround Sound-Interviews with director Nelson Shin , producers Jay Bacal and Tom Griffin , story consultant/writer Flint Dille and voice actress/director Susan Blu -LRB- who provides the voice of Arcee -RRB- - Original `` Scramble City '' episode that premiered in Japan -LRB- now with fan commentary -RRB- - Promo and theatrical teasers and trailers-TV and contest spots-Transformers toy commercials from the U.S. and Japan-Credit screen tests-Storyboard/script comparisons-Photo galleries-Transformers Trivia FanFacts -LRB- displayed through the movie -RRB- - DVD-ROM movie content - * Hidden Easter eggs on both discsThe only thing extra that they could 've put on this was the interview with the film 's composer , Vince DiCola . It was included when Rhino Home Video released it first on DVD . I guess that was the only thing that Sony BMG had missed the mark on , but other than that , overall satisfaction!A definite must for your DVD library , especially those of us who are die-hard Transformers fan from day one . It 's `` more than meets the eye ! `` Transformers , transform and roll out !
 This is the title that was the trend setter above all else.Not perfect , but by no means lacking either , Hell !!! , it even had a curse word in it!The true standard bearer.A must for any and all fans !!!
 I gave this product as a Christmas present and got a fantastic response . I have watched it and it is great . The cartoon is a great review and just plain fun to watch before or after watching the new `` Transformers '' movie.DO ENJOY !!!!
 When you look back on something from your childhood and remember how absolutely spectacular it was to rush home evey afternoon to see your favorite cartoon , then revisit it in adulthood , more often than not you may be disappointed.Transformers the Movie still delivers , from its theme song to the death of your favorite characters . This was a great purchase .
 The Transformers
 After a nights reminiscing in the pub about Transformers I hunted down the movie again and with a group of friends we huddled down to watch one of the greatest movies of all time . Non-stop all out from the moment you hit the play button , a dark rollercoaster ride of guns , violence , shocks and tears . A kids movie?The highlight is the stunning battle sequence which opens the movie . Childhood memories literally engraved on my mind were relived as heroes fall in battle , quite shocking now nevermind when I was 6 . The movie is fantastically paced , its very fast and the soundtrack -LRB- a jolly rock based affair mainly from Stan Bush -RRB- will have your adrenalin in overdrive . It is brutal battle sequences which make this movie more than just a childs film , the same being true of cartoon films like Watership Down . Then the chaos pauses as Optimus Prime announces `` Megatron must be stopped ... no matter the cost . '' As he slowly transforms the inevitable dawns on you and tears may fall.The actual storyline is highlighted by the awsome menace that is Unicron , and he 's actually quite haunting and mysterious - certainly not a baddy to laugh at . My main concern re-watching was the ` kiddy ' element which often emerged in the series but not a single moment made me cringe . Quite simply one of the greatest films I have ever seen .
 ` The Transformers ' were , as the reader will no doubt already be aware , a brand of toy , comic and television show . A big success with children , as such things normally are , a film was produced . That is a little bit of background to what you are looking at.To try and be helpful , the Movie is anime style - the Japanese animation style -LRB- the animation was all completed in Japan -RRB- which many people rate as the best for action cartoons - it provides fluid motion and relatively high quality animation without going into over-detail in specific scenes.It has many famous voices , who have been cast as new characters not before seen in the television show , but does not lose any of the old voices ; keeping Frank Welker as the lead bad-guy and Peter Cullen as the heroic leader of the good-guys . The film also combines what I would define as a heavy metal soundtrack , although most people refer to it as being rock . That is very much a question of opinion - but the soundtrack would appeal to people who like maybe Pink Floyd , or other mainly synthesised music tracks . In my opinion the music is very good , and very well matches the fluid motion of the animation.The plot is often referred to as being a direct take-off of ` Return of the Jedi ' . To this I can only say that I have seen both films more than a couple of times , and I honestly could not say I noticed more than a very very generic similarity - to put it bluntly if the Transformers Movie is similar to Return of the Jedi , then one should also say that ` The Thin Red Line ' is a direct rip-off of ` Apocalypse Now ' . If it were otherwise , I would tell you.Like many films , the plot has elements which are similar to other films , but it mainly comprises features all of its own.The plot is centred around the waging warrior factions of Autobots and Decepticons , led respectively by Optimus Prime and Megatron . After millions of years fighting on their home world , these gigantic robotic behemoths crash land on Earth . The movie picks up in the year 2005 , when the evil Decepticons have control of the Transformer homeworld , Cybertron , but the brave Autobots continue to protect both Earth and Cybertron 's moon system . From there on in the film makes sense , but it is only fair to give the reader this little grounding or the film will not make much sense to begin with.Yes it is fair to say that the film 's dialogue is somewhat loose - but one can make that criticism of films which are much more acclaimed than ` The Transformers Movie ' - including Snow White and Star Wars to name but two . However , there are some great lines delivered well by numerous characters.The film succeeds in making the viewer attach his or herself to at least one of the characters . As the major purpose of the entire Transformers spectrum was to encourage toy sales there are many characters , however only about ten are given any noticeable airtime in this film . In that respect it works like most other films - giving the viewer a ` crew ' of good-guys and bad guys . The characters are given all well developed personalities , a difference between the toy crazes of then and now , and the viewer will soon identify with at least a few of the characters.It is very much a ` boys ' stereotype film , with lots of shooting and explosions - but that should not deter the reader from giving the film a try . Before you buy it , maybe borrow it from someone . Do try to bear in mind when you watch it that you are watching a kid 's film -LRB- a somewhat violent kids film , but still a kids film -RRB- so do not expect what kid 's films do not deliver . Try to watch it with an open mind and remember that it is a film and that it is just a bit of entertainment - if you sit there tearing the film into little pieces saying to yourself ` how can a robot X size change into something which is Z size ? ' you have very much lost the plot . Just enjoy it - the film is a fast moving roller-coaster of anime , the best style for the forte of the film with appropriate music and a world-beating plot . If you grew up with the Transformers , you do not really need to read this , if you did not then give the film a go - what 's the worst that could happen ? In either case do remember that it is a kiddies film and do n't take it too seriously , but bear that in mind and there is no reason why this film should not entertain you as it has done millions of others over the world.Characters of note
 I was talked into spending some quality time with -LRB- i.e. babysitting -RRB- my five year old nephew a few days ago . It was raining that day and he did n't want to watch Shrek again , so I took him to the video store to find a DVD for us to watch . To my suprise , there on the shelf was a title I had not thought of in over 15 years , The Transformers
 IF YOU EVER WERE A FAN OF THE TRANSFORMER TV SHOW IN THE MID 80 'S YOU WILL REKINDLE YOUR CHILDHOOD AS YOU WATCH OPTIMUS PRIME PASS THE TORCH TO A YOUNG AND UNQUALIFIED HOT ROD WHO FILLS THE VOID RATHER WELL . MEGATRON AND ALL YOUR OTHER FAVORITES ARE IN IT AS WELL
 I was constantly ridiculed as a child because my favorite character on `` The Transformers '' TV show , was n't a Transformer at all - it was Spike . So you can imagine how excited I was to see Spike all grown up in , `` The Transformers - The Movie '' . `` Look , it 's Unicron ! `` The movie opens with our introduction to the devastating , planet-eating robot , Unicron . Voiced by the legendary Orson Welles -LRB- in his final performance -RRB- , Unicron proves to be no match for any Autobot or Decepticon . `` Roger me ! Wilco me ! Anything ! Hello ! Hello ! Earth ?! `` Fortunately , it does n't take long for Spike and his son Daniel to make their appearance . I 'll admit , seeing Spike as an adult , took some getting used to . Especially , during the scene when Spike 's spaceship is being attacked by Unicron , and Spike yells , `` Oh , s ** t , what are we going to do ?! '' If my mother knew that there was profanity in this movie , I do n't think she would have been so anxious to drive me to the movie theater . `` One shall stand , one shall fall ! `` This movie contains many epic battles , including the fight between Prime and Megatron . I still think this is one of the best action sequences in motion picture history . Watching Optimus Prime fall to Megatron was uncomfortable for me , mostly because Spike and Prime always seemed to be the closest of friends . If it was painful for me to watch , I knew it would be painful for Spike.I do n't want to give away too much of the plot , but I will say that the Autobot Matrix of Leadership is the only thing that can destroy Unicron . Once Megatron is reborn as Galvatron -LRB- that 's right , I said `` reborn '' ! ... you 'll just have to see the movie to know what I 'm talking about -RRB- , he will stop at nothing to get the Matrix of Leadership . Can you blame him ? When a robot the size of a planet tells you to do something - you do it!You might want to take a nap before you watch `` The Transformers - The Movie '' , because the climatic battle at the end of the movie will leave you exhausted . Total chaos , and I loved every minute of it!I have but one thing to say to people who do n't like this movie - `` Spare me this mockery of justice ! `` This movie is beyond good , beyond evil ... it 's beyond your wildest imagination !
 If you were a child in the 1980s , chances are you heard of Transformers , if not a fan of them . Who was n't ? One of the largest toylines , best animated cartoon series , not to mention one of the best cartoon-made-to-movie series out there.In 1986 , the movie was seen as a `` long toy-commercial . '' In 1999 and 2000 , because of incidents dealing with school shootings and so forth , it is still seen as a `` violent 18 and older '' movie.If review critics got off their high horses to actually look at what makes a movie a movie -LRB- storyline , character development , etc -RRB- , you 'll see that Transformers
 3 reasons why this could have been better .1 . `` the touch '' MTV music video is missing and has never been released2 . The interviews could have been more extensive . At this point the voice actors are the most interesting , mysterious factoid left to exploit . Who are they ? are they still alive ? What are they doing now and will they be involved in the next film ? 3 . Sorta changing lanes but ... . Why did n't Sony BMG re-release the soundtrack remastered on CD ?
 As most of you already know , the way to hook children is to make incredible characters that translate easily to incredible toys . This will make you a millionare . If you look at popular toys today , you 'll realize that they are often complex . Consider Power Rangers , a show that was definetely devoid of any human interest , but still an incredible source of imaginative violent little toys . I wo n't even get into Pokemon -LRB- which by the way , I 'm told that since I loved Transformers I ca n't very well insult Pokemon . I believe that 's kind of false . Pokemon exists on a large cast of threadbare characters , with toys that I could never have played with . I can see it fueling an imagination , but where 's the personality ? -RRB- . Transformers is different from the cartoons and action toy manufacturers of today . Transformers existed with hundreds of characters that all had distinctive personalities , far different from the ninja turtles , power rangers , and pikachus of today . And the toys were intensely fun . What does all of this have to do with the film ? Well , I 'll tell you ! Transformers at first glance can be dismissed as nothing more than a carefully planned add campaign . Partially true , mostly for the executives who sold the show , but as for the people involved in the show , and especially the movie , human interest , emotion , intense scenes of violence , and characters you grew to love mixed together . To be a child at the time of Transformers was to be enriched by something with a brain , even if it was occasionally cheesy . If only Capitalism could always be this cool .
 This Transformers adventure is an epic blast worthy of the big screen , the way it was originally presented . The animation is incredible ! Very much in the anime spirit , the images move along in lighting fashion , yet with all the detail and fluidity Japanese animation exudes . The plot is exceptional , moving the Transformers of the 1980 's into the future -LRB- 2005 -RRB- and setting the stage for the multiple transformations the Transformers ' key players Optimus Prime and Megatron would take over the next decade . -LRB- Can you say Optimus Primal ?? -RRB- The soundtrack is a blast as well -- kudos to the music director for the inspired synthesized accompaniament , as well as the rocking original tracks such as `` You 've Got the Touch '' and Weird Al 's `` Dare to be Stupid '' -LRB- As a side note , in Boogie Nights star Mark Wahlberg does a butchering rendition of `` You 've Got the Touch '' -- this may be the wrong name of the song , I ca n't quite recall -RRB- . Regardless , the movie is a blast from beginning to end , and is an excellent romp for fans of the original Transformers as well as fans who have jumped aboard with Beast Wars and Beast Machines .
 I remember the '80s . In fact , I was a high school/college geek during that time -LRB- before `` geekdom '' was actually cool -RRB- who still watched afternoon/Saturday morning cartoons . Apart from the exceptions -LRB- all Japanese imports -RRB- , most of them were basically extended commercials for what was being offered as toylines to kids . There were two series that were different - both were selling toylines , true , but both had excellent storytelling , interesting graphics , and excellent overseas production houses that kept the quality of animation just a little bit ahead of its competitors . They were also properties owned by Hasbro and licensed by Marvel Entertainment . These were `` Transformers '' and `` G.I. Joe ; A Real American Hero . `` When The `` Transformers '' series -LRB- both TV and toyline -RRB- needed a reboot , they took an unusual approach . Rather than doing another `` miniseries '' / extended pilot to introduce new characters , Hasbro/Marvel/Sunbow Productions -LRB- the animation house responsible for most of the Marvel Entertainment series during that time -RRB- took the unusual step in spending a vast amount of money on a theatrical release . Not just another theatrical release either - a bold , mature , sensible retelling of the Autobot saga that , rather than sticking with the tried and true simple adventure story , made the decision to massacre a lot of characters in order to make room for the new . The even killed off the most popular character of the franchise , Optimus Prime , thus adding an emotional punch that could n't be avoided.Yes , there were commercial reasons for doing all this , but the characters were so well established , and the script dealing with them so well-constructed as to make you care for a bunch of , let 's face it , machines , the effect was to cause mass hysteria in the theaters by the younger audience members . Parents who were expecting merely another , longer , Saturday morning diversion , were horrified . All hands responsible got more publicity , good and bad , than they ever anticipated . Finally , and more importantly , the Transformers were cemented in popular cuture lore fully and finally , even with their non-target audience -LRB- older guys like me who were the rarity in the cinema -RRB- . What can there be said for this movie that has n't already been ? As I mentioned , the producers spent a great deal of money to make it a quality film . They brought in a real film scorer , the excellent Vince DeCoia -LRB- sp ? -RRB- of `` Rocky IV '' fame , to do the incidental music . They built an iconic '80s soundtrack to go with it -LRB- Stan Bush ? a guilty pleasure form the big-haired decade -RRB- . They even gathered an eclectic selection of top-line stars to do voicework -LRB- yeah , they exploited the dying Orsen Welles , even ditching most of the work when it did n't cut the mustard , but they got Leonard Nimoy - Spock , the ultimate scifi good guy - to play the revived villain Galvatron -RRB- . The result ? Something that had an epic feel all over it , what with all the death , wandering around from mission to mission and such , a unique achievement in a bloated field.An epic with a decidedly mature feel as well . I 've read some of the previous reviews , and understand that , as like then , some parents ignored the justified PG rating and got this for their young kids , expecting a merely `` kids '' cartoon . Therefore I must add this to what I wrote - THIS IS NOT FOR YOUNG OR EASY UPSET CHILDREN ! As mentioned earlier , characters die - shockingly , brutally , and in rather large numbers . There is also once -LRB- and just the one -RRB- moderate curseword used in the dialogue.The specials of the DVD are good , if not earthshaking , and they do add to what 's been in the fan community for some time , but the deal here is the movie . Adventure lovers - get it . Watch it . Love it !
 I have grew up with Transformers and all of its incarnations . I ca n't believe it has been 20 years since the original movie -LRB- i 'm OLD , NOOOOOOO -RRB- . But to watch Optimus Prime go round for round with Megatron , and to see the rise of Rodimus Prime , I have to tell you , i feel like a kid again.This special edition is just what you need to wet your appetite for the upcoming live-action movie in ' 07 . I love the extras on the DVD , however , I could have done without the color commentary on Scramble City . I 'm not worried , because I 've seen the full edition on You Tube.For those that complains about the DVD , I have this to say
 I rented this and liked it . True to the classic Transformers theme . These guys have been around forever and I was watching it since I was kid .
 Transformers the Movie takes place after Season 2 and before Season 3 . The movie 's greatest strengths are that the animation is above and beyond any other Transformers animation before or since . The soundtrack -LRB- `` You got the touch , you got the power ! '' -RRB- is absolutely awesome for the time , and the character development is surprisingly strong for an animated film about robots that turn into vehicles , guns , etc. . . I remember being heart-broken as a little kid watching Optimus Prime die , and that remains my biggest problem with this movie and with Transformers in general . For whatever unknown stupid reason , the creators decided it would be great to have a new `` Prime '' so they killed off Optimus and turned Hot Rod into Rodimus Prime in the movie . With the beginning of Season 3 , Rodimus Prime was the leader of the Autobots while Galvatron was the leader of basically the Decepticons since Megatron was also given the boot . In my opinion , creators should never ever ever kill off or destroy the main characters of children 's television shows . The kids do not understand the `` dramatic effect '' of killing off the two most popular Transformers , and 20 years later they still wo n't understand it -LRB- take me for instance -RRB- . With the exception of those deaths this is a great movie that is a whole lot of fun . Spike and Sparkplug go through some seriously scary stuff , and Unicron is the mother of all badguys . What a great movie !!
 Some Trasnformers fans are very bitter people , look past the death of Optimus Prime and you have a heroic coming of age movie which showcases the new Transformers admirably.When evil planet devourer Unicron first graces our screens for the first time , it ' a graphic , destructive sympothy that is only surpassed by the Deceptacon assault on Autobot City Earth , the final encounter between Optimus Prime and Megatron is one of the greatest fight scenes in ANY film , animated or otherwise -LRB- One shall stand ... one shall fall -RRB- , and shows us all that sometimes , the good guys do n't ALWAYS win ... at least for a while.Oh , and pay no attention to some idiotic reviews , Prime 's death IS pretty sad , AND it caused the fracnhise to plummet to levels that ended Generation One ... AND it gave us the whiny , brooding Rodimus Prime , but given that this movie shows us everything that they could have done RIGHT with the character , -LRB- `` Dark Awakening '' and `` The Burden Hardest to Bear '' are other examples of how good Roduimus can be -RRB- and the themes of leadership , sacrifice , and heroism , make this film more than acceptable to people who appreciate it , the TRUE Transformers fans and not ones spoiled by Beast Wars and thier own biased preferences for Optimus Prime
 This movie rocks ! Just if you 're wondering , the Transformers are two legions of robots who war over the control of their home world , Cybertron . These robots convert from vehicle to robot , whenever they please . The good guys are the Autobots
 This movie is one of the coolest if not the coolest , I recommend this for any transformer fan , I own the VHS version of this movie and im getting the DVD from here very soon because I want to see the changes and the cool stuff added to the DVD version of this movie . . I used to love transformers as a kid and I still do , and Megatron will always be my favorite Transformer out of them all because in my opinion I think he 's the coolest , and I 'll say Galvatron is cool too considering Megatron was transformed into Galvatron , but this movie is very very cool , better get a copy of this movie while its still availible !!
 Finally after 13 years I FINALLY see this movie for the first time . I remember when this movie came out I was about 10 years old and I was begging my big brother to take me to go see it . Well he saw it , and left me at home ... Figures . Anyway after 13 years I get to see it , and it was definetely worth the wait . I was entertained from beginning to end . Everything in this movie was done perfectally . From the death of Octimus to Unicrons menacing presence after he transforms to robot form I was astonished . You WILL love this movie if you are a transformer 's fan . Even if you already seen it , I am sure you will enjoy seeing it again . If you havnet seen it yet -LRB- like me , until now -RRB- then definetely buy it NOW !! I usually do n't give 5 stars but considering that this movie was originally made back in 1987 and the storyline , animation , sound and action scenes it definetely deserves 5 stars . Even in today 's age of technology Transformers is still perhaps one of the best movies I have ever seen . 5 STARS . My brother will NOT be watching this movie unless he gets his own copy , he wouldnt take me to see it back then , so he ca n't see it now . Revenge is sweet .
 YES , they killed off old charactors inorder to sell kids the new toys . YES , The music is a bit dated . Yes , There are a few stupid seens.But it works . This movie has a better story then 95 % of the movies i have ever seen animated or not . I was probably 12-13 when i saw this the first time , although im 24 now , it still rocks . Im buying the DVD for when i have kids.IF you are over 12 and have never seen an episode of transfomers this movie is probably not for you .
 as a kid , when the movie came out in theaters I was going out of my Transformers phase so I never bothered to see it ... until now.you have to approach this movie with an open mind , its great ! I admit the soundtrack is kinda cheezy -LRB- it was the 80 's afterall -RRB- but the action packed conflicts between the Autobots and Desepticons make up for it . tons of action , new worlds , new characters ... this movie will have you searching for all your old Transformer toys . true fans - you ca n't go wrong !
 I grew up on the Transformers . My brother and I lived the Transformers . And the movie was awesome then AND now . As a college student , I thought I would never watch Transformers , but , on a whim , I did . It is still amazing . Now , I can appreciate the moving storyline and even forget it is a kid 's cartoon . If you let yourself get into the moment , you will see a truly good movie . Not just a cartoon , but an actual story-driven movie .
 This movie is a must have for all you fans of the series . This movie includes great battles between the always evil decepticons and the great , earth protecting autobots . This movie has all the original characters , which includes Megatron , Optimus Prime , Starscream , Bumblebee and so on . It also introduces you to new characters , such as Galvatron and Cup . The movie is about the planet desroying Unicron , a robot as big as earth , and eats planets for lunch . The heroic autobots save the day -LRB- or do they ? -RRB- , while still fighting the decepticons . This movie is filled with great excitement and fun for everyone .
 I think this is one of the best movies i 've seen . It gives a realism that friends can be killed un-like some cartoons now which try to hide the fact that people die . The soundtrack is perfectly placed in the movie . The song `` The Touch '' is placed right where it belongs and it adds to the effects . Anyone who loves Tranformers if they do n't already have it needs this movie .
 I have loved every aspect of every TRANSFOMERS episode I have ever seen in my life . I got this tape and saw this movie for the first time last year ... I loved it , it had lovable charecters -LRB- like the DINOBOTS -RRB- & unlike almost any saturday/weekday kids show I see , this shows one thing that they do n't show , , , , the good guys getting slagged.I know some people got mad to see some die like Prime , but , it helps target a better audience for the older guys.The soundtrack is great , `` Touch '' is put exactly where it should be , and `` Get '' is at good sequences too -LRB- in my opinion -RRB- . I loved `` Dare to be Stupid '' by Weird Al , this sparked another intrest of mine making the movie even better -LRB- if that 's possible -RRB- . This movie just made me forget my problems and I just see it , , say , , , EVERY DAY now.If you want a good film.THIS IS FOR YOU
 I was browing thru my collection of cartoons recently and found my old Transformers
 Well , without saying much , I 'm a novice Trans Fan & never saw this kind of thing.I found a copy & got it for X-Mas & imediatly put it in my VHS , It was perfect , anybody who loves Transformers & never saw the 80s show should get this & any other videos about it.It is also great for the longtime fan who wants to see it again.In all , get it if you are a fanYOU WO N'T REGRET IT
 Back when I was young there were only two great cartoons on TV , one was G.I. Joe and the other Transformers and now that both of the movies of the same name are on video . Another one of my wishes have came try . Back in 1990 I found the 2 movies on video only at my local video store . I wanted to buy then from the video store , but they were n't for sale . If you 've never seen these movies they are a must see . They are better then the cartoons now-a-days and the story line of the 2 movies are better then any Pokemon or Power Rangers episode . If you are a Transformers or G.I. Joe fan you should move away from that computer or buy it on line right now . Directed by Nelson Shin and featureing the voices of Eric Idle , Leonard Nimoy , Judd Nelson and Olsen Welles . . TRANSFORMERS
 Ahh ... Transformers . A classic series if I ever saw one . I saw it during it 's `` second coming '' in the early 90 's and around ' 93 , right next to the Speed Racer tapes in Blockbuster was Transformers the movie . It amazed me -LRB- and made me cry -RRB- with it 's beutiful animation . When I look back on it with my new -LRB- PG rated -RRB- copy , I think `` What is this ? Mononoke Hime ? '' It 's an excellent film -LRB- though not as good as Mononoke -RRB- , but be warned , many of the ` bots get killed in violent ways . Still , see it !
 This movie will prove to be the best 90 minutes of your life . The first time I saw Transformers
 Being a fan of the original series and of the Beast Wars and newest Beast Machines -LRB- as much as they do not even come close to comparison with the original -RRB- . I have loved this movie ever since it came out . The voices just rock , the soundtrack even more so . Plus just being able to hear Orsen Wells and Leonard Nemoy as Unicron and Ultra Magus just is mind boggling ! A favorite amongst the true fans , this has it all . An epic tale of classic Good VS. Evil and a horrific evil -LRB- Unicron -RRB- that must be overcome by great good -LRB- ca n't say who ... give away the ending -RRB- . Plus , where else can you see a beginning of a movie where a giant planet destroys another world ! NO WHERE ! That 's why Transformers ROCK !
 Every male from the age of 20 to 25 should love this movie . I remember watching this when I was in kindergarten , and have wanted it ever since . I am so excited that the DVD is finally coming out . I think this movie will make an excellent gift . It also sheads some light on the new transformers that is out now and provides background for that series .
 What can I say that has n't already been said ? The movie is just plain awesome . The pace is relentless , the animation is top notch and the soundtrack rocks!I saw it when I was a kid , ten years old when it came out , and I still watch it today . Transformers was always my favorite animated TV show and what a movie to complement it . Deep cast with Orson Wells , Judge Nelson and Leonard Nemoy . It 's really a very high quality movie.I cry every time Optimus bites it . I get chills when Rodimus Prime picks up the Matrix and thrashes Galvatron . It never gets old . I think people that own this movie share a certain brotherhood with others that do . It 's like we can relive our childhood by watching this incredible film . How can you beat that ?
 i think transformers the movie is the bestfilm of that year i think transformers the moviegoes beyond all others transformers the moviethe bestdid you like my revew yes or no
 Great movie with a great soundtrack . One thing I liked about it is that The Autobots and Decepticons did n't join forces to destroy this evil menace called Unicron , like so many other stories do when indroducing a third party that threatens to wipeout both sides of good and evil . Now if only it can be released to DVD with a bonus feature of having the music video The Touch performed by Stan Bush on it .
 I loved this movie ! I first saw it when I was 4 years old and saw it on a fuzzy beta video . I have been looking for this video forever ! BUY IT !
 Transformers The Movie has always been a classic animated show for me ever since I was a kid . However , this re-releasing of this movie has lost a part in it . I recall the `` original '' showing Optimus Prime when he was younger and on the planet Cybertron prior to the Decepticons over-taking the planet . The film actually showed the downfall of Cybertron , and how Prime at that time had been injured then rebuilt by an older autobot . My question is what happened to this missing link ? It has an important factor in this movie ... If anyone can answer this question please tell me.SincerelyAndrew
 the special features to me seemed rather annorexic . i would have expected a lil more meat on them . i was hoping they could do a little better than have susan blu , the voice of a character not central to the story , in an interview segment . the interviews with nelson shin made me feel like i was watching some old crappy godzilla movie with all the subtitles . the deleted scenes/test footage was a total joke as they went too fast that anyone prone to epeleptic seizures would be having one while watching . also they did n't really offer much . the Q&A ; was kinda cute . the trailers were cool to see but of the 8 or so that they put on the disc they all pretty much looked and sounded the same -LRB- minor differences being the announcer saying `` now playing '' instead of `` opens friday '' -RRB- kinda gets grating after the first 2 or 3 . some of the vintage toy commercials looks like they scoured their VHS collection for whatever they could find . you mean to tell me that a media/electronics giant like sony ca n't use some of that high tech wizzardry to clean those commercials up ? for christs sake i could see the noise lines from the tape . have yet to watch with commentary or the activate autobot city feature but after what i have seen i am almost afraid to ... the one thing i can honestly say they did perfectly was clean up the picture . the colors are vivid and sharp . the backgrounds seem more lively . as a whole the picture seems much brighter and for this reason alone i gave it four stars . the side by side comparison was a nice touch too . kinda a `` look what we can do '' thing . but as for the interviews ? i mean i doubt that any of the actors are gon na be remembered for their roles in this film -LRB- hell ... nimoy at one time did n't like being associated with the spock character . doubt that ? look for `` i am not spock '' written by the pointy eared man himself -RRB- but i also doubt that sony BMG even asked them for an interview . would have been cool to get their take on doing the movie.and that 's my take ... . dear lord i have transformed into a babbling idiot ...
 Okay , now the movie is great , but I have a question . Does anybody know of a second Transformers movie where Optimus Prime comes back -LSB- from the dead -RSB- and challanges Rodimus Prime ? It was so long ago and I ca n't find anything about it . Let me know if you have or heard of it .
 CHEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEZE!Not the best in animated cinema , so why give it 4 stars ? You 're reading the ramblings of a die hard Transformers fan . Not the greatest example of Transformers lore , so why did I buy it anyway after seeing it before many times ? You ca n't truely call yourself a Transfan unless you can put up with the rushed POS that was this movie . And we all love this movie for it ! I ca n't quite explain it , you just need to be a child of the 80s to understand.When I first saw it in theaters I was disappointed that they pretty much took what could simply be a mini series on Saturday mornings and put it up on the big screen . No advanced animation to be seen like there would be in Disney movies . About the only thing that IDed this to be a feature film was the corny hair band music that was , popular back then , put in place of the original Transformers cartoon soundtrack.Sure , if you 're just looking for Oscar worthy performances or a movie cartoon for your kid , ignore this and go straight to `` Megas XLR '' . Though they have n't made a movie out of it yet . Or get something from the DC animated series of titles like Superman or Batman -LRB- original or Beyond -RRB- .
 I went to see this movie when I was a teen in the theaters . It was an awesome movie to see in the theaters . Now my son is into the Transformers and found my VHS of the movie and plays it all the time . He actually likes it better than ARMADA , ENERGON BEAST WARS and MACHINE WARS . About 4 years ago I went thru a lot of trouble getting a VHS of the movie -LRB- It took me over a year of searching and finally I got it from a Canadian video company -RRB- . I 'm glad to see the DVD has come out . It is a great movie a lot of action , humor and watching it with my son he sees that war has consequences . Every now and then we will put sound thru the stereo and put the headphones on . Now I got to get the DVD because he may wear out the VHS .
 I would n't exactly say that `` Transformers The Movie '' is the best animated movie out there but it ranks up there . It 's a classic and deserves some reconition . The animation is flawed in some scenes but I think the soundtrack makes up for it . But everytime I watch it , it just makes me feel like a kid again .
 This is still an excellent movie , but it has added dialouge at the beggining and at the end , which takes away from the original version .
 what happened to cartoons like Transformers and GI Joe ? today , cartoons are too gay and retarded . if you have n't seen Transformers the movie , then you are missing out on probably one of the best animated movies of all time . it is violent , emotional , and the storyline is unmatchable . all of the heavyweights of the transformer universe are in this movie . if you have n't seen this yet , you are doing a great injustice to your senses .
 I remember the growing up in the 80 's with my favorite gear jamming , throttle slamming Autobots . Now my five year old son is doing the same with Beast Machines and Beast Wars . Now that he has seen the true origanal Transformers , he says `` Beast who ? '' . This is one for all times-Till All Are One !
 this film is to cool to be put into words watch it yourself you will love it
 First of all unlike the amazon review says , we all know that Soundwave is not an autobot . I have yet to see this version as it is the re-release of the U.K. version , this one features scolling Star Wars-like text at the beggining and added narration at the end of the movie . However , this is the greatest movie ever for those of you who are Transformers fans .
 This film is truly the pinnacle of animated entertainment . The film contains all of the hallmarks of a masterwork . And , needless to say , Unicron is the most sinister , haughty , and calculating villain of all time -- that is to say , he is my favorite transformer ever . Do not delay -- purchase this film and relive the memories .
 This is the best animated movie of all time . No stupid computer animation , just a good old hand made cartoon . If you have not seen this movie you have missed something BIG . Buy it TODAY .
 Transformers the movie will literally blow you away . The portrayal of an ensuing war between the heroic autobots and backstabbing mofos the decepticons has never been more brilliant with excellent animation , topnotch voice acting , convincing character development , enthralling action , and most of all it is appropriate enough to show your younger brothers and nephews . Screw Go-bots , Power Rangers , and Pokemon . This movie is uncontested to other mecha movies including robotech . Do n't waste time reading reviews . BUY THIS MOVIE IMMEDIATELY AND BY ANY MEANS NECESSARY if you are a fan of mecha-anime .
 I ordered this 3 weeks ago and it still has n't shipped , so do n't expect to have it in your hands anytime soon . Just so you know ...
 What can I say ? I 've seen this movie over 50 times . Literally . This movie will always remain a classic in my eyes . I saw it only once in the theater in 1986 . I just wish I could see it again in the theater . The cast of voice actors was perfect . It is also not common knowledge that it was Orson Welles final perfomance . The soundtrack is also truly awesome . I went through 2 cassette copies until I found the CD . A must have video .
 This Movie is very awesome . I used to watch it when I was young all the time . Now I am 21 , and I still want to see TF
 This has got to be the best animated movie of all time . You ca n't get better story , animation , soundtrack , voice acting ... With numerous stars as the lead roles this movie delivers . If you are looking for fast paced action , lots of cool robots and great animation look no further .
 One of best animation in 80 's ; A now , transformers never die , now we got the beast wars and there transformers too , Well the transformers the movie is a must have . A now , this would be interesting , how about if this was on DVD and animated in 3D computer like the beast wars , Now that would be a creation of gods .
 This movie is very underated , and for those who have seen it , you know all animated movies pale in comparison . An epic tale of ` Good versus Evil , ' this movie will keep you on the edge of your seat . And for those who have not seen it , you ai n't seen nothing yet .
 With a great cast of voices and the theme of TransFormers you ca n't go wrong . This movie has everything that anybody could want . Not to mention the jammin ' 80 's rock that accompanies it .
 this cartoon was a part of my childhood , this cartoon allowed me to expand my imagination . and now that ihave children of my own i want to share my childhood .
 Forget disney , transformers the movies is the best animated movie ever made . Forget the kids , this is not just a young film , it is for all ages . It has everything . The viewing pleasure is out of this world , the action is non-stop . The best thing though is the soundtrack . After watching the film , you will be humming at least 2 of the songs . All emotions are hit . You will cry , get angry , get upset but most of all you 'll wonder why did i not buy this film before ? Many of the voices are provided by famous people eg orsen wells , leonard nimoy , judd nelson to name but a few . Do yourself a favour , buy this film . You 'll never regret it .
 I 'm 25 and will never forget how this movie mesmerized me the first time I 've seen it on the big screen . Ca n't wait for it to be released on dvd . Til then , bah weep granah weep nini bong .
 From the time I saw this at the Tender age of 10 in 1986 . I was blown away and amazed . This was real War ! It made you cheer the heroes , and hate the villians -LRB- in some cases the opposite -RRB- . I laughed , I cried , I was on the edge of my seat!Nothing Disney has ecer produced matches the brilliant quality this drastically overlooked movie had to offer . It took over 100 animators almost 3 years to complete this project -LRB- same for a Disney Film -RRB- and yet it recieves almost no recognition . If you Love Animation , if you love Action , and most of all If you Love Transformers Get this Movie ! You will not be disappointed TILL ALL ARE ONE !
 Bought it for my son and he loves it.I 've been letting him watch all the good shows of the 80s instead of the new stuff and he actually prefers the 80s cartoons.I remember growing up in the 80s and enjoying them and he loves them too .
 love this movie , im glad i found it for such a great price and it shows great on my blu ray player
 This is actually one of my first Bluray discs . I noticed it was region free in the amazon dot UK and it was reasonably priced . This Metronome release works perfect in a US PS3 and other BD Players.It is faithful to the original without being super digitally enhanced in restoration.SONY may NEVER release this in the US , so , grab it .
 I saw this film in the theater with my dad when I was 8 . I LOVED it then and still love it now . My 11 year old -LRB- who has a crush on Shia Lebofe - sp ? -RRB- Thinks I 'm a crazy dad since I far prefer this one to the live action films.That being said , THIS IS A REMASTERING . I 've been searching diligently for an actual first edition original release copy -LRB- obviously wo n't be a DVD -RRB- . They were made only briefly on VHS , were ceased production , then Sony BMG re-released it as attention gained . This IS the highest price , and for an original copy of the first edition release , it 's still low . So , my search will continue , as I 'm sure it will for others too .
 Great movie ! The sound and video quality has been greatly improved on . The original had many dark regions which made it hard to distinguish but this one has cleared all that up . Strongly recommended !
 this is a great movie . an for the price too . dont pass this up cause you got to have it .
 This is a must-have for Transformers fans . Predates the recent Transformers movies by a generation , and it shows -LRB- in a good way -RRB- .
 I bought this for my son ... we saw it in the theater in its initial release and sat on the couch and watched it again.It was fantastic then and now that he is 32 -LRB- oh , my ! -RRB- it 's still terrific.What a story ... how can you go wrong ... outer space - threaten earth - maniacle machines - innocent kids - defenders of all that is good and noble - Orson Wells as a planet -LRB- insert your own joke here -RRB- - Robert Stack the noble , pure warrior - humor - action ; come on supurb.To all I say , Gra Weep Granna Weep Ninni Balm .
 lolThis old , original movie to the cartoon series is just fantastic . Brings back old memories.The storyline here is good , but has lots of holes in it . Also many bots & cons were left out . This isnt a major pitfall for the movie , but does seem to leave it slightly incomplete.Nevertheless , it has a great musical score , lots of great songs here . And the voice acting is second to none.I liked the animation as it is so 80s , which is a good thing!My favorite characters are Kup on the bot side , and Soundwave on the con side.I loved it and paid a higherprice for a copy as it is out of print ; it 's worth it to me . -LSB- 5 stars -RSB-
 I had been putting off buying this one on BluRay because it was n't available in the U.S. Also , to purchase the region free version , most dealers on Amazon charge $ 150-300 dollars for the movie . However , I saw someone who was selling it for $ 30 dollars and I jumped on the chance to buy this one without having to spend a small fortune . Needless to say , it was worth it . The delivery only took one week -LRB- considering it was coming from Australia to the U.S. , that is FAST -RRB- . Package was in mint condition and was everything I could have hoped for . The transfer of the movie to BluRay is faithful , being a significant upgrade from the DVD . The color vibrance and clarity are exactly like the 35mm original print , so it looks exactly as the filmmakers intended . My highest recommendation for any Transformers enthusiast . It has made me a very happy guy ! -LRB- I purchased it from the dealer Westendentertainmment , and they were absolutely great . I 'll gladly buy from them again when they offer something else I am looking for . -RRB-
 It was the best Transformers ever . I liked all the new Transformers , even the ones that changed but are still the same in many ways . Everyone should give this movie a watch . It 's just plain good old fun and enjoyable . So watch it !
 The transformers series , movie , and toy line will always be the best ever , and it is a mystery to me why they ever changed it into the stupid new beast wars . Transformers forever ! -LRB- By the way in the review by Jeremy Storey above , it 's obvious that he 's never seen transformers in his life . He was obviously paid to write down some jibberish . He wrote that Soundwave accompanied the autobots led by Optimus Prime , when in reality Soundwave was a loyal servant to Megatron , and was in fact a decepticon -RRB- .
 TRANSFORMERS
 DO N'T listen to Leonard Maltin ! This movie was incredible . This is supposed to be a science-fiction movie . You should be able to see different varieties of the Transformers . They do look good too . I grew up with Transformers , G. I. Joes , and ThunderCats . This movie stays true to the series , and give you a look into the Autobots and Decepticons that you could never find in the series . The soundtracks is also intense . I loved the soundtrack . I loved the movie .
 I ca n't believe my eyes . I grew up with the transformers . This movie is by far the best animation movie in US history , no pon intended on any disney movies . But , the transformers series is a cult . I remember the days when I rushed home after school to see the series .
 Like many , I was excited about this re-release from Rhino . Bought it tonight -LRB- 10/5 -RRB- , got home , and found out it is no different than my FHE -LRB- Family Home Entertainment -RRB- version . For anyone who already has it and looking to buy it because you think it is enhanced , do n't bother . The movie is NOT in stereo , mono only . This is NOT the uncut version as one of the reviewers have stated . This is a straight re-release of the FHE version . The only noteworthy item is the fact that after the opening credits an opening synopsis appears in Star Wars like fashion , narrated by Victor Carroli . I believe that came from the Japanese version . There are versions out there that are uncut -LRB- Spike 's infamous `` oh s ** t '' line -RRB- . That may be worth a purchase for you if you already own the cut one . Anyway I feel that anyone who does n't own this movie , this would be a great buy and an opportunity to own a great film and a piece of nostalgia . Audiophiles and sticklers for details like myself , steer clear , nothing new here . I guess a DVD version is our only hope for getting a real theatrical release and killer sound . Note to Rhino or any other video production company
 Everyone who does not give this movie five stars is `` NUTS '' . This is the ultimate movie ever . There is no other cartoon on it 's level or even near it 's level out there not even the new episode 's all of the old episode 's `` ROCK '' the only other cartoon 's I give credit to is GI_JOE & THUNDERCATS . All these `` LAME $ @@ '' other cartoon 's are a joke when it come 's to `` TRANSFORMERS '' ! TILL ALL IS ONE . For ever hail the greatest cartoon ever made `` TRANSFOMERS '' .
 There is one big difference in watching this movie in 2007 and watching it in 1986 - now it 's your money you are spending and not your parents.I was born in 1977 , so I remember just being old enough -LRB- 9 years old -RRB- to sit with just my little 7 year-old brother beside me when this movie rocked us . Sure , I had watched as many episodes as possible on Saturdays -LRB- I likely saw them all -RRB- , but this movie offered new venues for the classic and new characters of Transformers.What is interesting is that I saw this movie only one time - back in the summer of 1986 with my kid brother . When I saw it available on DVD recently , I only remembered a couple things . -LRB- 1 -RRB- That there were two cuss words in the script -LRB- plus `` hell '' in one of the songs -RRB- , and -LRB- 2 -RRB- the story was epic . Funny what you remember , no ? I also remember that I was a little prude back then , so I was quite disgruntled to hear that sour language , let alone to actually watch Transformers die ! I did n't think it was possible , especially not seeing any cartoon character die , even G.I. Joe and his adversaries . Everybody just had bad aim back in the 80s ... until this movie came out . All of a sudden , cartoons are dying . -LRB- Robots , even ! -RRB- I just received my DVDs today . Of course , I just got done watching the movie right now . -LRB- Could n't wait . -RRB- Here is what I have to say about this DVD set.First off , the movie rocked me right here , right now . Sure , I forgot lots of details as I only saw this movie once before , but this tale is gripping ! I also wanted to get out my Aqua Net hairspray and headbang to the soundtrack . Dude , this piece is so awesome . They say that they re-did the animation and coloring , but I did n't give a hoot . I just sat there rockin ' out , man . Every shot , every line , every friggin ' toy I wish my parents had the money to buy me ... everything was there.Of course , I am 30 now , and now I got money . Problem
 Having been a Transformers fan since birth ... this is an amazingly great remastering of a cartoon classic . I purchased the VHS a number of years ago while it was under the Rhino label and was disappointed -LRB- lack of actual intro with actors ' names -RRB- . Watching the 20th Anniversary edition was as if I were watching it for the first time ! The colors were vibrant and alive , very similar to the original toy colors . Not to mention the special features ... all of which add an extra dimension to the film that have been absent from earlier editions.Overall , I could not be more pleased with this movie and highly recommend .
 For those of us who grew up watching the Transformers cartoon every day after school in the early 1980s , the movie came as quite a shock . Most of us , at that early , impressionable age , were unprepared for the much darker tone and the increased level of violence , including some of the show 's most popular and beloved characters getting quickly killed off in the first few opening scenes . Transformers
 I absolutely love this DVD . It comes with 2 discs , FS and WS edition !! Tons and tons of extras and a sneek peak at the new Transformers movie due out July 4 , 2007 ! Awesome , awesome , awesome is all I can say . Definitely soothed my inner child !
 The DVD is great . I ca n't believe its been over 20 years since the original first episode aired . The sound and picture is upgraded and remastered , but the picture is only a modest improvement . The biggest plus and the only reason why I bought this DVD is the Widescreen format that was n't included in the original Full-Screen DVD release . The DVD features are n't anything to jump out of your seat for . The box cover is nice and comes with a cool hologram.Definite buy if you do n't own the original . If you do own the original and do n't care for the widescreen version or bonus features you might want to skip out on this one .
 I love this film!First of all , I grew up with the show that inspired this film , since its primere almost 2 decades ago , and I honestly have to say two things
 Instant classic . Love those toys as well , even though they 're all gone now . Great animation with a wicked soundtrack . Visual and sounds are awesome on large plasma and high end sound system . Ca n't wait for the live action movie .
 Wow , has it been 20 yrs already ?! What i wouldnt give to travel back in time to the 80 's ! If i could , then i would go see it again in the theatre with friends and fellow fans AND i would buy all the transformers toys and not open them so that i could sell them in the future!I mean come on , an orignal jetfire misb -LRB- unopened -RRB- sells for 500 bucks!Anyways , i think we would all do that , not just me.Im so glad that i held off on buying the transformers `` special `` edition.I had a gut feeling that they would release an anniversary edition , especially since they confrimed the live action movie for next summer.Not only is this a must have for fans , it should be for everybody.If you are a mom or dad reading this , please buy it for them.They might not understand it at first but just let them know ` this was the cartoon that i watched when i was your age ' . Im 26 , and believe it or not i still feel like a little kid inside.I remember my mom taking me to see `` the movie `` in 1986 , and til this day i remember shedding a couple of tears when i saw optimus prime die.I 've been a life long transformers fan and will continue to be til im in my 70 's ! -LRB- god willing -RRB- I have made it my goal to collect all my favorite cartoons on dvd -LRB- he-man , thundercats , voltron , g.i.joe , etc. -RRB- , for if one day i have kids , i want them to be fans as well.Thats also because those cartoons that i watched tought me morals , to share things , to not do bad things or hurt other people.Im sorry to say that i think thats why kids today dont listen or are disobident , the cartoons on today dont teach morals , it 's all fight fight fight!This is why i encourage parents today who were also fans to buy this dvd or the others that i mentioned for thier kids.LONG STORY SHORT , this is one transformer dvd EVERYONE -LRB- even if your not a die hard fan -RRB- MUST OWN ! ... Nuff said !
 Coming up on 20 years , Transformers is still a total blast . The plot is compelling , the 80 's soundtrack is rockin ' and the drama is intense . If only they made movies like this today !
 This movies links the first two seasons of the cartoon series to the last two seasons , and is quite possibly the best Transformers DVD you can get . It features an epic battle between the Autobots and the Decepticons which results in Optimus Prime 's death . Megatron is reformated by a new , planet-sized transformer called Unicron into Galvatron . Starscream and a number of classic characters get killed and new ones are introduced . By the end , the Autobots have a new leader , Rodimus Prime!If you do n't get any other Transformers DVDs , but are still a fan of the series , get this movie . The action is intense and the animation is great . The final battle between Megatron and Optimus Prime alone is well worth the money , and throw on the first appearance of Unicron in transformers history .
 what can i say about this its great from the voice acting to the epic battles even the cheesey music you cant help but sing along with an be real you know ya all sing the touch during the fights lol final words weather its for the flashback factor or your a tf junkie or wan na see good sci-fi get thistransform and roll out
 Obviously no one special edition DVD is going to satisfy every fan of a franchise as pervasive as the Transformers . It 's continuities are all over the spectrum and their individual fanbases are famously , fiercely loyal . But insofar as paying homage to each subsequent franchise by paying homage to the first , Generation 1 , this DVD certainly comes close to knocking it out of the park.Having owned several incarnations of this film in various formats -LRB- the U.S. VHS , followed by the Canadian release - which reintroduced Spike 's infamous expletive - to the initial DVD to , finally , this one -RRB- I have to say first and foremost that the color-correction and digital remastering are absolutely phenomenal . So much so that a layman like myself can actually notice the difference without a side by side comparison . -LRB- Which , you 'll be glad to know , they include anyway , just in case -RRB- The colors are noticeably brighter and more vivid , without drawing attention away from the drama . In fact , the remastering is so crisp that I found myself actually noticing aspects of the action in both foreground and background that I had not noticed before , even after having seen this film upwards of two hundred times in my life . That this newly enhanced version allows me to revisit the film and discover something new makes it already worth its $ 20.00 price tag.But let 's be honest ; special editions are bought for the icing , not the cake . And more than anything , you 're dying to know about the extras . Trust me on this , you are . There has n't yet been a review that puts the DVD extras in the context in which they were intended.Extras :16 x9 Widescreen presentation
 Let me say first that those hoping for a true theatrical widescreen format will be disappointed . The movie was released in theaters in a higher aspect ratio than 16x9 which means it had to be modified to fit in both 16x9 and 4x3 format . In the widescreen format , the entire left and right sides of the movie is displayed , but rather than slightly letterbox the movie , about an inch was cropped off both the top and bottom . You can see this very clearly in the scene with the beakers breaking at the very beginning of the movie where in the full screen version you can see the tops of the beakers while in the widescreen version you can not.The fullscreen version is the opposite . They cropped the left and right sides and left the top and bottom intact . So basically if you watch the widescreen you lose part of the top and bottom of the movie and if you watch the fullscreen you lose the left and right side . Neither edition is complete and each edition has more visible area than the other . The widescreen format has less cropping , but it is still cropped.The back of the case says the movie is remastered and color corrected . I compared this version with the special edition movie DVD from Rhino that was released in 2000 , which also claims to be remastered . The color does look a bit brighter in this release , so overall it does look better.There are also a lot more features in the edition than there was in Rhino 's release including a Japanese transformers episode never before seen in the US . There is also a `` pop-up video '' version of the movie with bits of interesting trivia which the DVD calls the ` Autobot Matrix of Knowledge ' . There is both official and fan movie commentary in the widescreen version , but not in the fullscreen version . The 2nd disc contains a number interviews and bonus DVD-ROM content . The box claims there are easter eggs on both discs but so far I 've only found some on the first one.One of the downsides I 've found besides the widescreen issue is that the audio track can not be changed on the fly -LRB- at least on my player -RRB- . I 'm not sure why this was disallowed and it may not bother others , but I found it annoying that I could not switch audio tracks without restarting the movie.Overall if you 're a Transformers fan you 'll want to add this to your collection . It is a good release , but it lacks perfection because of the lack of an actual theatrical widescreen version .
 That 's right , while other toy franchises have come and gone -LRB- and the sooner Pokemon goes the better IMHO -RRB- Transformers has kept its loyal band of followers through the years . What differentiates it from the usual cash-in movie , is the amount of effort which has gone in to make this simply a good movie . The writers and producers ovbiously had a love for the subject , as the quality of the script is superb . It ranges all the emotions , even giving saving private ryan a run for it 's money in the `` war is hell '' stakes . Featuring the deaths of major characters and the erosion of hope in the good guys , the storyline is quite mature for basically a kiddy movie . The continuity is sometimes lax -LRB- where does Blaster go to after the battle of Autobot city ? -RRB- and the animation quality is varied , but the voice acting is superb -LRB- Leonard Nimoy and Orson Welles both feature -RRB- , which along with the script , fleshes out the characters and gives a good heart to the film . The essential good versus bad cartoon . Buy this -LRB- and Iron Giant ;-RRB- instead of a yellow mutant rabbit , and you wo n't be disappointed .
 Just got TRANSFORMERS - The movie -LRB- 20th Anniversary Special Edition -RRB- and wow am I impressed by the huge differance from the original DVD release from exactly 6 years from the date of this new release . As a kid who grew up in the 80 's loving these things it was great to get the DVD when it first came out a few years back . When I heard it was going to be re-released as a 2 disc set with remastered picture and a better 5.1 surround sound mix I knew I was in for a treat . What I did not expect was the set to be loaded with so many extras , many which have especially been created just for this new 20th Anniversary Special Edition . You even get a sneak peek at the Trailer for Transformers live action film which comes out 7/4/2007 . Below is a comparison of the original 2000 DVD release and the new 2006 20th Anniversary Special Edition DVD.The original Transformers
 Unlike most fans or kids from the 80 's I did n't have the honor to watch the Transformers tv series as a kid . The only giant robot show i watched in the 90 's was Power Rangers and Gundams . Fortunatly though , I got hooked on the Michael Bay live action film so I wanted to watch/play anything Transformers related . So I bought this U.K. import of the animated 1980 's film . I 'm not going to really critisize the features on the blue ray version . It is dissapointing not to get deleted scenes , commentary , etc. . I 'm going to critique the story and how they portray the characters.In my opinion this has got to be one of the best transformers films I 've seen by far . The story is pretty solid and unique for it 's time but it may confuse viewers of my generation at times . For example , the weapon that the Autobots use to kill Unicron is called `` The Matrix '' . Everytime I hear that I think of the keanu reeves movie . Also , I ca n't help but feel that this movie was somewhat inspired by starwars at times . The transformer that is shaped like a planet reminds me of the death star , the female autobot looks like she has princess lei hair , and when they activate the matrix you can hear lightsaber sounds , and supposedly the begining of the film was suppose to start with starwars like text at the begining of the film to inform the plot to non transformers fans.One of the biggest and controversial scenes I 've seen in the movie is the death of optimus prime . I heard that many kids left the theaters crying because they could n't believe that the main character died so early in the film and in a brutal way . Seriously , if you think that the Michael Bay films are a bit violent these ones sure do pack quite a punch . Literally 15 transformers get killed in the first battle sequence of the movie . Also there are two scenes where swearing is involved , the worse is when a guy screams `` OH SH@T! What will we do now ?! '' So be careful when showing this movie to kids . I would n't show it to them unless theyre 8 years old.All in all , it 's a good film and it ties number 1 when the First Live action Transformers film .
 Those who want to know what this DVD is all about should first consider what it is not : Transformers The Movie is not a critically acclaimed hit and those who do n't have childhood memories of the Transformers Saga would probably not rank this as one of their top animated films.Most people who purchase this DVD know exactly what they 're getting
 Films like this are funny since waves of nostalgia completely hit you , remembering what toys you had , and how much of a pain they were , or just simply how awesome it was . While I was actually more a Beast Wars fan , Transformers always held that special place in my youth , along Ninja Turtles , G.I Joe , or Tiny Toons Adventures . Upon first release , this movie believe it or not was panned with many critics hating it . But as always , it developed into a cult film and people loved it . Released in a Anniversary edition , but also to tie in to the forthcoming live-action film , this is probably the best the film has ever looked and it helps since it 's so awesome.A huge moon-sized Transformer named Unicron proceeds to completely engulf a moon base and mash it to pieces while absorbing it . Meanwhile , the Decepticons , led by Megatron , find a perfect opportunity to lead an assault against the Autobots . The battle has heavy casualities including a massive one in Optimus Prime . The Autobots find themselves chased by the Decepticons as well as the foreboding threat of Unicron.One can not think of the Transformer movie without thinking of the death of Optimus Prime . This is essentially like if they wrote Bugs Bunny out of Warner Bros. cartoons or got rid of Mickey Mouse from Disney . While it most likely will infuriate diehards as well as bum out kids , it 's handled extremely well and not done just to create false emotion . Oddly though I ca n't even remember when I first saw it but even being in my 20 's , it 's still quite a powerful scene.Does the movie fumble ? Well , I guess in 2 areas
 After 17 years , this is still the greatest animated movie ever .
 I grew up on the animated series `` The Transformers '' . The animation back then is considered outdated by today 's standards and the writing is relatively cheesy yet entertaining . And of course due to popularity , there had to be a Transformers movie . Here the animation is vastly superior than the original series . Unfortunately in the movie a lot of classic characters were killed off to introduce new characters . When I first saw this movie as a kid , I was thoroughly disappointed to see Optimus Prime killed off as well as Prowl , Ironhide , Rachet , Wheeljack , etc. . etc. . . . Thankfully the dinobots remained intact -LRB- although where the heck was Snarl the stegosaurus in the movie ? -RRB- as well as Bumblebee , Jazz , and Cliffjumper -LRB- the few classic characters that remained on board -RRB- . Of course on the decepticon side , some of my favorite characters were changed
 Set in 2005 , Transformers the Movie illuminates on the continual good vs. evil epics of so many less classy animated features . It gave back my childhood in a sense.This animated cartoon suceeds where its kinfolk like G.I.Joe have failed . While the G.I. Joe movie had its momments , I really could n't wait for it to end . Orsen Wells outdid himself with Transformers . I never wanted the 86 minutes to be over . This flick is top notch ... no questions asked.I got it the day it came out a few weeks ago , and like all the classic films , i.e. Top Gun and Braveheart to name a few , this one gets onto the ' I remember watching that movie once a week for six months list . ' I remember seeing this movie in the movie theatres , yes it was released , and the only thing I remember was Optimus Prime dying . I remember it moving me when I was young , and it still moves me today . And while this moment in the beginning of the film is haunting and melancholic it gets you very amped up for the rest of the film.The comedic preformance of the simple dinobots does what Jar-Jar failed to do . It added humor to a hard edged story line . I 'd offer a money back guarantee on this movie if I could . I stand by it.For the Anime people , if you like any of the the gundam wings , or robo ... movies this is for you.Also , if anyone from Amazon reads this , Shockwave was a decepticon , not an autobot !
 I have probobally seen this movie a few times . I got into transformers when I was a little kid too but it was around the 90 's . This movie contains a lot of good scenes that will entertain young and old fans of the transformers series .
 I grew up in the era of G.I.Joe , Thudercats , Voltron , and The Transformers . Now they 've got Pokemon , and Barney . Sissy cartoons - with no real storyline . Do your kids a favor , buy this movie . Vote for it to be formatted to DVD . This movie has a great storyline , theme , and plot . The animation is crisp & flowing . I own the soundtrack as well and let me tell you , it rocks , and it 's perfectly mixed into the movie . My friends - this is a breakthrough movie !
 Transformers is truly a great movie . Vote for the DVD edition so it will come out !
 I saw this movie when I was eight years old and I loved it . I watched the transformers series on T.V. during the 80 's and the movie was icing ont he cake . It went more indepth into the lives of the transformers which made even more entertaining . Every true transformer fan should watch it .
 Well , without saying much , I 'm a novice Trans Fan & never saw this kind of thing.I found a copy & got it for X-Mas & imediatly put it in my VHS , It was perfect , anybody who loves Transformers & never saw the 80s show should get this & any other videos about it.It is also great for the longtime fan who wants to see it again.In all , get it if you are a fanYOU WO N'T REGRET IT
 Well , without saying much , I 'm a novice Trans Fan & never saw this kind of thing.I found a copy & got it for X-Mas & imediatly put it in my VHS , It was perfect , anybody who loves Transformers & never saw the 80s show should get this & any other videos about it.It is also great for the longtime fan who wants to see it again.In all , get it if you are a fanYOU WO N'T REGRET IT
 For any kid growing up in the 80 's , Transformers has the be their favorite show ! As any of us 80 's kids will tell you , it 's the BEST SHOW EVER ! And of course , any show this wicked gets a movie , right ? Seriously though everyone , ignore Maltin 's review ; he 's a stingy old man when it comes to this . For all of us that grew up loving The Transformers , its pure brilliance . The movie is wicked . And the soundtrack ! Any fan of 80 's music will have to appreciate that part of it ! Watch this , and trust me
 Orson Welles began his career with Citizen Kane , and ended it with Transformers , and frankly I could n't tell you which is better . If you want fluffy warmness buy the Care Bears home video . Even GI Joe looks like Romper Room compared to this movie . Buy extra copies in case you wear out your originals !
 This is such an awesome movie . I could watch it all the time . Transformers were the best toys when i was a kid and they still rock now . The movie was kicked and everybody should buy it !
 I loved this movie ! I first saw it when I was 4 years old and saw it on a fuzzy beta video . I have been looking for this video forever ! BUY IT !
 That line alone upon seeing it as a young child I remember causeing my jaw to drop as Optimus transformed and began to hunt down Megatron.This movie could very well have set the bar for the future Transformer series but soon after this movie the series came to an end in the states.This in my eye 's was the pinicle of Transformers in the state and by all rights could have been used as a means to close up the entire series with the death of the old leader and the rise of the new leader along with the ending scene declareing the end of the Cybertronian War.For its time this movie was great and I still enjoy poping this in every once and awhile cause I still grit my teeth at seeing things such as Beast Wars and Armada flashing the Transformer name on it . Generation I was the pinicle of this franchise and is where it honostly should have ended .
 I went to see this movie when I was a teen in the theaters . It was an awesome movie to see in the theaters . Now my son is into the Transformers and found my VHS of the movie and plays it all the time . He actually likes it better than ARMADA , ENERGON , BEAST WARS and MACHINE WARS . About 4 years ago I went thru a lot of trouble getting a VHS of the movie -LRB- It took me over a year of searching and finally I got it from a Canadian video company -RRB- . I 'm glad to see the DVD has come out . It is a great movie a lot of action , humor and watching it with my son he sees that war has consequences . Every now and then we will put sound thru the stereo and put the headphones on . Now I got to get the DVD because he may wear out the VHS .
 The movie brought back a lot of old memories from my childhood . I bought the movie for my girlfriend 's son who is four and he absolutely loves the movie . The only thing you have to watch it the few little curse words that fly out . Other than that , the movie is great and will keep your child , or yourself if you are a fan , highly entertained .
 This movie is the ultimate thing if youre a transformer fan.The story is about a monster planter that destroys everything in its path.The only thing that fears is the autobots meatrix of leadership.Megatron becomes Gelvatron and lots more ...
 I was 9 years old when this movie came out . I loved it then , and now at 25 years-old , I love it even more !! There is nothing negative to say about this movie whatsoever . The art is beautiful and the story fits the characters well . It is a must have for anyone who collects anime .
 I was 10 when I saw the movie the first time in the theaters . I relived that experience when I bought this DVD . It is full screen , not letterbox or widescreen . Sound is crisp and clear with full bass response . Video is sharp and colorful . Arcee looks better than ever . Special features are lacking -LRB- no trailers -RRB- but it still rocks just the same !
 I was 10 when I saw the movie the first time in the theaters . I relived that experience when I bought this DVD . It is full screen , not letterbox or widescreen . Sound is crisp and clear with full bass response . Video is sharp and colorful . Arcee looks better than ever . Special features are lacking -LRB- no trailers -RRB- but it still rocks just the same !
 ... in the days of rip-offs and remakes , I feel that this movie still needs to see its day of being remade . But since that is not going to happen anytime soon , I suggest you purchase this wonderful peice of work . If your reading this review you obviously liked or loved The Transformers , so quite reading this and purchase it , you know it rocks . It does n't have many `` specal features '' but if thats the only reason you purchase DVD 's then I suggest you get out of your parents basement and get a life . Buy this and love it .
 The movie is a classic as the animated cartoons in the mid eighties that I follow every day.The Autobots led by Optimus Prime must fight the evil Decepticons led by Megatron in a battle that is stablished on Earth after the Decepticons forces Autobots to travel across space from their home planet Cybertron to Earth.This long feature is quite different from the episodes that I saw in Spain.There 's violence in form that the leader of Autobots is killed by Megatron and after its succesor which makes me cry when I see it.The plot is good with good f/x . Good dvd .
 Well , I pre-ordered my DVD a few months ago , hoping it would be different from the Rhino Kids release on VHS . The good news is , they dropped the scrolling intro . Unfortunately , there 's nothing else to really set this appart . No letterbox , no deleted scenes that I could notice -LRB- no profanity -RRB- , and next to no special features . The interview with Vince diCola was alright , though his voice was pretty annoying . The storyboards of deleted scenes left me wanting more . They had about a dozen shots . Most made little sense . All things considered , I 'm pretty happy with my DVD -LRB- especially for the price -RRB- , but I 'm still waiting for a `` true '' collector 's edition , uncensored , and in letterbox .
 I remember this movie way back in the day , even if the TV show was just to lube up the viewers for the toys it was a fun half-hour long commercial that I still enjoy today ! last month I was going through my old video collection when i found a tape with no label . I popped it in and up comes my favourite scene of megatron and optimus battling it out ! The last thing in the world i ever expected to see , but now after years of neglect the tape is worn and has poor tracking -LRB- im sure the additional 10 times i 've watched it in the last week and a half havent helped all that much -RRB- so i decided to get a new VHS version then I thought why not get a DVD version then i wont have to worry about tracking , I get those spiffy added features , and lots of other fun things ! Its been more than 10 YEARS ! since i 've seen a transformers G1 TV show but im in love with em all over again I even brought up my big box-o-transformers from my basement ... some may call me excentric , or obsesive but i could never bring myself to through 'em away . The thought of Optimus being melted down and reycled , or buried , or crushed was too much ! long story short - I dont care if you havent seen this movie since it was in the movies u 'll still love it the animation was great for an 80 's show and is still pretty good by todays standards i can point out a few shows with poorer animation and weaker plots and storylines but i wont ! If you have kids odds are they 'll love it so do it for your kids ensure the future of tommorow today show them trnsformers the movie and transformers G1 !
 There 's no other movie like that , even though it 's merchandising at its best . Action , excitement , adventures , awesome soundtrack ... this movie has it all !
 I saw this movie when I was 9 and the animation just blew me away . It 's been missing for almost ten years now and when I saw it again it still had the same effect . For any one who ca n't quite let go of the 1980 's two hours of after school cartoons this is the movie to own ! This is for anyone who was the cool kid on the block for owning the Optimus Prime action figure -LRB- the first one not the remake -RRB- this is the movie for you .
 Today , my best friend Mike brought over Transformers
 I dont know how long I have waited for this movie to come onto DVD , but its about time . I remember when it first came out on the series . Watching this movie brings back my childhood . Everything about this movie is one of a kind , plot , characters , and soundtrack . I have never again seen a movie that takes me as much as this one . I hope kids today who missed out watching it back in nthe 80 's get a chance to see it and love it as I do .
 The Transformers started out as one long commercial for the toy line , but the release of this movie signified its rebirth as a classic series . The movie is great , with action and humor applenty , and is thankfully written by americans , so those tired of anime need have no fear . If you 're looking for romance , look elsewhere ; this movie is for those looking for 86 minutes of good entertaiment . Note to parents
 I had grown up on Transformers and had lost much of my memory as to what the whole story was about . This film was awesome . It had tons of action and was full of all your favorite characters . Not only action but the film also has scenes of drama . There were a couple of scenes that get to me even now after all these years . This film is a must see for all of those children that watched Transformers
 At last , the long-awaited release of one of the immortal animation of all time . You 've heard what the others have said about this flick . I put 10 times more praise to that . This flick , as already been said before , is the ultimate collection for TRUE Tranformers fans ... especially it 's already out on DVD ! I do n't want to repeat mentioned on this board , just read it and you wo n't regret it ! TRANSFORMERS RULES FOREVER !
 This is the best film ever made . I do n't think Ultramagnus ever fully realised the pressure on him to fill Prime 's boots . And damn you , Galvatron ! It has everything , from love , hate , anger , joy , a quasi-love-triangle , and even Orson Welles . A Citizen Cane for the ' 80 's kids ? Oh , I think so . Now , lets have Thundercats the Movie as well , to sit alongside G I Joe and this , and make my life complete . Oh , but some episodes of M.A.S.K and He Man , and Magical Lost Cities of GOld and Dungeons and Dragons would be nice . Oh God . I want original Transofrmers toys as well !! Help !!!!!
 Transformers
 Just as the Transformers DVD collector 's set , this is another example of a must in your collection . A classic and awsome adventure into the world of the Transformers Gen-1 !
 Ok hear we go transformers the Movie is by far the best of all US flordia Transformers Released my only regret is not being able to see the japan Transformers 2 movies made .
 best movie ever I have n't seen it in over 7 years and I still ca n't stop thinking about the show . No matter what they do for the trans formers the first 2 seasons are still the best ones ever made and if the come back to show the old seasons i will watch then again .
 As something of an japanimation fan today , I went back to see this again . While it lacks the intense raw edge savagery and majic that are potent to newer MA shows like Outlaw Star , the sheer scale of the animation has seldom seen equal . I kid you not , some scenes are as intense today as those in Private Ryan . The robots are fed live into the evil of Unicron . I disagree with other commentators somewhat . The TV show and The Movie were spawn of different realms . I see the TF televised series as fitting with Justice League and Scooby Doo on afternoon TV . Kid stuff for when I was 8 . But this movie belongs on every TF fan 's shelf . It takes the energy of our imaginations then , and reminds us today of that world in a way we can understand now . I saw it in the theater , and its best enjoyed there ! Something like the fun and fear of watching Army of Darkness ... Unicron belongs on the BIG screen ! Some movies , like TF and JP -LRB- Jurassic Park -RRB- are n't the same without the big screen . This movie was 20 years ahead of its audience ! No one wanted to see heros die when we were 8 ! If you enjoy early anime - macross , gundams , or akira types especially - watching this rare gem from marvel comics animation , is as good as it gets . Go visit the friend with the HDTV set and surround sound , though ! If you do n't remember the transformers -LRB- do you even remember college after all those parties ?! -RRB- the good guys have the red patch and the bad guys have the purple . 100 % Classic ! Support a theatrical re-release !! Oh yeah , cast included
 one of the BEST MOVIES EVER . It 's got action , sex -LRB- there 's that female bot whats-her-name -RRB- and bad language -LRB- Ultra Magnus
 This movie is a classic for any fan of the Transformers television series . It includes cameos by many of the original Autobots and Decepticons , a new , earth-shattering villain , and even the occasional profanity from the characters when they get into a jam . There are also excellent voice roles by Leonard Nimoy , Eric Idle , Robert Stack , Judd Nelson and Orson Welles . The plot makes radical , permanent changes to the original cast of characters -LRB- some tragically -RRB- and introduces a variety of new ones along the way.As for the quality of the DVD itself , both the sound and video are significantly clearer and sharper than the VHS edition . Fans who were disappointed by the murky translation to VHS will be pleased with the cleaner feel of the DVD.On the down side there are minimal DVD extras other than a storyboard and a `` transforming '' main menu . Sadly , it includes none of the additional material that was included in the European release of the movie .
 Ok it has all been said about this movie so let me just say this rocks !!!! First it is the real transformers not this beastwars stuff ! if you like the old stuff this is the movie for you
 Many of the classic cartoons have become movies . There have been 2 Care Bear movies -LRB- both good -RRB- GI Joe the movie -LRB- Ok at best -RRB- Masters of the Universe -LRB- Laughable -RRB- and all have have been basically what the cartoons were all about . They easily could of been part of the animated series -LRB- Except Masters because it was live action -RRB- . This one however went above and beyond that . It did n't start off like anohter episode , we went to many years later -LRB- At least from the point I remember -RRB- the war is in the favor of the Decepticons and there is much trouble a brewing . Optimus Prime and Ultra Magnus are valiently defending the Autobots -LRB- as well as the other guys -RRB- and things are looking grim , especially since an even more dangerouse menace called Unicron is coming . That is mearly the start.Teh animation is straight out of the series as it should be , no fancy computer effecxts -LRB- I am looking in Pokemons direction -RRB- or just a measily follow up to the series -LRB- GI Joe -RRB- . What really impressed me however was not just the story , it was the new theme music that Lion gave the movie . It 's the same words but with a powerful 80 's rock and roll style to it that is incredible . Literally you must hear it to believe it.In the end however it will dwindle down through time as another leave on the shelf rental . Why , because of one primary reason , it 's age . True this came out in the late 80 's , but in the childrens section iut does it little justice . The violence and mild profanity deem it to be at the very least in the animation section of any rental place . That it has become a cult hit that few will pay attention to unless you were actually a fan of the series . The new series can even begin to compare to power and coolness that this one held . Beat Wars come on , and this new combo of the two is just as bad.Buy this if you are either a fan of the series or like a good animated movie .
 Transformers the movie is awesome non-stop action , Great soundtrack , best cartoon movie ever , buy this movie now , YOU GOT THE POWER !
 Wow . This new 20th edition of Transformers
 The movie is excellent , the visuals and audio have all been updated to todays standards . The movie brought back memories from the 1980 's . Any one that used to watch the original -LRB- G1 -RRB- transformers should buy this . I also believe that new audiences will also find this a pleasure . The action is great and so is the plot .
 I bought this DVD for my son because he absolutely loves Transformers . There are some things you should know before you buy it for your child . Optimus Prime dies . My son cried . He was crushed . I had never seen the movie so it was a bit of a shock . I spent my weekend explaining death.As a mom , I think it is violent , but at least there is no blood . I think they blow up when killed . I did notice they said the four letter `` S '' word and `` damn it '' . This is a heads up if you were buying it for a child . Over all it is a great movie , just think twice if your child is young .
 Considering this cartoon is 20 years old , it 's still a fun movie to watch , but if you 're not into the Transformers world , you probably wo n't care for it . It comes with both widescreen and fullscreen formats , and the extras are all pretty neat .
 This is a slice of hometown pie right here . Ca n't put into words how much nostalgia this movie brings back for me . The dialogue is better then most production movies writing . Way better script than some comic book movies.Just awesome ... Autobots , Roll Out .
 Other then the deaths of most of the original G1 characters , this movie is awesome ! If you are a true G1 Transformers fan then you owe it to yourself to get this DVD !
 This movie was every bit as entertaining to watch as it was when I was 6 ! They did a great job digitally remastering this movie . So much clearer than the old VHS copy that I have laying around!If you were a fan of the Transformers growing up , the you NEED to get this movie !
 cleaned-up movie that 's brighter than the original . great to see again ... better than the transformer 's live action movie .
 I 'm sure if you are looking at this review , you all have seen or heard of the Transformers . Most of you have seen the second big screen adaptation by Micheal Bay . `` Second , you say , dear Fuzz ?? '' Yes , my kind shopper . Second . This is the first , original , most awesome Transformers movie ever -LRB- duh , it came out in the 80 's -RRB- ! If you were born in the late 70 's and was n't a total dweeb , chances are you begged Mom and Dad and you got to go see the Transformers the Movie in theaters . I was one of those dweebs that unfortunately did not -LRB- I was born in 1985 :-RRB- -RRB- . My older brother , however , did . When I was little , I remember him raving about it , and when it finally came out on vhs , I remember watching the hell out of this movie in our family room . When DVD came out , I remember buying the original Transformers the Movie for that same brother as a birthday gift . That is how totally awesome this film is ; 18 years later , a grown man still wants to see this film meant for 12 year olds from 1986 . So when this 20th anniversary collection came out , I did what I do all the time ; I waited . I never buy things right away because I always want to get the best deal , or wait what other people have to say . Bad move ! I showed my friend this movie and he loved it !!!!! -LRB- he 's pretty skeptical about everything -RRB- Bottom line , get this film . If not here , then somewhere else . NOW ! Stop reading this and go !! If not for the sweet robot on robot fighting , then for the late , great Orson Wells !!
 With the new transformer movie out it is nice to remember what the original series was like . If you watched the original show and liked it , you will probably like it , except for one part with a certain some one dieing , I did not enjoy that . But the dvd also comes with a nice amount of extras so it is worth it to a fan or a person just looking to see who the transformers really are .
 Some of my dearest childhood memories are tightly tied to the Transformers and afternoons spent watching the tv shows and playing with the awesome toys that were all a part of the 1980s Transformers frenzy ! Above the tv series and all the toys , however , was the crown jewel of the Transformers dynasty ... The Movie !! I thought life could n't get any better than having the original dvd edition of this movie , but the treasures promised in this latest edition promise to be a whole new level of nirvana for all true Trans fans !! '' 'Til all are one ! '' .
 Transformers is my favorite animated movie ever . Ever . I have multiple copies of the VHS , including a worn version of the old 1980s release . Since DVDs became popular , I have wished for this film on disc , but now that it is finally almost here , I am shocked that Rhino is not treating it well at all ! First of all , as I type this , the DVD is NOT planned to include the WIDESCREEN version ! Then what 's the point ! DVD was made for widescreen , yet now we will get the same old pan-n-scan version that we have been watching on tape for a decade ! There is no logical explanation why they would not include the WIDESCREEN version . NONE . Once again we will not see the ENTIRE movie . Secondly , as of right now we are only hearing that Rhino is `` trying '' to get some extra material for the DVD , perhaps some artwork . That 's ALL ? What about director commentary , behind-the-scene , trailers , TV spots , biographies , and the REST ? Rhino is treating this as `` just another DVD '' . Is this just another DVD to you ? At least they plan on including Dolby 5.1 . AT LEAST . But the inexcusable fact that the WIDESCREEN version is missing and that no thought seems to being put into this movie irritates me . Does it irritate you ? I think those who agree with my comments should tell Rhino that we wo n't accept anything less than an UNCENSORED , 5.1 Dolby , WIDESCREEN anamorphic complete version of the movie with all the extras it deserves . Anything less would be uncivilized.Even after all this disappointment I STILL give this DVD 4 stars . Because it is Transformers , and even a blurry SLP mode VHS of Transformers is STILL GOOD . But still , I wanted more.Why is Rhino making an inferior DVD ? As Hot Rod once said , `` That 's what we 're gon na find out ! '' .
 Not only was it the best god damn movie it had the best god damn soundtrack the best god damn characters the best god damn toys the best god damn animation the best god damn dialogue the best god damn action scenes the best god damn production notes the best god damn script the best god damn voices and the best god damn cinematographyGOD DAMNITit 's the best god damn movie for kids and adults and anyone who gives it less than 5 stars is a god damn destructicon in disguise .
 I love this movie and this is the second version I bought when it first came out at Wal-Mart and ca n't believe people are trying to sell this at a whopping $ 76.00 ! Great movie , but sorry . Way too much for 1 movie ! BTW ! I think I only spent $ 15.00 - $ 20.00 on mine ! Thank God I got it when I did !
 My son and I watched this movie together for our weekly boys ' night ritual and both of us enjoyed the non-stop action and mildly amusing humor sprinkled here and there . The dialogue is n't great and the animation is not very fetching in some scenes , but for the most part it kept our attention and fed my son 's appetite for every thing ` Transformers ' . The one troubling moment happens in the first 1/3 of the movie when one of the autobots delivers a shocking expletive . In the 20 years since this movie debuted animated shows like South Park have elevated the swear word to an art form , but I was n't quite prepared for that particular word to appear in this 1980 's cartoon movie . It is a bit awkward . At least if it had been a bad guy I could have turned into a moral lesson about making bad choices ; instead I was left to hope the boy had completely missed that line . This is n't to say my son has n't watched a movie here and there with questional language , but if he repeats the robot potty words in front of my wife I 'm the one who is going to be in for it . Just a word of warning , this is a great little flick but there are a couple of lines of surprise verbage mixed in with all the violence and it may not be right for the youngest among us .
 A DVD MOVIE WITH JUSTICETransformer the animated movie is still my favorite and not only that the special features are great.I wish all dvd movies that put special features are going to be release will be like this .
 This movie is so cool it 's formated in wide screen and they claened up the picture so it 's brighter . I renenber the all the lines from this movie this movie brought back some memires from the tv show . ca n't wait for the live action . to come out in july 14-07 .
 This great Transformers movie is great , they put an expansive story/episodes into one movie . In the movie Optimus Prime dies and pass his leadership to Rodimus . See Megatron turn into Galvatron . The Sharkticons , and another race -LRB- they live like pirates on a junkyardish star . Then how Unicron came out and the great battle at the end!Great video and sound quality even for now . Overall highly recommended . See you at Transformers the movie .
 I loved the series when i was a kid and this is the best animation ever done , the music is 100 % 80 's Rock and Roll and if you know about GOOD animation and Cartoons , this is a MUST HAVE piece , Im from Mexico and we only wished the DVD has the original Spanish Voices from the series aired here on the 80 's but its an awesome movie it makes anyone feel a teenager again !!!
 Well , they are ! Not as if the movie is any different than it was , but that it 's on DVD just is incredible . Of course the sound and visual get touched up , and it 's worth it ! I love watching things on DVDs . Transformers really deserved this edition ... of itself . Well , the menu is n't much , but it is pretty cool . And there 's an interview with the guy who wrote the music , which I think is pretty good . It 's strictly for rainy days , though . Enjoy this DVD , if you 're a Transformers fan , your day has come !!
 For nine long years I 've searched and searched for the movie , but I never found it until the seventeenth of August of this years of 2001 when I found this movie online . I ordered it on that -LRB- which was a Friday -RRB- , and it was delivered the following Monday . I was a hardcore fan during the eighties when the Transformers -LRB- the original -RRB- was on tv , and I have been a hard core fan since . The most tragic scene in the movie , is when Optimus Prime -LRB- the mightiest of all the Autobots of Ark Legends -LRB- the Ark Crew -RRB- -RRB- dies . It brought tears to my eyes when I first watched it , and it brought tears to my eyes when I watched it after it was delivered . I just wish that they had made a movie or an episode where Rodimus Prime and Optimus Prime fight side-by-side . I gave Transformers
 When watching the movie , I recall my childhood and what joy the cartoons of the 80 's were . Without a doubt if you enjoyed the daily cartoon that were in many living rooms in America , you 'll surely enjoy the movie and the compilation of all those episodes .
 I also grew up on T.F. cartoons . Like the other 80s cartoons He-Man , G.I. Joe , etc. . Trans-Formers helped form a generation of kids imaginations growing up in the Star Wars generation . The animation of Trans-Formers was very good for the american anime industry . Not up to Disneys standards it is still very good . With the Movie T.f. managed to up the standard even further and was ahead of its nearest toy rivals movie : He-Man by 18mths . The R1 release is avery good one with a good extras package.For an 80s T.V. / toy tie-in it beats Pokemon hands down .
 i just finished watching this movie for the first time in over 15 years and what a trip . I ca n't believe it . This is a great movie really takes you back to the good ` ol days of decent toys and GREAT cartoons . The DVD is fine no frills but hey this movie makes up for it . A classic ...
 as Limp Bizkit would say IT 's ON !!!! Being a guy who grew up on Transformers Its great to see Optimus and the autobots Layin the smackdown once again ... I remeber when I wuz little I would rent the original version of this movie and I wore the tape out literly i got find by blockbuster for busting the tape , Now that they are back its great to hear those words `` AUTOBOTS ROLE OUT !!!! ''
 I Grew up watching this and still am ! I 've know this movie since I was 3 Friggin Years Old ! Even My 23 year old never gets tired of it ! This is A Selling Success ! UNICRON IS an Awsome Character ! A GIANT Planet that is not An Autobot nor a Decepticon . WHEN I 'm a parent , I 'm gon na show my Little children what A good movie really is ! And This is one of them . 5/5 . Who the Hell Would give it a 2 or a 1 ! IT DESERVES A 5 !
 This is definately the best cartoon movie of all time . This movie has influenced my childhood more than anything I can think of besides obviously my parents . DO N'T MISS OUT ON THIS MOVIE
 Two words
 It is great to see this movie hit home-video . I am disapointed in not seeing this movie being digitaly restored , and put down to DVD.And also , disapointed that this version is edited.Yes , the few `` colorful metaphores '' that were spoken in the theatrical relase , have been narrowed down to one . I remeber the `` colorful metaphores '' , made the theater just spaz in amazement . `` Yes , The Transformers , just cursed ! '' as one kid excitedly screamed.The magic that took you into a more deeper world of the Transformers , is all here.This is a movie , I will be hopefuly sharing with my kids , and grand children in many , many years to come.I highly recommend this video.Q
 Ahhh to remember being a kid again . Coming home from school and doing -LRB- ok skipping -RRB- homework just to watch Tranformers , Voltron , GI Joe and Thundercats . Just think that there will never ever be cartoons like that again . There was a LOT more violence back then but most of us ended up ok ! We cried when optimus prime was killed , we raged at the decepticons , we cheered at the end , we were touched ! There will never be another cartoon movie that could make me feel so many emotions at one time .
 This is the best cartoon movie I have EVER seen . It is jam packed with lots of fighting action , humour and an excellent soundtrack which blends in perfectly with the movie . Only the Disney cartoons come close ! Overall the film is visually stunning , contains as much , if not more than any Hollywood action blockbuster and if you have n't seen it , GET it !! If you have n't got it ... GET it ! You wo n't be dissapointed .
 This movie is for all ages , kids , adults with a kid heart . You would like this movie alot so watch it and find out . It wont be a waste of money . Take it from me i am 22 and i love this movie . As soon as I get it in mail i 'll watch it all the time .
 The transformers were always the best cartoon and to own it on DVD it is just brilliant.You must get this .
 This movie takes me back to the days of being in elementary school and playing transformers on the playground . This movie was moving because it brought some reality to the whole shoot-em-up aspect of transformers . It also started the change in transformers the show . It brought in some characters into places where nobody would 've guessed they 'd be . It was a dark movie , some points were really dark to a point where you wonder if this was aimed at kids or adults . since i am now technically an adult with the mind of a kid , it does n't matter ... but watch this movie
 i think this video is one of the all time classic cartoons . it goes way beyond the original transformers cartoons and takes the whole thing to another level.it brings loads of memories from my childhood when i used to rent this video almost every week.i highly recommend it !!
 MEGATRON MUST BE STOPPED . NO MATTER THE COST ! Those are the most powerful words to ever grace the Animated big screen . This is a tale of bravery like you 've never seen before . In pure `` George Lucas '' fashion we are sent on an impossible mission in which the fate of our universe lies on the deeds of a small band of heroes . Beating the odds is what life is all about . It 's an inspiring movie that will give you chills down your spine . Anyone who has seen this film will certainly agree . To the true fans I 'll use the Universal greeting `` Bah weep granna weep ninny bon . '' To all the rest . `` Feed them to the Sharkticons . '' `` Till All Are One . '' DN
 Definitely the best . Any Transformer fan will have to see it
 Well , I have been a Transformers fan , and to tel the truth I must have seen the movie more than 150 times in my life ... the funny thing is , I never get sick of it . . When I ca n't think of anything to do , I 'll sit and watch it . . At the age of seven -LRB- when it was released -RRB- I had the entire script memorized . . Sounds kinda scary , but it has a great plot and and was underappreciated due to the fact that it was an animated film ... Most people fail to recognize it was Orson Welles final role . . There 's plenty of dialogue , humor , and the best ending of all time . . -LRB- and I usually ca n't stand happy endings -RRB-
 This was a movie that was intended for the age bracket of 10-15 . Based upon the original TV series this takes the Transformers away from Earth and into space for a battle with a Planet eating monster . Will the Autobot 's survive , who will be destroyed ?? All is answered .
 Ok . I am a fan of the Transformers show but that does not dicount my attitude toward this film . I can be realistic too ! First off , you have to like animation
 I bought Transformers The Movie DVD version to replace my VHS copy . I was watching the movie and noticed a part when they are at the Junk Planet they forgot to digitally restore this section -LRB- clean it up / get better film -RRB- My VHS copy from long ago , has way better video quality than what they got.It looks like the Junk Planet part is from a old used rented vhs tape left out in 103 degree temp weather that was locked in someones car : P
 the best movie ever.i love the transformer i remember getting devastator as a xmas present back in 1984 . transformers are my favrite toy.the movie had a great impact on the way i look at life.first time i saw the good guys get killed in any movie.it really socked me as a young boy.luv the part when he opens the matrix and hot rod becomes radimuos prime.know i get to share this movie with my son.thank you amazon your the best .
 I loved the 2 set DVD 20 year commemorative editions . I have watched both of them and their `` extras '' over and over again . I LOVE THEM BOTH !
 This movie brought back such memories.Great heroes , evil villans and if I do say so , a great soundtrack made it an experience worth re-living . Like many , I can hardly wait to see the live-action treatment , but this will always have a great place in my heart . Buy this before it disappears again ; it 's worth the money ten times over .
 This movie takes me back to my days in grammar school . They gathered everyone into the cafeteria one rainy day and showed this to entertain us . And entertain it did . Its a great cartoon by itself . But now that I 'm older I appreciate the soundtrack involved when I play it on DVD . The Canadian Band Kick Axe has a few wonderful tracks on here . There music is terrific . Nice to see everything that 's old is new again . What a blast from the past ! Kick Axe actually has a new album out too called `` IV '' . More strong music from an amazing band . Hmmm might go pop in my Transformers DVD again now that I think about it . Nice to revisit that music from a time gone bye .
 I do n't care what anyone says this movie a classic to those who remember the TV in the 80 's . The movie just caps off everything and is perfect . With the new Transformers -LRB- Beasties and Beast Machines -RRB- they do n't come close to the action that was seen in this movie . Sure you old people out there that hate everything kids liked back then will hate it , but anyone who grew up with this will tell you otherwise . You ca n't go wrong with this one .
 The best ever movie taken from a Children 's Cartoon programme . A box office smash form the 80s , which still retains its punch even today . The evil Unicron -LRB- voiced by Orsen Welles -RRB- attacks the Transformer 's war-ravaged home of Cybertron . With such characters as Optimus Prime , Megatron , Hot Rod and Galvatron along with the old favourites
 Being only nine years old when the film first came out I was , of course , amazed and totally loved the film . I cried when there were sad scenes , and laughed when the film got funny , etc. . But what really made this movie outstanding in my mind , is the fact that Transformers
 Here is your chance to show your kids what you were watching back when you were a kid . And it also gives you a perfect excuse to relive the magic yourself . Transformers , along with He-Man and ThunderCats , was a staple in many young kids ' lives growing up in the early to mid-Eighties . Do n't let yourself forget what your childhood was like . Endulge yourself and watch Transformers again .
 Well , first I 'll say , I 'm a girl and I totally loved this movie . Of course I 'm a DIE HARD Transformers fan , I have Optimus Prime boxed in mint condition . `` Peace through tyranny '' as stated by Megatron is written on my dorm door . I own the UNEDITED canadian version -LRB- the one with the famous `` Oh , sh*t '' scene -RRB- . I wonder if that 's the one that amazon is selling . Anyway , this movie is awesome , Bumblebee is in it , Hot Rod . The storyline is really cool , but it 's sad too , so many autobots are killed ... it has an awesome premise . Any Transformer fan has to own it . It 's a cult classic for us .
 Hi there ! I purchased this tape as a gift for my boyfriend . If your 's was a kid in the 80 's , and you get this one for him , I can tell you that you 'll be thrilled with the gleam in his eyes when he opens this one!So if you were thinking about an expenisve watch that you could brag to your girlfriend 's about , at least think of buying him this piece of his childhood , that HE can brag to the boys about . And if you want to be a really good girlfriend , watch it with him , and let him tell you which of the toys he had as a kid , I am SURE he will ! : -RRB-
 YES ! THIS RULES ! I remember being a little kid and seeing this movie at the theater ! this movie is definitely geared toward anyone who grew up with these heavy metal bad boys . I 'm 20 years old and was one of the biggest transformers fans out there -LRB- are n't we all ? -RRB- . This is a must have if you 're one of the lucky ones who grew up with these guys .
 There are lots of good things and a couple of bad things about the Transformers - The Movie . First the bad ... Throughout many of the action sequences the music is overpowering instead of flowing with the action scenes . Its actually annoying . Its fill in music that should have been replaced with background music as it was done in the TV Series on which this movie is based . My only other problem was some missing characters that I would have like to see such as the Aerialbots , the Protectobots , the Combaticons , and The Stunticons.Ok ... that was the bad ... Now the Good.The animation is first class , it rivals Japanese Anime ... yes it is that good . The story is very good . It contains a ton of action , and some drama but doesnt slow down once during its 90 minutes.You will see the demise of some of your favorite Autobot / Decepticon characters , but you will have to watch and see which ones . There are big name actors doing voices for many of the characters . New enemies are introduced -LRB- if you thought Megatron was bad , you have n't seen anything yet ! -RRB- which play a hand in the future episodes of the series.If you plan to buy any of the volumes or 3 episode sets that are currently on sale , you need to buy this first . Those episodes are not in Chronological order , and skip around between old and newer episodes where the characters are completely different . You will be very confused without seeing this movie . This movie will answer many questions that you will have such as where did Galvatron and Rodimus Prime come from , and also where some of your favorite characters disappeared to!Bottomline this is a must own for Transformer fans ! Highly Recommended !
 I now realise what a great idea it was to import this blu-ray from amazon UK some two years ago ... Not sure how much I paid for it at the time , must have been around 7 ... I 'm not sure I 'd be willing to pay the current insane price , however , no matter how much I love Transformers The Movie.As someone who owns this disc -LRB- as well as most of the TFTM videos released over the years -RRB- , I can confirm it really is as good as people describe it . The image is certainly the BEST of all the various home video releases of the past -LRB- DVD , VHS , Laserdisc , etc. . -RRB- . Even the recent anniversary edition DVD from Sony does n't come close . The sound is really good too . Although it is the `` cropped '' widescreen version , it does look better on an HDTV.And yes , although it 's from the UK , it is region free . It plays on Canadian and American PS3 's without any problems ... And I have the most recent firmware update ... But for those who balk at the current price , I would n't be surprised to see a North American release of the Blu-ray sometime in the near future ... My guess would be right before or after the release of the current Micheal Bay trilogy on Blu-ray .
 Growing up the Transformers were my passion , I collected the toys and comics and would never miss an episode on TV . This was one of the first movies I cried watching when I was a kid and it parts of it still saddens me to this day.When I started to look for a good copy of this film I ran across many issues . Too many different companies held rights and sometimes the rights were passed on from one company to another . There was a DVD issue of this but it was not in widescreen . There was a widescreen release that was actually cropped and another widescreen release that had poor transfer and colors to it . The widescreen transfers were n't even US releases either . I was pretty disappointed as I am someone who is particular about quality.When I came across the UK blu-ray I was overjoyed at reading some of the reviews on the picture quality and sound . A proper true transfer was made and it was as good as you can get . Also even better was reading that the blu-ray was region free so I could play it here in the US.I bought the blu-ray it cost me at the time around $ 30 dollars shipped - a bit pricey - but I felt it would be well worth it -LRB- and judging on how the prices for this blu-ray have jumped since it has gone out of production a smart move on my part -RRB- The quality is amazing and the sound great too . This is easily the best transfer of the film I have seen . For enthusiasts of Transformers this is a MUST OWN . I have the 20th anniversary DVD of this film as well and while that DVD was great the blu-ray is superior.One downside to this blu-ray that stops it from being truly epic is that there is no bonus features on the disc whatsoever . It is strictly just the movie and nothing else . So if you have the 20th anniversary DVD make sure you keep it since that is loaded with extras galore . I am not sure if getting rights to any extras were not attainable or not.Hopefully a US blu-ray of this classic movie is produced and done with new extras and features but until this this blu-ray does an amazing job for the movie itself . The best transformers movie ever made !!!
 I am a long time fan of transformers and have this film in about every format imaginable . I was excited when the 25th anniversary edition came out , that was a nice improvement from the original DVD release . I finally broke down and bought the Blu-ray , I was n't quite sure what to expect . I was happily surprised , this is a great transfer . Sharp images , great colors , and details that previously went unnoticed . If you 're a true fan , you owe it to yourself to check this out . It hard to find , but worth the search .
 After seeing a online review of the Transformers Movie , I decided to pickup a copy to see for myself if it was as good as the reviewer made it out to be . Not having been a fan of the Transformers G1 series or able to see it in theaters , I tried to keep an open mind toward it . So here are my thoughts.The movie itself was great . It had a fast paced storyline , great animation and voice acting , probably the best soundtracks in a movie , and felt fun and enjoyable to watch all around . Perhaps the greatest moment , and definatly my favorite scene out of any movie yet , came toward the end as the Rodimus Prime defeats Galvatron and then escapes Unicron 's self destruction with the rest of the Autobots to the tone of Stan Bush 's `` The Touch '' . Overall it 's a great and enjoyable movie , especially when compared to the live action version . It 's one of those movies you watch with a bunch of friends on a Saturday night for fun.The DVD itself is another story , I 've done some research about the DVD releases of `` The Transformers
 I am 27 almost 28 and I remember this movie when I was a kid . And eventhough optimus dies . it is still one of my favorite movies of all time . the voice cast is second to none . Judd nelson , robert stack , orson wells , you could n't ask for anyone better . and the soundtrack is amazing to boot . Stan bush really nails it . the only thing that makes me aggravated is i want this for my blu-ray player . I need this in high def . do yourself a favor and get this movie .
 We were so happy to receive this DVD , it was in great condition and playback was awesome . Thank you for taking us back almost a quarter century ! - -RRB-
 Recently , my 12 & 11 yr old sons wanted to go see Transformers 2 . But , they insisted I see T1 first . So we rented it then went to the theatre . After viewing both T1 & T2 I remembered their was an ORIGINAL Transformers . They -LRB- and all their friends -RRB- watched the ORIGINAL twice a day for 2 weeks . Amazing !!!
 I actually grew up in the Beast Wars generation but my brothers loved the series so of course when this edition of the original movie came out my brother picked it up right away . He popped it in the dvd player and we sat down and watched it together . Lets just say I enjoyed it enough to go out and get my own copy of the movie -LRB- and the series -RRB- . Watching it I was reminded of what cartoons are supposted to do . To bring enjoyment , to be funny , corny and all-in-all entertaining -LRB- something cartoon shows and movies seem to lack these days -RRB- . Is the movie cheesy ? Yes but it 's a movie I would gladly watch over and over again . The soundtrack is refreshing and often amusing , the jokes are corny and I found myself rolling my eyes more than twice.The audio is clear and visuals are clean and crisp . This edition is completely remastered.The commentary tracks are actually very amusing and interesting to listen to , there being one for director Nelson Shin , story editor Flint Dille and voice actress Susan Blu -LRB- Arcee -RRB- and another commentary by fans of the show . Other features include
 Overall , the DVD is good as the story . It 's digitally remastered so image and sound quality are at the best . 4 out of 5 stars I give only because I did n't like , nor expected , the death of Optimus Prime . But the finale of the movie made up for that .
 I grew up watching the TV cartoon and when this movie came to theaters , naturally I was overwhelmed with excitement . This movie was much more than I ever thought it could be . Great story , great music and fun for everybody . I showed this to some of my girlfriends and they even enjoyed it . AND THEY HATED THE TV SERIES!I HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS , ESPECIALLY FOR A FAN OF ANY GENERATION OF TRANSFORMERS !!!!
 I found this movie a few years ago and watched it , and I thought it to be a pretty good movie . The reason is because it was n't like all the other Transformers . For one reason , most of our beloved autobots died pretty quickly especially when old Megatron raided their ship . Anyway I think this movie is pretty good and I would ` nt mind owning it for myself .
 Hello , I started looking into this question of how `` Transformers
 As a child I was obsessed with the transformers , together with about 40 million other boys of my age . This whole concept of a vehicle that could transform into a humanoid form , wich not only had a deep character but also a form of spirituality , is very mind stimulating.Transformers The Movie is a modern myth , like Star Wars , only Star Wars is very limited in comparison to the Transformers . Like all good myths this movie has certain universal themes , the latter I shall describe below : - The battle between good and evil -LRB- Autobots vs Decepticons -RRB- - That wich transcends and unites good and evil -LRB- the infinte danger of Unicron that would wipe out all existence -RRB- . - A secret power from within , a spiritual essence -LRB- the Autobotmatrix -RRB- . - The transcendence of the hero -LRB- HotRod becoming Rhodimus Prime -RRB- . - The transcendence of the villain -LRB- Megatron becoming Galvatron -RRB- . - The exploration of an unknown realm -LRB- Cup and HotRod visiting Quintessa -RRB- . - The victory over the subconciouss mind -LRB- when Cup and HotRod are thrown into the Sharkticon pool they even go deeper , and drive in circles , thus creating a vortex wich throws the water out giving them free game to battle the Sharkticons -RRB- . - True comradry and friendship -LRB- well , this is just all over the movie -RRB- . - The rise and fall of pride -LRB- Starscream 's coronation -RRB- . These are just a few wich are displayed but I think you have to watch the movie and decide for yourself . I rate this movie five stars because it is such a wonderfull myth -LRB- but a myth wich is greatly animated and highly entertaining and has fantastic music -RRB- . And yes , maybe there are a few flaws like Starscream losing his foot and two seconds later there 's nothing wrong with him and yes I would like to see some Unicron history but these are all details.Till all are One ...
 I just got the special edition of Transformers The Movie on DVD . I was already a huge Transfan since I was a kid . I already had the regular DVD , and I 've watched it a million times . With that said , I had to ask myself , `` Do I regret buying this movie for the second time ? `` The first thing that I did was watch the Widescreen Version on my HDTV . I work for the cable company , so I know all about 16:9 Aspect Ratio , upscaling , conversions , etc. . Trust me , there IS a difference between the Widescreen Version on Disc 1 and the Full Screen Version on Disc 2 . You can see a little bit more area in the left and right corners of the screen , which I noticed during Optimus Prime 's fight scenes . -LRB- Of course if you do n't have a Widescreen TV , there really is no point of watching the Theatrical Version when you got Disc 2 . -RRB- Now did I buy this set for my HDTV ? Of course not ! I knew there would be gems on it , and they are a treat . First off , there are three Featurettes , but the best one of the set is `` Death of Optimus Prime '' , and it covers what led to the decision to kill off the `` star '' of the show , as well as the aftermath . There 's a Director 's Commentary and a Fan Commentary , which the latter is rare on DVDs . And then there is one of my favorite parts of the set
 Disney artists need to take lessons from this movie . Disney uses a lot of lazy computer animation , which usually looks horrible.This movie is 99 percent actual hand drawn animation . All of which looks superb.The music is also great . About 6 great songs with that 80 's hard rock attitude.For another example for great hand drawn animation , check out G.I. Joe the movie .
 In the 1980s , it 's no surprise that Transformers ruled television screens while simultaneously causing every kid to want to go out and buy the toys . I am one of the ones that grew up watching my favorite Transformers duking it out for the fate of mankind . I loved every minute of it , even if some of the episodes were really corny . However , this review is n't about the show ; it 's about the movie , originally released in 1986 . The movie brought forth new circuits for us to admire while also killing off several of the old characters , including the beloved Optimus Prime.The animation is ten times more advanced than that of the original show . Optimus Prime and Megatron have never looked sleaker and it 's quite a shame they did n't last very long in the movie -LRB- well ... Megatron turned to Galvatron ... you get the idea . -RRB- . Even by today 's standards , they have n't aged badly at all . The voice cast is a list of well-known actors and most of them put in fine performances . While Robert Stack 's portrayal of Ultra Magnus seemed somewhat bland , Leonard Nimoy 's portrayal of Galvatron was nothing less than excellent . You also have to consider they were probably brought to the project based on the pay , not for the art . Other actors included Judd Nelson as Hot Rod -LRB- another good voice performance -RRB- , Lionel Stander as Kup , Eric Idle as Wreck-Gar -LRB- Yes , THAT Eric Idle -RRB- , and of course , Casey Kasem and Scatman Crothers as Cliffjumper and Jazz , respectively . But of course , let 's not forget the legendary Orson Welles voicing the most bad -LRB- ... -RRB- Transformer of them all
 This 1986 version of Transformers
 Grimlock get your noodle out of my face
 While I own the movie -LRB- the soundtrack and the score -RRB- and consider it to be an all-time favorite -LRB- I know all the words -RRB- this movie could have been written better . It starts strong , but it slowly goes downhill as the plot progresses , and by the last 20 minutes , it looked like they really rushed the ending ... but I will give it this
 I walked into SUNCOAST VIDEO at the mall where I live about a month ago looked at the videos untill I came to the kids videos and I glanced down at the bottom shelf and I could n't believe what I saw but TRANSFORMERS THE MOVIE plus videos from the tv show . I could n't believe it I had to look twice to make sure I was not dreaming , I grabed the video took it to the counter and bought it , I told the clerk I had been looking for this video for yrs and could never find it , he told me that it was just released on video about a week ago . This movie and the tv series was awsome it along with G.I. JOE and HE-MAN and SHE-RA -LRB- yes you heard me correctly I said HE-MAN AND SHE-RA -RRB- were my favorite cartoons I watched during the 80 's I was in JR high and high school during those times , CLASS of 1985 and proud of it.The sound , story , and voice actors were perfect my favorites are the Dinobots I loved them.If your a fan of the TRANSFORMERS buy the movie and relive some memories and for those of you who have never heard of them then rent the movie and check it out.TRANSFORMERS ARE TRULY MORE THEN MEETS THE EYE .
 Im only a kid but when my cousin got this movie for me i thought it was awsome . The suspense , the action , the honor of Optimas , the cast , the thril , the power , and the emothion . Especialy the storyline and the detail of the matrix and cybetron . A MUST SEE EVEN THOUGH IT IS 20 YEARS OLD . More action than a drunken drive bye shooting movie with Arnold Shwartsneger as the commando good guy . Just watch it and discover the fantasy .
 When I was a child my whole life was nothing but Transformers . Then , all of a sudden , the series ended . A couple of months ago I was watching a pale imatation of Transformers called Beast Wars and I started remembering the good old days when I watched the orginal series . That was when I bought the video and it brought me back to the time when I was a child . I watched the movie when it first came out and was shocked by the fine storytelling and surprises that the movie had in store . I watch the movie every chance I get and hope to one day see the re-release of the orginal series on television . The new Transformers are and will always be pale imitators of the orginal classic and animatated movie is ten times better than most live action movies that I have seen in my lifetime .
 I remember going to see this movie in the theatres on my birthday back in ' 87 . I was 13 , and man I loved it . I have been trying to locate this movie on video for over a decade now , and I finally got it this Christmas . All I can say is `` Wow ! '' It 's just as good as I remebered it being ! The animation in this movie is better than any cartoons you 'll see on TV today . And the storyline for the movie made it the crowning acheivement of the Transformer era . A `` must see '' for anyone who considers themselves a fan/collector of the Transformers !
 For all who loved it as a kid -LRB- mostly in their 20 's now -RRB- and also for kids today -LRB- lol ... they could use a break from Pokemon ! -RRB- , this is a definite buy !
 Transformers the movie is so mindwarpingly BAD it 's BRILLIANT ! How do i love this movie , let me count the ways . 1 . Orson Welles as a talking , robot eating planet . 2 . Bizarre celebrity voiceovers . 3 . Cheesey 80 's rock soundtrack . 4 . over the top violence . 5 . WEIRD AL ! 6 . A john Steinbeck reference coming out of the mouth of a talking dinosaur !!!!! Do I really need to say anymore ?!? see this now !!! it 's truly more than meets the eye !
 No doubt hidden in the 271 reviews that precedes my own you will find many of my ideas and thoughts about this movie . No matter , I still feel obligated to share what this movie meant and continues to mean to me . To begin , credit must be given to the composer and artist of this film . While , although sometimes a bit cheesy -LRB- ie . that same choo-choo-train sewer music playing whenever unicron appeares , which is borrowed from from ROCKY IV -RRB- , the music does energize the film at times and makes for a great soundrack . Next , despite what some others have said , the animation for this film was great for its time . I mean , who could ever forget that scene when Optimus decides , `` Megatron must be stopped -- no matter what the cost , '' and leaps into action blasting away . That 's the stuff great memories are made of . Conversely , however , the plot of this movie made perfect sense when I was ten years old , but now seems a bit weak . But what can you expect ? After all , it IS -- or WAS -- a childrens cartoon . More than anything I think this film represents the end of an era . While kids still have vivid imaginations and continue to love cartoons , I wonder if they will obsess over them -LRB- running home from school to make sure you did n't miss a minute -RRB- like we did . In these days of powerfull computers , DVDs , and Wallmart -LRB- hehe -RRB- , I do n't know if things will ever be the same . Bottom line , I love this movie not only for what it is -LRB- a childrens cartoon -RRB- , but for what we made it -LRB- a legend that defines a generation -RRB- . Autobots , transform and roll out .
 This is the release of the Transformers animated motion picture in celebration of it 's 20th anniversary as well as a prelude to the release of the Transformers Live action motion picture that will be released in 2007 . Let us take a look at the details of this dvd release which will help buyers in making the choice as to whether or not to make this film part of their dvd library.Firstly , this dvd is released by Sony BMG Music Entertainment , as therefore those who might be expecting a dvd release of the animated film together with the live action film later in 2007 will be sorely disappointed as the property does n't belong to the same distributor.Secondly , this dvd release is a 2 disc release featuring three versions of the feature film , commentary tracks and interviews , a sneak peak at the live-action movie.A breakdown of the dvd details are as follows : * Brilliantly remastered and color-corrected * 16x9 widescreen presentation , which has not been seen anywhere since the movie was in theatres twenty years ago * Full screen edition as well * Commentary tracks * Interviews with director Nelson Shin , story consultant Flint Dille and voice actress Susan Blu * Autobot Matrix of Knowledge Presentation
 Just watched the DVD edition of Transformers
 This is one of the cartoons that set the standard in the 80s . The Joes are definitely right up there as well . The excitement behind the Transformers seems to have been lost , with the Beast Wars cartoon offering a pale comparison to the 80s splendor involved with the original crew of Optimus , Megatron , Soundwave and the rest . Transformers
 You MUST get this ! I 've loved Transformers since I was a kid ! New Transfan ? GET IT ! Older Transfan ? GET IT ! I did n't see the movie in theaters when I was younger , although , this DVD will feel close enough to the theater . Oh yeah , be a nice girl/guy and click `` YES '' on `` Did this review help you '' Please ! : -RRB-
 After 15 years of bootleg and censored VHS formats , we finally will get a chance to see Transformers
 I REALLY hate these reviewers saying this is a bad dvd . For 20 bucks , you get enhanced visuals and sound , a commentary from the composer -LSB- Music is halfthe movie , after all ! -RSB- , AND the uncut edition you 'd previously have to buy through Canada or bootleg ! Rhino could 've sold this at 30 bucks-like most dvd 's - but they 're LOSING money by selling it to the fans at vhs retail . If you think Lucas will give you a better deal , then do n't buy this and wait another decade for the Star Wars trilogy ! And yes , I consider this the best deal I 've ever had on a dvd ! It 's perfect , exactly like I remembered it , but with the curse words I missed the first time around . It almost makes me feel like I 'm watching Macross Plus ; that 's how good it looks and sounds . Transformers fans-like myself-MUST own it . DVD 's like this are reasons I 'm glad to own a dvd player . Now let 's hope the He-man movie on dvd happens too . -LRB- And I mean the animated movie , not the horrible live action-flick with Dolph Lundgren . -RRB-
 This movie is historic because it was the first time a lead character was killed off in a cartoon series intended for kids . This resulted in 1000 's of letters from angery parents and kids and led to a script rewrite for GIJoe the movie -LRB- another classic -RRB- .80 's rock soundtrack really adds to the experiences , the movie stands fairly well on it 's own , but will holds special meaning to long time fans of the series.Cartoons have pretty much gone to hell these days , The Transformers was epic , the show only lasted four seasons -LRB- 98 episodes -RRB- , but it was complete in the end , with the final 3 episodes concluding the series with the bad guys defeated . This movie takes place somewhere in the middle of the series , it picks up about 13 years after the cartoon series left off -LRB- at the end of season two -RRB- in the year 2005 , many new transformers are introduced , old characters are killed off , and the leadership roles are changed out for both good and bad . The seaons that followed continued on with the story and eventually was concluded due to a drop in ratings , the series continued on in Japan into the early 90 's with three more seasons.I wish Rhino would put this out on DVD , It would also be great if they would release a box set on DVD -LRB- like was done in Japan on Laserdisc -RRB- with the first two seasons and the last two seaons .
 Transformers the Movie , well what can you say about this film ? Brilliant!Great story line . Amazing characters , both new and old faces . I remember seeing this film as a kid and as a big fan of Transformers I loved it , even today I still do . With the vocal talants of movie supremos Leonard Nimoy and Orsan Wells adding big names to the title and the final battle between Megatron and Optimus Prime . Add to this Megatron 's rebirth as Galvatron . The brash young Hot Rod 's transformation to Rodimus Prime and his victory over Galvatron in the heart of the planet killer Unicron . Unicrons attempt to destroy Cybertron . This movie is a rollercoaster ride not to be missed.Great soundtrack . Great dialouge . Great story . Great Animation.A must have for any one who grew up in the 80 's . Buy it if only for a nostalgic trip down memory lane , to recapture your lost childhood.One final note - OPTIMUS PRIME R.I.P. . He died before his time !
 We probably all know how much this animated movie rocks by now . The pathos , the drama , the transforming robots ! They are all here just like you remember them , from Unicron to Prime.So the question is , is the HD transfer worth it?In my opinion , the answer is a resounding yes.But as with anything HD it always depends on your equipment and your expectations . We all know by now that Blu-ray is the only way to get 1080P , which is `` true '' HD . But you only really need this much resolution if you are going for the big format displays -LRB- 44 '' or above -RRB- . Other than that you are fine with 720 probably or even DVD which is around 480 . But if you are planning to watch this movie in a larger-format TV that brings the experience closer to an actual film viewing , you want to go with the highest format available , which is blu-ray right now.Actually , there is no 720p -LRB- HD-DVD -RRB- release of this movie as far as I know . There is only the DVD release . Which is fine for most instances.But if you are a devoted Transformers fan , which I am , you are probably interested in seeing this film in the best possible format possible . There are significant gains to watching this on Blu-ray as compared to DVD . I have watched both on my Samsung 50 '' LCD and at a friend 's house on a Plasma 50 '' and the Blu-ray looks significantly better at the large format , which is to be expected . There is just more data on the Blu-ray disc which makes for a better , clearer picture . Upscaling the DVD helps but still does not compare to the Blu-ray . Regarding the Blu-ray Transfer : This is a very good blu-ray transfer , especially considering how old the material is -LRB- This movie was released in 1986 -RRB- . The spot colours in the animation look great . The only problem with it is the scratches on the source material which are very difficult to remove anyway but as most of the film is in space you ca n't really see it anyway . These are not problems that can be easily resolved until someone plunks down significant money to pay for an in-depth digital `` restoration '' rather than just a transfer . If someone wants to start a petition to get this done feel free to let me know , I will sign on ! But it is unrealistic to expect a perfect transfer from such an old original at this point unless expensive digital magic is applied . Like I said , I am all for it , this movie deserves restoration . Let 's just be glad we can watch this movie in HD at all , right now.Extras
 I bought this recently just out of curiosity to see if it had the same apeall as when i was younger and it did . This is the best cartoon film ever superb animation and the hammy 80 's rock went perfectly along with the film . I did ` nt like the fact that some of the older characters were killed off especially Optimus prime but it did ` nt stop the enjoyment . Stunning !!!!!! .
 I have seen this movie on VHS and I loved it as much as the TV series . I thought the movie really captured the friction between the Autobots and the Deceptions and it also shed some light on the orgin of Rodmus Prime and Galavetron .
 The big question , friends
 Good Animations Good Music Good Story -LRB- classic but good -RRB- Great voicesCant go wrong with this movie
 This movie kicks ass . It is one of the greatest animations I have ever seen . It has great story , characters , villians , you name it , it has it . The greatest thing to hit DVD ever !
 I watched Tranformers
 ... The greatest animated movie of all time , TRANSFORMERS THE MOVIE ! I have actually had this on VHS since it was first relased in 1987 , and , although I have seen it hundreds of times , it is STILL a cool movie , the animation has hardly dated at all , and the soundtrack , and this is no ` fanboy ' speaking , is truly the BEST soundtrack I have EVER heared , there are loads of standout tracks , especially ` DARE ' and ` THE TOUCH ' . The story is just one of good -LRB- Heroic Autobots -RRB- versus evil -LRB- Evil Decepticons -RRB- , whose battle has erupted from thier own planet , Cybertron , to Earth , and back again , and by the time the movie takes place -LRB- 2009 , I think -RRB- , the war is raging on both planets . The story is basically about the Autobots saving Cybertron from being eaten by an all powerful being -LRB- UNICRON , the largest Transformer of them all -RRB- , but this movie is really about introducing all of the newest characters from that year -LRB- Kup , Hot Rod/Rodimus Prime , Ultra Magnus et al -RRB- and getting rid of all of the older ones -LRB- Prime , Ironhide , Megatron et al -RRB- Just go and buy this movie , especially if you like japanimation .
 This movie is awesome from start to finish ! Jam packed with action all the way this is a rollarcoaster ride from start to finish . It 's a shame Leonard did n't see this but then he was n't a kid growing up with one of the very Best cartoons of the 80 's ! The movie leaves a few questions unanswered like it 's leading up for a sequel , but the answered did n't come up in a sequel because none was ever made . Answers came in the tv series following up the movie . I remember crying in the movie when I first saw this about 14 years ago ! Show your a true Transformers fan by voting for this to come out on DVD ! by clicking in at the top they will email you when its available on dvd and also this goes towards as a vote towards it coming out on DVD format . If it never comes out on DVD you 'll never be given an email but if it does you 'll be making a great lot of people happy ! Enjoy this one ! great gun !
 Back when I was eight , my best friend and I would head on down to the video store and rent `` Transformers
 Not that I know of . I loved the cartoon on TV . I was obssessed . I remember seeing this movie when I was 5 . From the opening of the movie , to Optimus ' death , to the ending of the movie , I was captivated . Just today I started thinking about it again at work . Everything flooded back.I love this movie . There is no movie that approaches this . How many TV show based movies hold such a complete house cleaning of the cast or deliver a real story with real action ? How many animated movies do n't treat kids like babies ? This is what cartoons used to be . In a world awash in Power Rangers and Pokemon , this is the monument to what we grew up with . No Haim Saban to polute our minds with carboard box constructed heroes , we had The Transformers and GI Joe . We had real cartoons.And to Mr. Maltin , forget the toys . Forget the sheets and pillow cases . When have we had a movie that does what this one does so well ? Story , action , and at the same time , it works for kids too.All hail Transformers the movie .
 This item is a MUST have for all transformer fans out there !! Not only will you get a EXCELLENT 3D poster + 2 DVDs on Transfomers the movie BUT all the extras . This item is EPIC size in terms of value !!!!!
 Without reviewing the 500 + other reviews , I will focus ONLY on the quality of the remastering : The video was sharp for the most part - I found only a few scenes in which focus appeared to be slightly off.The video was vibrant - As other reviewers mentioned , color is sometimes inconsistant . For the most part , however , the film is pleasing to look at.The video is widescreen - This is a major upgrade from previous releases.The audio was clean - The remastered version has much wider dynamics , that is , it was clearer and crisper . The highs were exceptionaly sharp , particularly when music played . However , this version STILL misses the mark with the LFE channel . There is hardly any bass effects in this film
 The Transformers 20th Anniversary edition movie does two things very well . First , the DVD is high quality , thus giving the video a quality not found in the original production . Second , it allows those of us about to turn 30 to relive some of the feelings and emotions brought about by one of the greatest animated classics of the 80 's . The 20th anniversary edition of Transformers the Movie is a must have for those who love the endless battle of good v/s evil .
 Extras are fairly pointless , such as the commercials etc. and all I discovered from the commentary was that the producer is a money grabbing swine and Nelson Shin is either a robot or he can not speak english . The most important things are that A . It is in widescreen and B . They did n't cut the swear word out .
 this is the best work on this film that has been done in years.i own the edition that came out before this one and and nothing was that special about it.this has it all great fetures and easter eggs!a must for transformers fans of all ages !
 I 've long been a fan of the Transformers even though I 've never owned one . All the boys on my school bus used to play with them . And I was a tad jealous since they were so cool and could transform into such neat stuff . So I never saw the movie when it was originally released . But since the Michael Bay movie is coming out next year I just had to see this . And WOW !!! Conceptually , it was so ahead of its time . I can only imagine if the TV series had come out now . I 'm impressed . The animation is terrific . When I think of all the more recent animated features released over the past couple of years , this classic has to be the most clever and inventive . Despite the archaic methods , the transformations are superb . And who would have thought of a planet that could transform and behave the way Unicron does ? Just amazing . I knew I wanted this DVD when I saw that it was being released . I wanted to see Optimus Prime . I love singing the theme song when no one else is around me . It 's so distinct . But I loved the movie . This film is particularly good if you 're unfamiliar with the TV series or the characters or what transpired in the film . Despite not having seen the film until now , I knew what happened because all the boys on my school bus talked about it so much . So I 'm happy that I 've finally seen it and I now know what all of the hype was about firsthand . I would definitely recommend this to those that plan on seeing the 2007 movie . It 's just brings back great memories of growing up in the 80 's . So many great things came out of that era and the Transformers have to be one of the highlights . Very creative .
 I just recently purchased this remastered version of Transformers
 Just gave this DVD to my future husband last night as a birthday gift and he watched it right away . He loved it ! Great quality and great music ! Great child hood memories . A must buy !
 When I was a child , I would get up every morning and race to the tv and watch the epic story that was THE TRANSFORMERS.The happiest day of my life was when at the age of 8 I found out THE TRANSFORMERS was hitting the big screen . When I went to the theater that day , I laughed I cryed and I felt justified by the time I left . It is one of the most vivid memories I have.I had n't watched it in 17 years untill the other day , and it still effected me , the memories , and the `` Oh hell ya '' feelings came rushing back.The story of this movie is one that holds together exceptionally , and is a must own for any TRANSFORMERS fan . The fact that Starscreem gets his kamuppins is more than enough of a reason to see it , and the epic final battle between Optimus and Megatron that ALL fans had been waiting for since ` MORE THAN MEETS THE EYE ' , is reason itself to buy it.The fact that Eric Idle , Orsen Wells , and Robert Stack signed on for this movie should be testament enough in the fact of not only is this a fantastic movie , but that THE TRANSFORMERS transended the relm of 22 min commercial to genuine hit.From the guilty pleasure that comes with listening to the cheesy 80 's synthisised music , to the battles , and the vocal talent genious I only have this to say
 Transformers
 I happy with this purchas it a used product but came in realy good condition I thought it took a lil long to get here but notice that it was from Canada understood why it took a lil while but worth the wait
 To grasp the nature of the endless battle between the Autobots and Decepticons , and therefore understand everything you need to know about the world , get this movie . It does n't matter that the film uses 80s animation . It teaches the moral principles of the universe and can help prepare a young mind to face the rigors of adulthood.Besides having value as a teaching tool and good family entertainment , this movie is coveted by all serious collectors . You could trade this movie for water in a desert , or rent it at exorbitant rates . The value only rises when updated animation re-introduces Autobots and Decepticons to humanity .
 Buy this now , awesome movie ! Brings you back to the 80 's , the animation is top notch ! Wish there was an official blu ray release .
 The DVD was in excellent condition . My son really enjoys the movie . I do too as well.My son watches it every night since we received it .
 I remember when this movie first came out . My dad took my best friend and I to see it . It was amazing ! I could n't believe that characters where -LRB- SPOILER ALERT -RRB- actually dying ! The characters do use a few curse words but it is nothing compared to what you hear on cable . This is a great movie and a must see for any fans of Transformers -LRB- or for that matter Go-Bots , Tranzor-Z and any other similar show from the mid 80s -RRB- . Great soundtrack too !
 Everytime I see this movie , I 'm drawn in and revert back to the good ol' days of great cartoons . A fun-filled action packed movie , that you do n't want to end . If your looking for a good cartoon movie ... then you need to check this out ... Awesome !
 I 'm completely OK with this on accept it does ` nt have the music video , `` THE Touch '' and `` Dare to be Stupid ''
 one of the best movies from my childhood . I remember going to the theater to see it when if came out ! -LRB- the theater isnt there anymore , its a Layzboy store now . -RRB-
 This animated movie is awesome ! Brings me back to a time when we had to run home every after school just to catch another episode . This animated movie is a bridge between seasons 2 and 3 , remastered in fine colors and wide screen too . The soundtracks are somewhat cheesy , haha ! But at the time , they were inspiring rock tunes . Anyone that is a fan of the series should definately add this to their collection and anyone who loves the two live action films should have the entire series along with this .
 There are probably people out there that do n't realize that this movie takes place after the second season of Transformers . While it may not take place exactly after Season 2 but instead like 20 years after the events of Season 2 , introducing new characters into the Transformers universe . Just like Season 2 there some memorable moments in this movie while at the same time if you have n't seen this movie be prepared for one of the saddest moments in Transformers history . This DVD does contain lot of stuff for any Transformers fan to get excited . Transformers
 If you criticize TFTM on it 's sountrack taking away from the movie , then you have to criticize all movies from the 80 's ... . And it was probably the best cartoon , and most unique ones out of them all ... I would recomend this movie to EVERYONE . . The only thing that I did not like about it was that , like somebody else said , there were not enough autobots in it . . I wanted to see Jetfire . . I also wanted to see a huge battle between Omega Supreme and Devestator ... I think the 80s TRANSFOMRERS ... THE ORININAL REAL TRANSFORMERS are so much better than these stupid idiotic Beast Wars ... I watched some of the BW 's and just cringed even though I tried to force myself to like them ... . I sure hope eventually they bring the new Transfomers they are doing in Japan over here ... all vehicles , but all different . . I could not understand the Japanese language = -RRB-
 If you 're a fan of `` The Transformers '' this is a must have movie . Remaining true to the series , but stepping to the next level for the big screen , this movie does something that they never would have considered in the series . They kill characters ! Not just one or two , but about six . They even go after the big kahuna ... Optimus Prime . The Dinobots , my personal favorites , and Grimlock in particular get some great lines and get to literally kick butt and munch metal . It 's definitely `` more than meets the eye '' . And the soundtrack which includes `` Dare to be Stupid '' by Weird Al Yankovic is great too .
 It all began when I was 5 years old , I started watching the T.V series of the transformers and I became addicted , simple as that . Later on I saw the movie and I was touched from the level of drama and excitment involved . The battle between the autobots and the decepticons has never been this strong . There should be no mistakes , this is A most watch movie for all ages .
 The Story deals with a Evil Planet named '' Unicron '' -LRB- Orson Wells -RRB- who plans on destroying Cybertron , and it 's up to Ultra Magnus -LRB- Robert Stack -RRB- and his fellow Autobots to kick his huge mechanical Butt . Amazing , Dazzeling , entertaining and action packed that will give you '' The Animated ride of your life '' on the screen , will satisify your taste for action . It 's got everything including a groovy soundtrack , a Must own for Anime fans.A Animation Classic alongside Akira , Ghost in the Shell , Ninja Scroll , Fist of the North Star , Heavy Metal , Rock and Rule , American Pop , The Professional
 I love Transformers the movie 20th Anniversary Edition ! This is a great new DVD edition of Transformers the movie ! This DVD includes interviews with director Nelson Shin , Story consultant Flint Dille , and voice-actor Susan Blue ! This are many new special features in ths DVD set including the Theatrical movie trailer , TV spots , American Transformers commericals and Japanese Transformers commercials ! The best special feature in this set is Japanese exclusive the Scramble City episode with Commentary ! I love this DVD ! A +
 I remember watching this movie as a kid , crying when Optimus died , being shocked when i heard a curse word in a cartoon , and cheering in the end . After I do n't know how many years , it is still great to watch it . The voice talents are spectacular , and the story line is top notch . This is not only a great cartoon , but a great movie . The only reason it is missing a star is because the DVD is stretching just to add extra features , they could have done better than a little commentary by the musical director and some story boards , but the movie is still awesome .
 THE Transformers ... Finally . Its been years since I saw it in the theatre . this is an awesome movie . It ends the original era of Optimas Prime and introduces Rodomus Prime and Ultra Magnus . A new era in transformers was introduced with this movie . Tis quite a cool movie .
 HOW ODD !!!!! just as it really counts the decepticons learn to aim straight managing to wipe out five of the original transformers in one go after numerous attempts . Much as this film is very very good and the music is outstanding . But it has as always all the same tramsformers inconstincies . But much to all our pleasure it has all the wounderful and debonair wit of Starscream that we have all come to know and love and with Leonard Nimoy adding a nice `` Edge '' to Galvatron ... Still all in all a Very Good Purchase .
 This is the best anime you could ever watch . The plot and the whole movie make sense . They could n't have made this movie any better . I loved it .
 The good guys are the Autobots ... . Their mortal enemies are the evil Decepticons ... The Autobots must save their home planet Cybertron from a killing planet called Unicron -LRB- Orson Welles do the voice except for the final scene -RRB- and defend themselves from the Decepticons . The DVD brings the much-requested `` unedited '' version and features 5.1 audio . Ca n't wait to receive it from Amazon !
 This movie shows the great showdown in one of the greatest 80 's animated series . In this movie you can expect the unexpected . This is an animated movie that can be enjoyed by people from any age . The soundtrack -LRB- which is 80 's rock -RRB- makes you feel like you are watching the movie in the 80 's again .
 This movie is the best cartoon ever . Autobots Vs. Decepticons in the war for Earth Megatron 's plan after he already won Cybertron from the Autobots . And if you really want to see Optimus Prime and Megatron fight , this is your movie . And of course we can not forget about Orson Welles 's voice as the evil monster planet Unicron . This is a must see movie for all ages . -LRB- Including the uncut version too -RRB- . To find it you can search The Transfomers The Movie . ...
 First I would like to give this movie a 6 not a five because it is so good . Action , animation , music , dialog , story , everyhthing delivered in the best possible way it could . No movie in the world can go by without its bad spots and the only bad spot is when there is a dance sequence but that does n't last to long to really matter so nevermind . I have just watched movie a few minutes ago and was blown away . I have seen it before but not in awhile . I was surprised at the big names that support the film . It went from good to great as the movie went on.Bye this now and then get the hailed sequel of this movie Return of Optimus Prime . I am eagerly awaiting this film and hope it is as good as i remember .
 very entertaining and never a dull moment action that is packed in this Movie . it 's got Orson Wells , Judd Nelson , Leonard Nimoy and so much others . this is a good purchase and if you love ID4 and so many of your childhood Films then this is the perfect film to add .
 It 's been about 12 years since i saw it first and even now i ca n't stop watching it . The transformer story kicked up a notch . More serious , never thought id see any of them die , but the carnage is massive , and the story line , along with the introduction of many new characters just adds to the already huge replay value . By far one of the most treasured films in my whole movie collection .
 I saw this in the movie theather . It rocked then and it still rocks . The story line is superb . The charactors are well written . The violence might scare some young ones . After I saw this movie I never stopped talking aobut it . I highly recommend it !
 i think transformers is a scifi classic of the 1980 tv series i love the movie but i wish the would come out with a dvd verson of the movie i think the best episode is the pilot episode more than meets the eye i hope they will bring out more transformers videos in the future transformers live for ever / transformers rule /
 I 'm a man of few words . I 'm twenty years old and I have seen a lot of movies , but Transformers The Movie will always be MY FAVORITE MOVIE . Those who ridicule it do n't know the whole story line , how it goes from Optimus Prime and Megatron into Rodimus Prime and Galvatron in such a fluid -LRB- and shocking -RRB- motion . If you like Transformers and never seen the movie , you 'll LOVE Transformers afterwards !
 as any knowledgable `` transformer kid '' will tell you , altough i am now no longer a kid ... SoundWave is NOT an autobot he is a deceptacon . Just a fix for all you transformer guru 's who were angry . 8 - -RRB- there problem solved
 BESTEST MOVIE EVER ! WITH THE GREATEST THEME SONG ! OH YEA OH YEA ! HOT ROD IS TOTALLY HOT PINK AND BRIGHT ORANGE ... I HAVE ONE THING TO SAY ... IT 'S AWESOME
 I can still remember talking to other kids during the time when this movie was going to be released -LRB- in the theaters , I think . -RRB- . Someone called it the movie with a `` UniCORN '' transformer in it . LOL I believe we were all 1st graders at the time.Because of the Transformers cartoon show on TV , I was SURE galvanized to buy all the toys ! However , everything slowed to a stop as soon as they killed Optimus Prime in this movie!Overall , the movie was just ok . I can still remember crying when Optimus Prime died when I first watched it when I was just little . Now , I just laugh at the end of that scene . lol -LRB- ... because it sorta saved a fortune ! LOL -RRB- And I do believe I had my first detention because of talking in class with another student about this movie . LOL
 If you were a kid during the 1980 's and you loved Transformers like I did , this is a must own .
 I was about 5 and whenever my parents took me to the movie store all I ever wanted to rent was Transformers and Gijoe the movies . That christmas my parents bought me original copies of both , which I watch still to this day . Just this past christmas I was overjoyed to recieve the DVD . To see the colors as vibrantes and hear the song , I also recieved the soundtrack . To me as a kid and now this movie represents the greatest view of heroism . The sacrafice of Prime and the never say die attitude of the autobots overcome the evil of unicron . I strongly recommend this movie which means a lot to me and still brings a tear to my eyes !
 Transformers.Need I say more ? One of the greatest things mankind has ever created is put on a 2-disc -LRB- thank God -RRB- 20th Anniversary Special Edition that hardcore geeks like me love . I bought this edition of the movie the day it came out . Best $ 15.96 I ever spent in my life . The first time I watched this movie I was around 6 . My dad showed it to me while we were at Blockbuster . I figured , hey , I like Beast Wars , maybe this will be better . I was flippin ' blown away . It showed me a lot of my firsts .1 . Someone Died2 . The voice of the guy on Unsolved Mysteries3 . The `` S '' word4 . Some people talk really fast5 . I like violenceI had no idea who these transformers were . All I new was Optimus Primal , Ratrap , Cheetor , etc. . I remember I thought Galvatron 's name was `` Gravytron '' and Unicron was `` Unicorn '' . I would go around school in first grade saying the `` S '' word . I had no idea what it meant . I did n't care . I just wanted to be affiliated with transformers . It shaped me to be what I am today . A semi-geeky-preppy-sporty with a big mouth . In the 5th grade I wanted to be a rapper called Optimus Rhyme -LRB- which some Nerdcore rapper stole frome me -RRB- . My life would n't be complete if I did n't get this DVD . If you do n't have this
 This company was very fast received the DVD within 2 days from ordering . The DVD works great I would definitely order from them again : -RRB-
 I dont know why I 'm seing somone write a negative review on something they already saw before and didnt like in the first place ? If you didnt like it why bother seing it again ? Was the memory so bad you thought in time they would have changed the DVD version ? ANYWAY , this movie has always been and will always be one of my favorite . I loved it when I saw it in theaters and I loved just having this on DVD . Ofcourse the big shocker is killing Optimus but in a way it gave this series a diferent edge . And Megatron never learns which realy isnt a new concept when it comes to his own plots and schemes . Anyway if you loved the movie when you first saw it and want this as a collectable then you will want to get this .
 To drum up publicity for the live-action Transformers movie next year , Sony Pictures has given the 1986 animated movie the deluxe treatment . This two-disc version promises a remastered , anamorphic widescreen transfer with `` corrected colors '' . No word yet on a remastered 5.1 audio track to go with that improved picture . Sony does include a fullscreen version of the film as well as a third version that borrows from VH1 's `` Pop-Up Video '' , adding interesting facts about the movie and other Transformer-related information while the movie plays . Other special features include toy commercials from back in the day and a commentary track with producer Nelson Shin and voice actress Susan Blu , who was the voice of `` Arcee '' . If you 're a fan , this is a no-brainer . Pre-order today !
 I grew up watching transformers on t.v. I am very happy that Transformers : The Movie finally came out on DVD . I hope that some day the rest of the original series will too be made to DVD . Then my own kids can see what I liked growing up and hopefully enjoy it as much as I did .
 My boys love the Transformers Movie . I have no complaints . It arrived timely and in good condition .
 The best cartoon ever . No other cartoon even comes close . even beterthan misson imposible !
 I enjoyed watching the film as well as the extra documentaries.I loved it
 by far , the best anime movie I 've ever seen . If I could , I would give it more stars . you must see this movie !
 I grew up with the Transformers and I have n't seen this movie since it was in the theatre . It brought back a lot of great memories , ...
 A great movie . Sure ... some things go unexplained and are out right funny ... but hey ... optimus prime and megatron fight to the death !
 I remember playing with transformers as a kid , but I do n't recall watching the cartoon that much . I just enjoyed trasforming a robot in my own hands . I also loved the mutation/transforming ninja turtles as well.I was not disappointed at all with this movie . Awsome soundtrack , cool action , and a great sense of nolstalgia . I recently saw the live action Michael Bay film in the theater , and it was pretty good , but it does n't live up to this movie . Long live Optimus Prime!P.S . - there is , indeed , a cuss word on here , but I do n't think it has to be controversial if you do n't let it be ...
 For me , this movie seperates , the G1 series in 2 , the 1st part , wich is all the episodes leading up to this movie , wich means earth bound transformers . And the 2nd part wich is space bound scatered gangs of transformers . I did n't get into the 2nd half as much , because its too disconnected from the earth bound tvshow , not that its bad or anything , just not great as it once was.i prefer G1 . plain and simple . and i 'm looking for transformers original tvshow on dvd from the 80 's . In this movie , we see the death of a hero , aka How to kill a franchise quickly !
 I ca n't say anything positive that no one else has , but I want to say this since I can not respond to every single idiot that gives low ratings . There is nothing wrong with having a difference of opinion , but most of the low ratings are n't intelligent responses by any means . Most of them are complaints about the quality of the movie , the music , and the animation . That 's like griping that Casa Blanca is black and white . Those with complaints of this nature are morons . Ridiculous .
 I love this movie . I love the new movie . I love Transformers . The fact that this one had Orson , however , is what does it for me . There is something about Unicron that just makes all other bots seem petty and small . Maybe it 's the voice ! :-RRB- Anyway , watch this if you were a kid in the 80s . Even if you were n't devoted to the show back in the day , it 's never to late to catch up .
 To be perfectly clear here , this review is CO-WRITTEN by a person who loved Transformers when they were at the height of their popularity . If you had a kid like that , your house was probably filled with various transformers , some of which linked together to make one HUGE transformer.I never fully appreciated the appeal of these toys but their power , their magic was indisputable . Day and night , they were a favorite toy , providing hours of imaginative play . If you were crazy about Transformers -LRB- or had a kid who was -RRB- you should relate to this review.Anyway , according to my co-writer , who still has a serious attack of nostalgia when it comes to Transformers , the newest movie `` sucks '' and this old version `` rules '' . I 'll concede to his opinion . I do know that the toys became popular after the tv show became a favorite of kids and , from that point on , names like Optimus Prime and Decepticon rolled off the tongues of my kids -LRB- all males -RRB- as they started collecting them like mad.Anyway , if you found the newest movie a disappointment , give this one a try . It certainly held the attention of a group of adult males who were suffering from some serious nostalgia -LRB- and disappointment -RRB- after seeing the newest movie . This one relieved some of that pain.So take that for what its worth - and see what YOU think.Also , check out these : Transformers Movie Leader Optimus PrimeTransformers
 This has to be one of the best animated movies from my childhood . Nothing brings back such a glorious 80 's sensation like this movie does . Naturally , I am probably a little biased because I grew up watching the Transformers cartoon and playing with the toys . But if anyone else did that like I did then they know this movie is the thing to have.I wo n't give away any plot but I will say that this movie definately has some high points . The battle between Prime and Megatron is great , the music totally fits with the film and in no way -LRB- at least in my opinion -RRB- dates it , and the creators actually had the guts to kill off a lot of established characters . Add some great voice acting in with those points and you have a great animated film.This is a great purchase for any Transformers fan , or any Sci-fi person .
 i think this is a very good video , cause it been modify and enchances color , so if you watch this during mid 80 , it still give you the best feeling you ever had just like 20 years a go , it worth to invest this DVD ...
 I 'm very satisfied with this dvd , very good quality and it has dolby digital 5.1 surround sound and 2.0 stereo option . I 'm very glad i 'd bought it because now my children can relate to the action figure of optimus prime i 'd recently purchased . But the thing i do n't like is the new theme song -LRB- background song -RRB- I still prefer the original one .
 The Transformers have always been a favorite of mine , and to finally be able to own this movie is awesome !!! As a fan I could watch this hundreds of times and still get caught up in the current emotion of the scene . I would give this ten stars , but it only goes to five !! This is a great deal with all of the bonus features !!!
 Great piece of the development of our movie history and one of the best 80s cartoons ever . If anyone is a Transformers fan , I recommend getting this movie and getting educated on the good cartoons !
 finally , this rare hard to find and most sought after animated films has made its way to Blu-ray and i could n't be happier . released in 1986 Transformers The Movie picks up after season 2 of the tv series , setting the stage for what is to come in seasons 3 & 4 . the video quality as by far better than the DVD counterpart , but is presented in only the theatrical widescreen format , and because the movie was originally animated in 4:3 then later cropped to 16:9 for theaters you 're actually losing the top and bottom of the picture . the audio is standard dolby digital 5.1 english but still sounds pretty awesome when Galvatron 's laser blasts are going past your head . the special features are in PAL format so if you live in an NTSC region you will not be able to access that part of the disc . however , because no U.S. company seems to want to release this classic and epic movie , this is your best bet of getting your hands on this film . better act fast cause no telling if this movie may go `` out of print '' again , then you 'll have to resort to shelling out hundreds of dollars for a copy off ebay
 love this movie , used to watch it with my grandkids back in the day . Came in great shape , not a scratch on the thing and played well with no problems .
 Quality is amazing , looks brand new even though it was listed as Very Good . Shipped same day as order , and came earlier than expected . Extremely satisfied with my purchase and glad I chose Knick Knacks !
 This Blu-ray version of the Transformers animated movie is , in a word , amazing . From the glorious 1080p/24fps , to the Dolby Digital audio . Just amazing . This is the version to get.I had absolutely NO ISSUES with playback . I have a Samsung BD player , and it played flawlessly on it . As a matter of fact , it even played the special features which are apparently in PAL format . However that might just be a feature my player has I wasnt aware of . I did take it to my nephews house , and his Sony BD player -LRB- not PS3 -RRB- had no issues playing the main movie , however it wouldnt read the special features . Guess it just depends . Most important is that the main movie itself will play on North American BD players.The picture quality is actually quite amazing . Considering the age of this movie , it really comes off looking quite good in HD . Yes , there are some artifacts like `` dirt '' or `` dust '' here and there , but really , it just makes it all the more special in my opinion . This is basically what it looked like when we watched it as kids in the theater . Ah the memories!I had no issues with the audio , and everything synced up great , and sounded amazing on my home theater . Nice and loud , just the way a movie with a great soundtrack like this should be.If I did have to find fault with this , its that there are no subtitles . However , a lot of TV 's will display them instead of thru the disc itself.I really cant recommend this enough . It doesnt seem like this will get an official BD release here in the US anytime soon , and while the price is high , you really get what you pay for . That being an excellent HD version of an awesome movie ... and it 'll make your generation 1 Transformers buddies jealous to boot !
 When I saw Transformers on Blu-ray , with snazzy hand-drawn cover art -LRB- my copy is Rodimus holding up the matrix with Unicron and all the other S3 characters -RRB- , I knew I 'd be satisfied with even a barebones release . But as it happens , this UK Madman release has extra features that rival even the U.S. Sony / BMG DVD release . Highlights include a Peter Cullen Q&A ; , the alternate Star Wars-style opening , awesomely bad Stan Bush music video , lots of toy commercials , and a PDF file of the movie script.The only problem with all of this is that all of the extras are in PAL format and not compatible with U.S. players . The version I bought of the movie was described as `` Region Free . '' That 's kind of true , as the feature film is presented in 1080p 24fps and playable anywhere . The special features are not , however , and I had to use computer software to be able to watch them . When I try to launch a special feature from my PS3 , nothing happens.So , with the bad news out of the way , I can say that I love this transfer . First , it 's genuine 1080 HD , certainly not upscaled -LRB- some YouTube uploads had me worried -RRB- . Second , it 's unabashedly filthy . Just the way I remember movie prints as a kid . We 're not talking Tarantino Grindhouse , here , it just feels like you snuck into the last theater left playing the movie . It 's refreshingly organic and fitting for an 80s cartoon . Thanks to blu-ray , digital artifacts are minimal -LRB- nice to see after the digital mess on the U.S. DVD -RRB- . Even the many `` strobe light '' sections fare pretty well.Bad things
 this movie is awesome . i love the animation in this film some of the best animation ever done . this movie was great now i ca n't wait to watch the tv series on dvd . i did n't become a huge transformers fan until i saw the live action movie . when i saw that they made an animated movie from the original tv series i had to see it . and i loved it , now i 'm even a bigger fan . this is a classic , they do n't make 'm like this anymore . if you have not seen this movie then i recommend you do .
 There are some bits of pop culture that end up occupying a far more important place in a person 's life than they possibly should because of the time and place of their arrival . Such is the case with the 1986 Transformers movie , which appeared on the big screen when I was about nine years old and at the peak of my obsession with the war between Autobots and Decepticons . I remember well receiving my first Transformer toy -LRB- well , actually it was a Go-Bot , the Transformers ' less popular cousins -RRB- from my dad in about 1984 when he returned from a business trip to Europe . I was hooked from then on and shortly before every birthday or holiday I would beg my parents for a few . I watched the TV show religiously from 1984 onwards , and was enamored with the heroic and wise Optimus Prime and his band of soldiers who spent every afternoon from about 3:00 until roughly 3:30 -LRB- with commercial interruption of course -RRB- defending the world from the increasingly zany plots of Megatron and his bumbling yet commitedly -LRB- or commitably ? -RRB- evil Decepticon forces.So of course I begged my mother to take me to see this movie , and arrived at the theater expecting to see the usual fare only on the big screen . What I saw was far different and drastically more traumatizing to my young mind . Within roughly the first fifteen minutes of the film , many of my favorite characters were unceremoniously gunned down by Megatron and his somehow-suddenly-much-more-powerful-then-ever-before Deceptions . A few of them even had quasi-gruesome deaths , if a robot can have such a thing , exploding in flames from within their metal `` guts . '' But nothing could prepare me from what was next . Optimus Prime , the reliable and strong Autobot Leader , was killed off by Megatron . Yes at least he put up an epic fight , but the effect was no less devastating for me . Optimus was more than just a cartoon robot for me , he represented a certain constancy and depth of wisdom and good which I KNEW had to always prevail . And there he was , not just dead but decaying and gray . I sat there aghast and then asked my mom if we could leave the theater . We walked out right as Unicron began attacking Cybertron 's moons.This moment was notable as the first act of cultural criticism in my young life . I decided that I did n't want to waste my time as well as my allowance money and voted with my feet . I have since used that technique more than once on the same principle.None of this stopped me from watching Season 3 of the Transformers TV show , where the Decepticons returned to their bumbling ways and nobody -LRB- major -RRB- except for Optimus Prime -LRB- for the second time , in an episode called Dark Awakening -RRB- died . However , I did n't fully understand who Rodimus Prime was and how he got there , so I began to wish I had sat through the movie just for some context.I saw the movie in full soon thereafter -LRB- I think it was actually on TV , aired in pieces -RRB- and by that I time had seen the Return of Optimus Prime episode which concluded Transformers Season 3 so I took comfort in the `` fact '' that Optimus never `` really '' died . By this time I was probably ten and with the life wisdom I had gained in my one additional year I was n't quite so sensitized to all the character deaths . What I saw was a fun , very Star Wars-derivative romp through an animated galaxy where our heroes faced danger at every turn . The Quintessons made for interesting villains -LRB- especially given the knowledge that they had created the Transformers in the first place ; the back story was provided in Season 3 of the animated series -RRB- and the sheer giant scale of Unicron was , well , freakin awesome . I saw the movie a few times after that and then soon thereafter became a teenager who was supposed to think toy robots were childish and therefore forgot all about this experience.Or did I ? As an adult , I found myself remembering this movie when the live-action Transformers films were released and wondered whether this bit of 80s nostalgia had any value . At first I watched it online -LRB- it can be found for free there -RRB- and then subsequently bought the DVD to see it on a larger screen . I can honestly say that watching this movie was a lot more fun and exciting than I had expected . The animation is n't so bad and the characters are actually pretty well written . The settings are pretty cool too -LRB- planet Junk being my favorite -RRB- and the plot has plenty of weird and unexpected twists and turns . For a 2-hour-long toy commercial this movie is pretty good . I also enjoyed the commentary provided by the film 's creators in the bonus material . They obviously did not know the impact that killing off Optimus Prime would have on youngsters , and it was amusing to learn that I was hardly alone in my extreme reaction to the film the first time I saw it . I felt like I had unwittingly been a part of a larger cultural experience shared by many , which is what happens when a piece of pop culture has a wider impact than anyone had expected.Now for the four stars - no this is n't a great cinematic triumph . But for what it is , taken as both an animated space adventure and a cultural landmark for those who came of age in the 1980s , it 's well worth a few viewings . I 'm not sure that it would have the same impact if seen by subsequent generations -LRB- given some of the video game content I 've witnessed , the violence here is hardly on the extreme side for them -RRB- , but for us 80s children , especially those who are feeling nostalgic , this DVD set is a worthy purchase -LRB- when it is available again , that is -RRB- .
 I grew up watching the Transformers in the 80 's . Transformers along with G.I. Joe were my Favorite Cartoons to watch . I waited yrs for it to come to VHS and when it did a couple yrs ago I Was Thrilled . It Brought back for me many found memories . I highly Recommend this Video .
 I enjoyed this movie very much . I am a serious transformer fan . I thought this movie was filled with action and adventure . Also in this movie there were some unexpected twists and turns . For instance when Optimus Prime got killed by megatron , and when Ultra Magnus was killed by Galvatrons airplanes , and finally when Hot Rod realesed the power of the Matrix and became Rodomous Prime .
 I could go on forever about why TFTM is my most sacred childhood film of all , but one thing that surprised me most , was the transfer quality!For an 80s film , the Picture and colours are better than i remember seeing at the cinema ! - really sharp and bright . Far superior than the re-released VHS copy i foolishly brought as well . For some unknown reason though , The quality declines a bit when they arrive on the junk planet -LRB- probably because of the amount of detail -RRB- As i said , Top film , Top disc - the ideal copy of TFTM to own forever . - what are you waiting for ?! - its cheap , so dump that old VHS copy and get the DVD now !
 I saw ` Transformers the Movie ' twice in the theatre ... did Spike really say that ` unspeakable ' word ? It was great to see several of the ` original ' Transformers , leading to the intro to the newer ones like Hot Rod , Blurr and Galvatron -LRB- the reincarnated Megatron -RRB- . A bit of action -LRB- could have used more but a plot was necessary -RRB- , one liners and the Dinobots ' love for Kup 's war stories ... classic .
 This movie kicks so much -LRB- ... -RRB- to a point . The reason I take one star away is the fact that seeing Optimus Prime die was one of the most traumatic experiences of my life . However , you have to admit that he goes down in a blaze of glory . With `` You Got the Touch '' playing in the background he destroys so many people before being taken out . I think the cheap replacement of Rodimus Prime is horrible and he was never as great as Optimus was . The other think I ca n't seem to understand is why the creators felt the need to put a curse word in a movie that the main audience is going to be 10 and under . What were they thinking ? Oh well , enjoy it cause this movie rocks with it 's banging music and crazy cast from Judd Nelson to Orson Welles .
 TF : TM has everything a Transformer fan could possibly want in a movie featuring those wacky robots in disguise . It 's been denounced by some as just being an overblown toy commercial , but so what ? It 's an entertaining film . It introduces a bunch of new characters , some of which are voiced by notable actors such as Robert Stack , Leonard Nimaoy , Orson Welles -LRB- in his last role before his death -RRB- , and Eric Idle -LRB- of Monty Python fame -RRB- . The animation is some of the best in the Transformers series and the soundtrack is strangely addictive . This has been one of my favorite movies for years and I would recommend it to any Transformer fan looking for a bit of nostalgia . The only disappointing thing about the DVD was the lack of features . There 's a 10 minute interview with the musical composer Vince DiCola and some storyboards of scenes that did n't make the final cut . Some trailers or toy commercials would have been nice but overall , I think this is a good purchase to make .
 Forget Beast Wars ! Forget Beast Machines ! This is the REAL Transformers here . There ai n't nothing better than the real thing ! I saw this movie back when it was in the theater 14 years ago when I was 6 . Needless to say it still blows me away with its immense storyline and character depth . And what voice talents ! Orson Wells , Leonard Nimoy , and Judd Nelson were great ! They could n't have gotten anyone better to play these roles . Of course , my favorite character is Kupp . The chemistry between him and Hot Rod is magnificant at least . I 'd say more , but I do n't want to spoil it for all those out there who have n't seen it yet . This movie is a must have in the video collection of any true fan of the REAL Transformers
 This movie is a must have for fan of anything Transformers . Even if you do n't know Optimus from Megatron , you will enjoy this movie . This movie introduces many new good and bad guys into the world of Transformers , also you witness the deaths of many old faces . I had seen it on video , and now own it on DVD , this unedited DVD version helps push the story along better than the VHS one . Plus you hear stuff that you would n't think you 'd hear -LRB- Spike says the s word -RRB- . If you like anything Transformers , or anime , you MUST buy this item . I promise you that you will not be disappointed .
 I own transformers the movie on video and I got to say it really is outstanding . I heard that it will be out on DVD soon . Ca n't wait to see what extras they will throw in with the DVD . Hopefully it will be popular enough to bring out the series -LRB- from the 80 's -RRB- also on DVD .
 I 've watched this movie over and over for donkeys years and I NEVER get tired of it . Transformers
 I have to admit that I am a big Transformers fan . The DVD is a must have for Transformers fans . The DVD includes a long interview with Vince Dicola , and drawn but not animated storyboards . Of course then we got the movie . You will also notice there were like brief and I mean very brief scenes you never did see on tv or vhs . It 's funny that when i watch it on Tv 13 years ago , all the violence was there from shooting Ironhides head to the robots burning in acid . Many people claimed that it never made it on tv but anyway on dvd this is your chance . Yes , the swear word which I never knew on tv was present in this version too . The extra they probably forgot to put was a trailer -LRB- if they had one -RRB- and Stan Bush 's `` you 've got the touch '' video , which was kinda dissapointing to find that it was n't there . Before I go , I repeat only for fans , as I began to mature I loved movies that had a touching or convincing story but , on Transformers the story was kinda pointless and many of the autobots were missing . For non-transformer fans this is like 1-3 stars only . FOr the rest of you
 Like almost everyone else who reviewed this movie , I grew up in the early 80s and loved Transformers . I went to go see the movie in the theater . Although , very disappointing , this DVD lacks a trailer and a wide screen format . The whole movie is like one long action sequence , which is very enjoyable , taking you to different planets and even inside enormous robots . On a sad note , I thought it was an unwise decision to kill off Optimus Prime at the beginning of the movie . The battle between him and Megatron -LRB- aka Galvatron -RRB- should have taken place at the end of the film . ... My favorite characters
 Loved the series when I was in a kid and I really liked the movie when it came out . If you liked the Transformers when it came out or if you like Beast Wars/Beast Machines now , this is worth the watch . But , WHY did they release this in pan-and-scan ??!!!! Even the worst movies are being released in widescreen on DVD . It makes a fan feel slighted .
 this is one of the greatest movies iv seen , animated or not . iv seen lots of anime and other cartoons , but none of the animation matches up with this movie . the one major problem with the film was that , it was hard for the rest of the movie to catch up with the first 20 minutes . the first 20 minutes was transformers action at its best . theres not much room for character development in the movie , but the show made up for that .
 As a long time fan of Transformers , watching every series since the beginning , I can remember watching this movie in the theatres with my mom . Boy did she ever not enjoy it ! But it brought a sense of excitement that no other movie has ever done in my life . Yeah , I think this movie/DVD has been reviewed to death , but as one of the millions of fans out here , I feel obligated to make a comparison . First of all , the Canadian DVD version made by Seville ... -LRB- um , who ? -RRB- has ABSOLUTELY NO EXTRAS WHATSOEVER ! Now does n't that make you all feel a little better ? I ca n't believe I shelled out money for a DVD with NOTHING extra on it !! Purely the fact that your DVD version has what it has makes it MORE than worth it . If you are a fan , buy this version . ` Nuff said .
 No doubt hidden in the 271 reviews that precedes my own you will find many of my ideas and thoughts about this movie . No matter , I still feel obligated to share what this movie meant and continues to mean to me . To begin , credit must be given to the composer and artist of this film . While , although sometimes a bit cheesy -LRB- ie . that same choo-choo-train sewer music playing whenever unicron appeares , which is borrowed from from ROCKY IV -RRB- , the music does energize the film at times and makes for a great soundrack . Next , despite what some others have said , the animation for this film was great for its time . I mean , who could ever forget that scene when Optimus decides , `` Megatron must be stopped -- no matter what the cost , '' and leaps into action blasting away . That 's the stuff great memories are made of . Conversely , however , the plot of this movie made perfect sense when I was ten years old , but now seems a bit weak . But what can you expect ? After all , it IS -- or WAS -- a childrens cartoon . More than anything I think this film represents the end of an era . While kids still have vivid imaginations and continue to love cartoons , I wonder if they will obsess over them -LRB- running home from school to make sure you did n't miss a minute -RRB- like we did . In these days of powerfull computers , DVDs , and Wallmart -LRB- hehe -RRB- , I do n't know if things will ever be the same . Bottom line , I love this movie not only for what it is -LRB- a childrens cartoon -RRB- , but for what we made it -LRB- a legend that defines a generation -RRB- . Autobots , transform and roll out .
 If you are looking for the `` original '' transformers , this is the one to get . I loved them as a kid growing up but never got to see the `` Movie '' at the theater . Many years later I bought this DVD and it conjured up delightful memories . The characters are the same as the original series but this movie seemed to have a different feel to it , maybe the change was for the big screen . Whatever the difference , it is well worth the price ... besides , why buy it on VHS when you can get the DVD for the same price ? I did n't give it 5 stars only because it is not in widescreen -LRB- since I missed it at the theater , I would like to get the complete aspect of the picture -RRB- . I am satisfied with my purchase , and thanks Amazon !
 Then you must buy this dvd.Ive seen this movie on VHS and was fairly dissapointed with the washed out colors . However this DVD has crisp clear picture and sound thanks to the 5.1 audio track.Though the disc lacks somewhat in special features , the chance to see the movie again in all of its glory makes it worth the purchase.I highly recommend it ...
 I admit it . I did n't see this in the theater . It was right around this time that the G2 models were coming out and I was getting a tad old . But this movie was a great way to link the two series together -LRB- Star Trek
 It is difficult to add to what has already been said about this movie . When a person sees that it has 161 reveiws , and that all of them gave the movie 5 stars , it makes one pause for a minute or two . I have n't seen this movie since it came out in the 80 's . I was not sure if it would be the same after all these years . All I can say is that it is as good today as it was in 1987 . The noble sacrifice of Optimis Prime , the way Rodimis dealt with Galvatron ... those scenes are classics . The soundtrack brought back so many memories of the 80 's . As others have said , this movie should be turned into a DVD . The only problems I had with the movie were the star wars like beginning with the narration -LRB- which was not part of the movie when I saw it in 87 -RRB- and the way they spoiled the ending with the narrator talking about Prime -LRB- another part which was not in the original movie -RRB- . For all Transformer fans and other anime fans , this is a great movie which brings back a lot of memories for old timers , and hopefully will spark new ones for others .
 I never saw this when I was young but had the toys and saw the cartoon series on TV . If you 're watching this for the first time in years , the first thing that you 'll notice is the soundtrack . The famous `` robots in disguise '' and `` more than meets the eye '' sound and the transformation sound!Musically , the film has a typical eighties synth score with those hilarious digipad drums ! Fight scenes between the robots are accompanied by a cheesy rock song ! Ugh.The animation is reasonable but not what you 'd expect from a feature film -LRB- even though it 's a cartoon , it 's not a patch on anything from Disney in the same era -RRB- . The plot is okay but of course it has be ludicrous for the film - a transforming planet that eats other planets . The death of Optimus Prime and the re-birth of Megatron are both `` classic transformers moments '' and I especially think Leonard Nimoy as Megatron/Galvatron did the best vocals job!Go on , revisit your past !
 one of the best Movies i 've seen , good Battles , neat Music , hokey Dialog but some good quotes , and so much great Fun you wish you can watch this Movie forever . i would also recommend this similar Movies to go with these one
 I grew up on Trans Formers and have many fond childhood memories watching this , so take it for granted that this review may be biased . I personally ca n't get enough of this movie . The animation is great , the best in the series . I dare to say the animation gives Titan A.E. a run for it 's money -LRB- but maybe I 'm pushing it -RRB- . In any case , it 's certainly some of the best animation to come out of the 80 's I believe . The music soundtrack is equally cool . I ca n't tell how many times I 've listened to it going to work , going to college and back home . It 's also one of the few American made cartoons that is n't some kiddie G rated Disney junk . It 's something kids can see with little to no problem for parents , but it 's also something an adult can see without that too familiar feeling of `` I 'm watching a cartoon . '' The only gripe I have with it is that I wish the re-release would not have added those dub overs during the beginning and ending credits , especially the one telling the audience Prime would return . But it was such a small thing , I 'm sure not going to let it get in the way of a 5 star rating . I ca n't express enough to Rhino how grateful I am that they 're bringing the Trans Formers back .
 Huh ? Full-length toy commerical ? Whatever ! Ya , they intro 'd new characters and made toys of them , so what ? TF
 `` Transformers the Movie '' is definitely one of my all time favorites . I still go back and watch it periodically to relive my kid days . The action and animation were good for the time . The music score was cool too , but I 'm awaiting the DVD version which will put it over the top ... I 'm glad to see i 'm not the only one that still gets choked up when Optimus dies . With that being said the best part of the movie has to be when the Autobots are getting pounded and Optimus says `` Autobots transform and roll out . . for the maybe the last time '' . The next scene is amazing as he rolls into battle , jumps up into the air , transforms , and starts blasting all of the Decepticons ... As he takes that mortal blast and is lying on his death bed , my heart just feels heavy ... Man i have to go and watch it again tonight ... * sitting here singing * . . `` You 've got the touch ... You 've got the power ! ''
 When I was a young teenager in the mid-80s , I used to watch the Transformers on the afternoon TV all the time , though it made me a little guilty . And I was also a little too embarrassed to go see the big movie about Transformers that came out at the time , so I never got to see it until just recently . Now , as things actually turn out , this is no little boy 's cartoon full of big robots blasting each other . Instead , this is quite an elegant sci-fi epic so artfully produced in the very vein of good old Japanese animation with its real emotional impact , real sense of humor , war-style violence , and oh , YES ! a little swearing and all - MUCH to my surprise , of course ! And yes , it is very touching to see a fatherly old leader of the good robots literally open up his heart to pass on the power of leadership to the nearby young warrior . However , I wish I can see more of the Dinobots and my favorite - the adorable little Bumblebee .
 When I was a little kid I used to be entranced by clips of a Transformers flicks messily recorded to a low quality beta tape . It was an obsession of mine . I recall being engrossed by the animation , the music , the battles , and the overall drama of it all . It 's been over ten years since I lost that tape and my memories of it became increasingly blurred . But the awe I felt whenever the movie was switched on never left me . A part of me felt just slightly empty in the duration of these numerous years , and I always gained a slight satisfaction whenever I tried to conjure up the memories of this enigmatic Transformers film.Well , after all these years of emptiness , I suddenly had an epiphany
 I grew up on tranformers , I lived transformers.I ate transformers.The day my dad took me to see transformers the movie at the cinema was the happiest day of my life , and to this day it still is.But deep down inside i morn , I morn at the fact that optimus prime is gone . I know he reappered in other epissodes by the fact is he died.The true leader and my hero i grew up with , my idol.To this day i wish it did n't happen and every time i watch the movie i feel like it was the very first time.But all things die , people die , and even transformers die . To Optimus Prim i shall forever miss you ...
 With all due respect to Mr.Leonard Maltin , I have to say that I really enjoyed this movie . The soundtrack is excellent-Dare To Be Stupid and Nothin 's Going To Stand In Our Way are my favorites , but all of them are good - and fit in well with the particular scene in which they appear . Also , the characters were great ! Everyone remember Hot Rod ? I was a Transformers fan when I was a kid , and always will be , but even if you are n't you still have to see this movie .
 I have never seen the original cartoon , just so you know this is not a biased review . But , this video was at my local video store . I heard great things about it , so I decided to rent it . And boy , it was good.The plot is pretty simple . A planet eating monster dubbed Unicron is awakened and plans to devour the universe 's energy . During that time , the Decepticons raid the Autobot base of operation . In one final fight , Megatron finally kills Optimus Prime . Barely , to say the least . So Optimus passes the Matrix of Leadership to Ultra Magnus , who needs to beat the mysterious Galvatron , the leader of Unicron 's army , with his a small group of annoying Dinobots , the cocky Hotrod , a yound boy -LRB- who 's not nearly as annoying as the kids in recent Transformers shows -RRB- , and more . As the movie ends , the chosen one must use the Matrix to defeat Galvatron and destroy Unicron.I was actually really surprised with some twists such as Optimus finally being destroyed by his arch enemy Megatron , who is revealed to be Unicron 's general named Galvatron , and Hotrod becoming the chosen one who destroys Galvatron and wipes out Unicron with his new , pumped up powers . Unicron was a good movie villain , even if he was n't at his full potential most of the time . Megatron 's voice was unfitting , but Galvatron 's was perfect . I was actually incredibly sad that Optimus died with no satisfaction by the one he swore to destroy with his last breath . Starscream finally gets what he deserves . There is something you notice at te end , actually . On one of the planets the Autobots land on , Ultra Magnus is destroyed . But at the end , Magnus can be seen with the other Autobots ! Obviously a flaw in animation.The fights are excellent and beyond regular animation battles . Megatron was an exxcellent example of fighting dirty , and it was fun viewing.This is for any fan of science fiction and cartoons . Just keep it away from the kids .
 Ah , the summer of 1986 . . I saw this movie twice -- the second time , because I was too scared to go see ALIENS . . As a kid back then , i was totally into going to see this film -- and I was not disappointed -- I felt the death of PRIME was done tastefully -- I felt then , as I do now , that comic-book/animated action shows should deal more directly with the consequences of violence , that sometimes people DO get hurt and die -- the anti-injury imperatives imposed on most post-70 's animated US shows are potentially more injurious in terms of perception of reality , than the reality that some people feel they 're protecting kids from -- Enough ranting -- this film introduced many `` new '' characters into the Transformers canon , including Kup , Hot Rod , Galvatron , and more -- Most importantly , Arcee , the female Autobot , makes her debut ! You would think that all the Transformers were monks ! Also , like Optimus Prime , many characters meet their final fate in this film -- Such is the nature of war ... The Autobots ' human sidekick Spike was college-aged during the TV show ; in the movie , he 's all grown-up , with a son , Daniel . Like his father , Daniel is drawn into the Autobot/Decepticon war whether he likes it or not ... Spike even gets to utter a mild expletive , which caused a few laughs in the original theatrical version -LRB- it was excised from the original VHS home version -RRB- . . The planet-sized threat of Unicron is reminiscent of the character Galactus in Marvel Comics ' FANTASTIC FOUR comics . . Seemingly omnipotent , granting powers to those who will do his bidding , and needing the energy of entire planets to survive ... The connection is made even more curious when one considers that Marvel 's Animation Studio in L.A. was key in co-producing the TV series , along with Hasbro 's SunBow productions.Unfortunately , even the celebrity voices in the cast -LRB- Star Trek 's Leonard Nimoy , Judd Nelson in his brat-pack heyday , and the legendary Orson Welles -RRB- could n't make this film a hit at the box office . The toy tie-ins were obvious , and , to many , this film just smacked of commercial exploitation . . But to fans of the show , it was way beyond a simple excuse to say `` buy this stuff ! `` On top of all that , is the sobering reality that in the United States , animation , as a story-telling form , is seemingly cursed to be perceived as only valid for telling stories to children . in Japan , anime ' has long been an accepted element of adult-consumed pop-culture . But even the technically excellent TITAN A.E. -LRB- produced by the now-defunct 20th Century Fox Animation Studios -RRB- could not escape reaching only animation cultists at the box-office . Certain inroads have been made -- for example , the SIMPSONS TV show has been a hit with adults for well over a decade now -- and the recent success of Dreamworks ' SHREK 1 & 2 and Disney/Pixar 's collaborations -LRB- Toy Story , Finding Nemo , Bug 's Life , The Impossibles -RRB- has revealed that adult appeal and animation do n't have to be at odds with each other . . A Japanese-produced sequel to THE TRANSFORMERS has been airing on cable and is being produced for home video now -- Perhaps , if it is a big enough hit , we may see a long-delayed sequel in the franchise ...
 It all started when i was in 1st grade.It was love at first sight.The show was the coolest thing i had ever seen.That 's not the point.I watched the movie several times.More than the show.My parents would watch it with me.They liked it just as much.Now It 's been 8 years since I 've seen it.I found two posters and the whole thing came back to me.It 's cool , It 's the best EVER !!!
 In all honesty , I do n't own this yet . But I can tell you right now , I WILL be buying it . I have the VHS edited version , but I want the DVD bad . I grew up watching the cartoon . Every day after school , I would tune the satellite in and watch Transformers , GI Joe , and Mask . Transformers is by far the epitomy of 80 's cartoons . I watched this movie for the first time in about 12 years , 2 years ago . And at 18 I cried when Optimus died . Few other cartoons or movies have that kind of nostalgic hold on me . I mean , the movie alone will sell , but to add all the interviews and extra stuff that comes with DVD 's , how can you go wrong with this one ? I just wish I had more than 5 stars to choose from , this is definitely a 10 .
 First of all I like to point out that this movie is the longest toy commericial to date . The transformers were a fad in the 80 's that all the boys wanted , including me . They would morph into random items and well , later on some of the robots morphed into some really weird stuff . Anyway , this movie starts off with a planet full of robots being destroyed by a big , scary , evil planet named Unicron , voiced by the evil Orson Welles ! How appropriate ! So pretty soon you see a battle taking place between the Autobots and the Decepticons . You 're introduced to an endless slew of robots with very `` clever '' at least the people who made them thought so , names . While the robots are fighting you witness some of the WORST jokes ever to be burned on a DVD . Like this one for example : -LRB- Fortress is shaking -RRB- Jazz -LRB- voiced by Scatman ! -RRB-
 When I got this home and in my dvd player I quite literally shuddered in anticipation . The experience of starting this dvd just gave me such a thrill . I mean I loved transformers as a kid ! And I still do as an adult . Rhino did an excellent job putting this on DVD and the image quality is superb -LRB- much better then the VHS I bought 6 months ago before learning of the coming dvd release -RRB- . Best of all the DVD is NOT the same pared down version of the vhs and has the original dialogue -LRB- no more of that idiotic extended narrative from the vhs . -RRB- My only problem with the dvd is the lack of a widescreen transfer . the extra features are limited to those used to latter day dvd extras but surprisingly good given the age of the original material -LRB- which would also explain the widescreen problem -RRB- . My recommendation is that if you at all loved Transformers as a kid or are any sort of Anime/Animation fan you must get this movie .
 This is an instant Classic , I Have the new Version in the clamshell which I was A little Mad at all the New Garbage they threw in there like yove never heard of tansformers , You Know the Star Wars Beginning , And the Guy talking at the end `` Dont worry the transformers will be back '' but other than that its a great movie . I have the classic version , not from Canada , I remember seeing it in the movies with my bro and my dad , Hell I was only like 5 Im 18 now and I have alkl the toys , and all the episodes . With the Voice talent of all the great guys like lenord Nimoy , Orsen Wells , Judd Nelson , Scottman Cruthers , Even Kasey Kassem snuck in there . Tons of Action . They introduced a ton of new Charecters , so that means they Killed off all the greats like Prowl , Ratchet , Wheeljack , Windcharger , Iron Hide , Even Prime Folks , But primes death is in Hot rods Hands And Hot Rod Bassicly Pulled the dam trigger for Megatron , and how did he kill prime well just see the movie . Cool See ya
 This is one of my all-time favorite movies and always will be . Partly because of the memories it brings back , and partly bcus of the sensation you get from truly watching the movie . Today Japanese animation is the big rage , but what most people dont realize is this is what started showing americans japanese animation . The scene where Prime says Megatron must be stopped , is pure action . If you have seen alot of anime -LRB- japanese animation -RRB- you will see traces of it in here . It is a non-stop thrill to the senses . The soundtrack is all 80s rock which is really the best type . All in all , a great viewing experience . Enjoy !
 I like this movie a lot , despite , or maybe because of , its flaws . Any movie based on a cartoon series and toy line that has several of its cartoon and toy characters killed off is destined to become some kind of classic . However , any claims that this film 's animation are superior to Disney 's are completely ludicrous , though I suppose Disney would be unable to make a film like this , for other reasons .
 One of the best animated movies ever created . . Full of action and has a great story . .
 I remember way back , the obession known as The Transformers . In fact I am still into these guys , and when I heard that the excellent Transformers
 This movie is a classic . All Transformer fans have been waiting a long time for this to come out .
 Come on people . This is the Transformers . If you were growing up in the 1980 's this is the best cartoon saga ever made . This was a movie that help define part of a generation . This is what we watched when we are growing up . This movie is a part of the childhood of many people . The animation is great , the story is great , the animation is excellent . I mean the epic battle between Optimus Prime and Megatron . Fear , War , Pain , Death , Courage , Destiny , and most of all Hope . This movie is it !
 This was the grandest transformers project ever to be taken.The music was taken from the hottest starts , The voice-actors were top notch , The animation was good , You had the biggest transformer ever.All in all Transformers - The Movie is quite good , and quite sums up the transformers area -LRB- and closes the chapter on the original incarnation -RRB- . See how megatron was handled , see the fate of optimus prime , see what happens to skyscreamer and more!This movie brings out a lot of childhood memories of zoning in-front of the TV , good fun !
 Unlike many things I used to like and am rediscovering to find I dont like as much , Transformers has only gotten better with age ! Man , its like the best of western animation and japanese in an incredible amalgamation ! if you 've never seen the Transofrmers , do n't be influenced by their bastardized offspring , beast wars , this cartoon was and is great !
 Needless to say , this movie is a deep well of nostalgia for fans of the old series , but the emotionalism is well justified ; this was a terrific series and the movie more than another avenue for the Transformers marketing phenomenon of the 80 's . The characters are well developed and the action is intense . Sycophant or not , I can not think of a more worthy big screen adaptation of an animated television series . Batman
 Even though me and all my buddies have gone off to college or the Army or whatever , we still get together and watch this wonderully awesome flick . From the incredible array of voices , to the cheesy eigthies metal soundtrack , and the eventual showdown of good vs evil , this is the feel good movie , esp for those children of the eighties . I must say that I have enjoyed being the envy of all my friends for being one of the first to by it and the only one anyone knows that has the movie . I am pleased to hear that it was re-released so now all my friends wo n't want to borrow it . -LRB- five people have dibs on it next after I get it back from someone else . -RRB- This one was the climax for the Transformer fans out there . Get it now !!!!!!
 THE TRANSFORMERS were a cornerstone of many childhood fantasies -LRB- even my own -RRB- . The movie goes above and beyond the series and deals with many issues which are hidden to the children in the audience but seem all too real watching it as an adult . As a long time runner of the comic convention circuit I can tell you that this movie can always be found in the `` hack-mall '' of any good convention but they are usually poor-to-fair only copies . Buy this one before it becomes unavailable again .
 When I was little I used to watch the show . And when the movie came out my older brother had the movie . It was my favorite movie at the time . I could n't get over it . My brother had all the toys and I broke them all . Then he moved out and took the movie with him . This happened when I was about 4-6 years old -LRB- I 'm 14 now -RRB- . Anyway a couple of months ago I was reading a magazine and came across a movie review about Transformers . And at that point I started remembering the songs and when Optimus died and I begged my parents for it . Now I have it and I ca n't stop watching it . Everything about the whole story line is just amazining . This movie is for everybody . It should defenitly be made into a DVD .
 I too saw the movie in the Theaters back in the 80s , I too cried , when Optimus died . And shock when Starscream was destroyed . This movie is one of the few movies that I have searched for , and was lucky to come accross a copy about a 3 years ago . It was and is worth looking for and paying any price . But do n't forget the vocies , perhaps the best collection of vocies such as Robert Stack , Orson Wells , Leonerd Nimoy -LRB- Spok from Star Trek -RRB- who is the vocie for Galvatron . Also Judd Nelson , Eric Idle , and Wierd Al. . . I strongly suggest people who are fans and any kind of animation to get a copy of this historic animation movie ...
 When I was a little boy I love Optamis Prime . The movie made him a legend . Today viewer of the new show probably donot now who prime is but I will alway remember .
 Transformers
 I 've seen this movie and loved it and this is the first time I 've actually seen it available for sale anywhere ... a quick question though for anyone out there who knows anything about NTSC ... I 'm in Australia , if I buy this movie will I be able to play it on my video player ??? email me back if you have any advice.Thanks
 Ok , back in '87 i went to the movies with my Dad and watched this flick . Let me just say now that Hasbro made a ton of money off of me when i was a kid , something my Mom & Dad did n't appreciate all that much , but I still got most of the toys -LRB- which my parents later sold for fifty cents & up at a yard sale ... DAMN THEM !!! -RRB- Anyhow , I was twelve and this movie kicked me in the butt ! I loved it ! Went to go see it 3 more times -LRB- do n't laugh -RRB- and rented whenever I could . Then I grew up and for years I could n't find this movie anywhere ! Ah , I 'm just rambling now ... but if you liked the toys , the series , and especially the movie , you 've got to see this again !
 I saw this movie in theatres when I was 11 years old . Needless to say , it was rough . One of this movie 's greatest strengths is that it transcends the original -LRB- and somewhat cliched -RRB- animated series and became something more . This was the moment when the Transformers became more than a mere toy-line , but an actual Science Fiction saga.I had never before seen a hero I cared about die before . Optimus Prime had been one of my idols for a long time , and to see him wounded -- to see him die -- was something I would never forget . Yeah , it 's easy to say he was just a cartoon character . But to an eleven year-old kid , he was one of my role models . Kudos to voice actor Peter Cullen -LRB- the voice of Prime -RRB- for making his sacrifice poignant and real . See this movie .
 I remember Transformers when I was a kid . They were the greatest toys . Seeing the Movie was a great experience . To bad Optimus Prime died , but at least he took Megatron with him . This film does bring back great memories .
 This is the definitive movie of the 80s ! With a twist-laden storyline and detailed animation -LRB- during its time -RRB- , Transformers the Movie blew me away when I first saw as a kid . Fast forward years later and it still blows me away . The creators were brave enough to kill off the popular characters so you have a sense of unpredictability and they also made the Decepticons more sinister and less fumbling than the series . The voices of Orson Welles , Leonard Nimoy , Eric Idle , Robert Stack , Judd Nelson , among others add a `` bigness ' '' in the movie . The soundtrack , though cheesy , is a sheer guilty pleasure . From the title track that antedates The Darkness to the Van Halen/Survivor sounding songs of Stan Bush , Dare and The Touch -LRB- which resurfaced as the song being recorded by Mark Wahlberg in Boogie Nights -RRB- , it is a perfect companion to the blistering action of the Autobots vs. Decepticons . What makes it less than perfect ? The design of Rodimus Prime -LRB- a Lamborghini with a trailer ?! -RRB- . Did n't like it then , still do n't like it now . Yet , it is still my favorite animated movie . It 's also my 6 year old kid 's favorite .
 Some on the reviews on here are rather unfair , like the guy who says his favourties , the twins were n't in it -LRB- actually they were in a couple of scenes that were left on the cutting room floor -RRB- , but then fails to get the names right of his ` faves ' -LRB- its SunSTREAKER , not Sundowner -RRB- . Also , the guy who complains its nothing but one big advert . Well , I hate to shatter your illusions , but so was the original cartoon ... aaand the comics ... aaand the countless other items of merchandising.This movie is no more blatant an advert than the cartoon show was.So , the negatives for me
 I love this movie I was a huge transformers fan and still is so only those who remember those times can relate best first of all it was bad when they killed prime , the last fight between him and megatron was tight and before that optimus just shot all the decepticons in 30 seconds cool designs I loved the part where unicron changed megatron to galvatron then went and killed starscream he just turned to stone and crumbled . the dinobots were cool hot rod , blurr , kup , the jinkions , the sharkticons , lots of old characters died and new ones came anyway a good film still worth watching .
 If you have n't seen Transformers the Movie , now 's your chance to own it on DVD . This is a must if you 're collecting all the episodes , as it comes straight after season 2 , and creates an opening for season 3 . Megatron is heavily damaged from 1 on 1 fight with Optimus Prime , so Unicron gives him a new body . Megatron becomes Galvatron and destroys Starscream for trying to become the new Decepticon leader . At the same time Optimus Prime ceases to function , and passes the Matrix on to Ultra-Magnus . The battle continues , only now it 's not Megatron VS Optimus Prime , but Galvatron VS Ultra-Magnus . Buy this , as it will give you knowledge of more Transformers characters in the one film than any episode by itself.I still have n't seen all the episodes , but I 'm gon na buy all the Seasons that Rhinovideo release on DVD , hurry up Rhino , I 'm hungry .100 % TF fan
 This movie is the bomb ! I remember watching it back in elementary school '80s stylee . If you 've seen Boogie Nights and remember when Whalberg was singing `` You 've got the Touch '' , that song was rocked out in this movie.Also , I will admit , I cried when Optimus Prime bit the big one .
 Robots Die . Robots get eaten.Big Demon looking Robot . Great Movie . Buy it , if you like The Transformers .
 I just Love the Transformers ... they are the reason . . why I love being a kid of the 80s era ... the Transformers is what me made start watching Japanese Animes ... I loved robots ... and when I saw this anime . . I was just hooked on it ... it is a another version of good -LRB- Autobots -RRB- Vs. evil -LRB- Decepticons -RRB- type of battle.there were a lot of robots . . I especially like those transformers that combine into a bigger robot ... the Constructicons , Stunticons , Combaticons , Aerialbots , and all the others.this is a part of my childhood . . and my past ... so now that I 'm 23 . . I still would like a part of my childhood to be a part of me now ... to Rhino and Company ... WAY to Go Peepps ... You guys are the Best ... hope you have more Transformers memories to release.Oh and by the way ... could you guys bring back the Transformers on DVD not VHS ... cause a DVD lasts longer than tape . . DVDs does n't build up with MOLD ... VHS does ... that 's how I lost my Transformers the Movie ... from the MOLDS that accumilated in my VHS.Thanks again RHINO ... hope you cold also bring back ... the SilverHawks , Sky Commanders , Challenge of the Gobots , Visionaries , and more TRANSFORMERS !!
 This was the first DVD I bought for my library , months before I even bought the player ! I was in a comic book store saw it as I was heading toward the register . Knowing that I would eventualy buy a DVD player I jumped at the oppertunity . I was always a fan of the tranformers ever since I saw the pilot episodes , which has been my most recent purchace . I suggest that anyone who reads this follow my lead and buy this DVD for your own collection , or make it your first and give yourself a reason to buy a DVD player .
 Well I have had this movie on VHS for about 10 years now , and have watched it many a time . I was 14 when the movie came out , but never got to see it at the theaters -LRB- could n't get a parent to go -RRB- . The reason I am giving it 4 stars instead of 5 is not due to the movie , it 's 5 + stars , it 's the acutal dvd . I got one , that was scratched , and could n't view the extra features stuff . I would click on it , and it would start playing the movie , or I would n't click anything , and the movie would start . I could pick chapters , but if I was n't quick it would start playing the movie . Well I thought it must be due to the scratched DVD so Amazon was nice enough to send me a new one , it had no scratches , but has the same problem . So it looks like it is a programers problem on the side of who made the dvd . Besides that -LRB- was hoping to see that extra stuff -RRB- the dvd is very good .
 Yeah I 'm sad for pointing this out , but maybe there 's loads of others have too , I just have n't been botherd to check . Soundwave was n't an Autobot as the editorial comment states , he was a Decepticon as far as I can remember .
 THIS MOVIE IS TIME & PLACE WHERE I DRAW ALLOT OF MY SCIENCE FICTION IDEAS FROM AND AS A LIFE LONG TRANSFORMERS FAN THROUGH ALL THE INCARNATIONS I 'M PRIVY TO THE ORIGNALS VERSUS THE NEWER CONCEPTIONS AND RE-INTERPETATIONS . THIS IS HOW CARTOONS AND ANIMATED MOVIES ARE SUPPOSED TO BE DONE THIS MOVIE IS A CLASSIC IN MY EYES AND IT 'S FUNNY HOW IT IS 2005 WHICH THE MOVIE IS SET IN . CAN WAIT FOR THE LIVE VERISON THOU HOPE THEY DO N'T MESS IT UP THOU .
 AWSOME MOVIE ! I DO N'T CARE IF I 'M 30 OR 50 OR EVEN 90 , I WILL NEVER LOOSE MY RESPECT FOR THIS MOVIE ! Trust me , if your goanna see it for the first time , You 'll love so much . My oldest brother is 24 and he 's been loving it since he was in Pre School . He 'll never hate , neather would me . It includes Unicron , Alot of Autobots die including Brawn , Iron Hide , Prowl , and yes Optimus Prime ! So stop watching that brand new transformers and get into the OLD ! Transformer Fan 4ever
 THIS MOVIE IS THE GREATEST MOVIE EVER MADE . HOWEVER GREAT CHARACTERS DIE IN THIS MOVIE OPTIMUS PRIME PROWL AND IRONHIDE AMONG OTHERS . ALL TRANSFORMERS FIGHT THE GREATEST EVIL EVER KNOWN IN UNICRON WHO MAKES MEGATRON AND GALVATRON WHO ARE THE SAME ROBOT LOOK LIKE GOOD HEARTED SOULS . WE SEE A NEW AUTOBOT LEADER COME IN THIS MOVE RODIMUS PRIME FROM HOT ROD . AND TONS OF NEW CHARACTERS TOO.GO OUT AND GET THIS MOVIE IF YOU LOVE THE TRANSFORMERS IT IS WELL WORTH IT .
 What were the people @ Rhino thinking by not releasing the original widescreen version of the movie . Do they know that there are people out there with large sums of disposable income who have & will spend thousands on widescreen HDTVs in the very near future . I wo n't even rent a fullscreen movie , muchless buy one ! Let me relive my childhood in widescreen you heartless bastards . And to those of you who do n't like widescreen movies because of the black bars @ the top & bottom of your antiquated TV sets , it 's time to upgrade . What ca n't afford a new TV , to damn bad ! Till all are one ! P.S. Stop making fullscreen DVD 's
 I remember when I was a little kid , just getting into action figures . I stuck mainly with G.I. Joe -LRB- I recommend the G.I. Joe movie as well -RRB- , but my brother was a huge Transformers fan . Just stepping into his room , I could see walls filled with figures . Seeing huge , detailed mechs transform into beetles and cars just made G.I. Joe seem so plain . I was hooked on Transformers -LRB- good thing my brother and I had a pretty good relationship , because when he got tired of toys and cartoons , I got all his swag ! HA ! -RRB- . Then the movie came out ... What can I say ? It 's a classic . The animation has aged pretty well , the dubbing still holds up today -LRB- I just found out that Eric Idle was in this movie ... weird -RRB- , and the story is deep and weaving to top it all off . Looking back on it now , I 'm really amazed that a movie like this could make a PG rating . Death , destruction , violence ; everything animation companies put out now is pretty tame compared to this.Also , if you 're picking this up , spent the extra ten bucks on the Vol . 7 - Return of Optimus Prime , since it ties up a lot of confusing loose ends in the movie .
 Hey y' all , Just got my Transformers DVD the other day and I have to say I was thoroughly impressed with the quality of the DVD transfer . I 've had the video , which I thought was decent . But clarity , color , and crispness of this DVD version is remarkable . I am yet another one of the millions of bona fide Transformers fans out there who can tell you that this movie is one of the best animated movies ever made . A solid story , strong voice cast , excellent animation by the Japanese artists , and engaging and appropriate soundtrack by Vince Di Cola . I have to say that I do n't know any other movie in which the music meshs so well with the actual movie . Very well done . I know this movie backwards and forwards , and I could even quote you line by line . I love it . This was THE kid 's show of the 80 's . This movie just brings back so many childhood memories . Now for the quips
 This movie is the best and the craziest movie that ever came out on vhs for transformers . Optimus Prime dying , Megatron becoming Galvatron , Galvatron being destroyed , and the always remembered , epic battle against Unicron . This movie is great and i hate that you can only go up to 5 stars . This is definetly a movie you would want to add to your Transformers collection . Comment and please rate ! Thanks for reading !!
 I was a HUGE fan of the Transformers -LRB- G1 -RRB- when I was a kid and I 'm no less of a fan of the series -LRB- and the movie -RRB- now than when it was released into the theaters back in 1986 . However , the movie ended up being a DRAMATIC departure from the more `` kid-friendly '' TV series , as was made painfully clear during the first 30 minutes of the film when several beloved Autobot characters die VIOLENT deaths at the hands of Megatron and the Decepticons , including , most sadly , Optimus Prime . The main plot of the movie revolves around the struggle between the Transformers and a giant planet-eating monster named Unicron , who initially forms a tentative alliance with a dying Megatron , later rebuilt by Unicron into Galvatron -LRB- essentially Megatron with a new body -RRB- , in order to help him destroy the Autobot Matrix of Leadership from the Autobot 's new leader , Ultra Magnus , one of many new characters introduced in this film . In a plot somewhat derivative of Star Wars , one of the main characters ends up unlocking the power of the Matrix and leading the Autobots to victory against Unicron and the Decepticons . Although there are a small number of cheesy scenes in the movie -LRB- i.e. the characters dancing with the Junkions -RRB- , the movie , by far , was extraordinarily entertaining and the first 30 minutes were simply spellbinding to watch starting with Unicron mercilessly devouring an entire planet , the Decepticons launching an all-out assault on the Autobots ' new base on Earth , and Optimus Prime and Megatron finally having THE ULTIMATE FIGHT TO THE DEATH that I had long been waiting to see . The action in the movie is complemented by the excellent guest voice talents of Robert Stack , Judd Nelson , Lionel Stander , LEONARD NIMOY , and Eric Idle , as well as the original voice talents of Peter Cullen -LRB- Optimus Prime -RRB- and Frank Welker -LRB- Megatron -RRB- from the series . I thought that the dialogue in the movie was also written extremely well with many memorable lines that are too numerous to mention here . The animation in the movie is also quite superb , particularly when contrasted with the animation in the TV series.The soundtrack for the movie is simply outstanding , particularly songs such as `` The Touch '' and `` Dare '' , both performed by a little known rock artist named Stan Bush . The synthesizer-laden instrumental score was composed and performed by another little known rock artist named Vince DiCola , who also scored Rocky IV , and is perhaps one of the best instrumental scores for a movie that I 've ever heard with the possible exception of John Williams ' score for Star Wars . Although some of Vince DiCola 's magnificent score is available on the movie soundtracks that have been released -LRB- check out the 2007 release for more of the score and an alternate version of the main Transformers theme -RRB- , the availability of any full-length recordings of his score has been exclusively limited to people attending past Bot-Con conventions and even Mr. DiCola himself reports that he is unsure of any future releases of the score -LRB- although albums containing score demos and outtakes are available on his record studio website -RRB- . Hopefully , a full recording of the soundtrack will be made available someday . I listen to the soundtrack quite frequently even nowadays and it is one of the few albums that never really get tired of listening to but , of course , I definitely wish that more of the score was available . A remix of `` The Touch '' by Stan Bush and a Transformers-inspired song called `` Til All Are One '' were recently included on Stan Bush 's latest album -LRB- In This Life -RRB- . Both of these songs are definitely worth downloading.There is not really too much about the movie that I did n't like other than the fact that it seemed like the directors killed off way too many Autobots -LRB- and not enough Decepticons -RRB- , mostly classic first season characters -LRB- Ironhide , Ratchet , Brawn , Prowl , Wheeljack , Windcharger -RRB- and the movie was fairly limited in terms of the numbers of the characters , both Autobot and Decepticon , it showed considering the number of characters introduced throughout the series up to that point . Also , there were some continuity problems with the series although I do n't really hold them against the movie . For instance , the Autobot Matrix of Leadership was never mentioned anytime during the series prior to the movie . Also , there was no explanation given for how the Decepticons ultimately conquered Cybertron , the existence of Cybertron 's moons , and the creation of Autobot City . Optimus Prime 's death was also really hard for me to deal with . How the writers thought that they could kill him off in the movie and NOT expect an angry backlash from ardent fans of the series is beyond me . It does help knowing -LRB- now anyway -RRB- that Optimus Prime DOES properly return towards the end of the 3rd season of the G1 series and is back in the truncated fourth season . However , when I was a kid , not knowing this , I remember being REALLY sad over his death and , in fact , I think that it was the only time I ever cried over a fictional character.Overall , I must say that Transformers The Movie is probably one of my all-time favorite movies , eclipsed perhaps only by the Star Wars movies and is one of the few movies that I 've seen that I could easily watch several times without ever really getting tired of it . It is definitely recommended for anybody who enjoyed any of the Transformers series , particularly the G1 series that it is based on . Sci-fi and anime fans will almost certainly enjoy it as well .
 I recently went to see the Michael Bay take on the transformers , I had great memories of the cartoon and the emotional rollercoaster it took me on as a child.I could n't understand it , the new movie did non of the things I wanted it to do , were my expectations too high , I was thinking about the quality of the cartoon , should I have been thinking about pearl harbour and the island . It upset me , I came out of the cinema disillusioned , were those fond memories that I had of the transformers just the misguided imaginings of a child , had Michael Bay actually represented them in a creative and exciting new way?I could n't accept that , I went and picked up this new edition of the cartoon . I was happy to say Michael Bay no way . . This cartoon rocks , it 's still bringing tears to my eyes , by the end of the film the disappointment of the movie had been replaced by feelings of happiness and reassurance.Forget the film there is only one Transformers movie , prime has a trailer and Megatron does n't look like a mix of scrap yard pieces .
 First of all , in response to anyone who dismisses the graphics as mediocre , . . this film was made in the mid-eighties ... I believe that when you look at it in a more relevant eye , it more than holds it 's own . It 's a great period piece . The visual esthetics are nothing short of artistry . Imagine someone seeing Orsen Welle 's visual masterpiece ` Citizen Kane ' , and putting it down for not having any color ... Also , whether you prefered if Optimus Prime did n't die or not has no bearing on judging the quality of the film . It 's unbelievable to me how ignorant some people are ...
 Transformers the movie is without the greatest animated movie ever created . The music score is topnotch , the animation is brilliant , the acting - superb , the story line - nothing short of greatness and the characters well - they speak for themselves as words can not describe their depth , humanity and realism , however one can state that they are classic and brought to life.The movie runs for appoximately 86 minutes , in which you will experience , death , life , joy , pain , sorrow , heart ach and triumph , all on the edge of your seat . I have 5 copies of the movie on my bed side table - including a 1986 VHS copy . I just ca n't get enough ... and nor will you , watch it once and you 'll have to agree with me.LONG LIVE THE TRANSFORMERS
 A little bit more violent than kids cartoons today , the original Transformers series was a landmark in animation and probably the best cartoon series ever made . In 1986 , The Transformers movie was released , and TF fans worldwide were shocked , surprised , stunned , and overjoyed with the results . The storyline is set in 2005 , roughly 13 years from the end of the second season of the series -LRB- where it left off before the movie -RRB- . Megatron and his Decepticons have taken over Cybertron completely while Optimus Prime and his Autobots plot to retake their home planet . ... Transformers is explosive from beginning to end , ... Sadly though , after the movie the series was never as great as it once was . An ensemble voice cast including Eric Idle of Monty Python as Wrek-Gar , Judd Nelson as Hot Rod , Robert Stack as Ultra Magnus , Leonard Nimoy as Galvatron , and Orson Welles as Unicron . The DVD itself is a bit scarce with extras , but the storyboards for unfinished scenes that never made it into the movie is interesting . Highly recommended to those who remember their childhood .
 Yes , TFTM on DVD ! All is right with the world ! Transformers used to be my favorite cartoon of the 80 's followed by Loony Tunes and GI Joe . I am in my 20 's and still loving the Transformers ! I mean , what a great series when it first came out ; classic good -LRB- autobots -RRB- vs. evil -LRB- deceptacons -RRB- stuff.My nephews watched TFTM with me and absolutely loved it . Yes the music is kindof cheesy and Optimus does die , but you got ta love the G2 deceptacons -LRB- Galvatron , Cyclonus , Scorch and the Sweeps -RRB- , too bad this cartoon series died out . I am not a big fan of Beast Wars but find it more tolerable than Digimon . Anyway , I rate this DVD a 5 for the movie content and not the extras . The extras are severely lacking , you would think they would have incorporated more to this classic . This movie has some of the best lines for a cartoon series , for example
 A mainstay of children 's cartoons from the 80 's , I bought this DVD in my attempts to `` relive '' my childhood . Personally , I feel this DVD is a good buy for anyone out there who was ever a Transformers fan , or in fact ANY fan of great animation . Like the box says , it 's a `` Collector 's Edition . `` The movie itself was okay . For the uninitiated , here 's a rundown : Plot synopses
 I have read many of the reviews for this DVD here on Amazon and around the web . Some were glowing and others tarnished . For myself I have to lean to the happy side as I am glad that they finally released it on DVD in the so called uncut version . I would , however , feel amiss if I did not mention my dismay at seeing the DVD called the Special Collector 's Edition when it had very little on it . I was hoping for more , much more.Perhaps they could have included other interviews or documentaries , which I 'm sure were made . Perhaps some of the trailers or even , say , widescreen should have seen the light of day . While I am happy to hear Spike curse I felt cheated that such a rich history that is involved in the Transformers Universe should not even be glanced upon.However , even after all this ranting I am still glad to have this movie . I 'm hoping that the episodes are soon to come , with several -LRB- like 5-10 -RRB- per DVD . Well I can hope ca n't I ? I guess this is an okay DVD .
 Compare the animation in this film to anything modern ... it holds up very well . The DVD transfer is very very crisp and rich and is an absolute treat to watch ! Now on to the movie 's content.I was probably the only one of my generation who didnt see this movie as a kid , so now at 24 i got to see it for the first time . First , I think Im glad I didnt see the movie when I was a kid . Seeing all of my favorite TV heroes and toys being obliterated within the first 15 minutes of this would have seriously upset me ! I faintly remember that they advertised this movie as the chance to see all your favorites on the big screen . But instead , all the guys you grew up with are fried in the first 15 minutes , and you are kind of held as a captive audience watching all of the new characters steal the show for the reamining hour or so . Obviously this was a marketing ploy to get kids to buy all the new toys , and to be honest I rememeber everyone I knew not getting so much into the next generation transformers so it didnt work . Optimus Prime is an irreplacable hero ! They should have given us the satisfacton of seing our heroes on screen for AT LEAST 45 minutes ! Oh well . There is a fair amount of violence in this film , and overall it is a very DARK film , which is not in keeping the spirit of the TV series . The TV show was often comical , and nobody died ! There was always a happy ending , often with laughter . This film has a mean streak to it and really bears little resemblence to the series . Except for StarScream , the characters are much meaner and not like their TV show counterparts at all . But , as a fan of David Lynch and Stanley Kubrick I am accustomed to dark films . All in all I enjoyed this film despite its differences from the show I grew up with . The plot was pretty good , though a bit thin -LRB- it IS , after all , a kid 's movie ! -RRB- and there 's action aplenty to keep kids and adults happy ! I have to deduct one star for the GODAWFUL theme song `` You got the touch '' -LRB- yyyeeeeacchhhh ... -RRB- that pops up WAY too often . The rest of the score is OK , it was written by the guy who did Rocky 4 , and it really shows . The Unicron theme sounded eerily reminiscent of the music when Rocky fought Drago . Overall very cool , but different from the series . The TV episodes are available from Rhino on VHS , and for those like me who loved the show and all its little quirks , I would recommend getting those first , and then using this movie to fill out the collection . Whatever order you get them though , this really is a must own for anyone from the 80 's generation !
 I havent seen Transformers in about 10 years I saw this and bought it and i have never been so happy , It has brought back many great childhood memories and re aquanted me with the Greatest cartoon ever . I would suggest anyone who loved the Transformers to buy this movie . Also anyone who hasent seen this movie , or heard of it to but it , you wont be dissapointed .
 This animated movie is excellent , but unfortunately it was released in 86 , a time when animation was n't that popular on the big screen . The artwork was done by a Japanese company , while the script and everything else was done in US . The artwork is fantastic and above excellent . The music was mostly composed by Vince DiCola . Unheard of yet its the best soundtrack for any movie I 've every heard ! This movie was intended to introduce a list of new Transformers like Galvatron , Cyclonus , Ultra Magnus , Kup , Hot Rod , and many more . The producer decided to kill off Optimus Prime and many other old characters ... Still the best !
 I 'm not going to write down all the brilliant features of this movie , as a number of other reviewers have already done so . I will say , however , that if you are a transformers fan then this is the ultimate nostalgia trip , and if you are not then you are missing out . It is so good that it is almost real . Forget most of the cartoons around today -LRB- with the exception of some Marvel ones e.g. Spider-Man , X-Men -RRB- , this has a plot and characterisation lacking in not only cartoons today , but also most Hollywood and other films . PS Am I the only person who still sheds a tear with the death of the greatest autobot of them all ?
 I 've seen this movie so many times that i can not remember when i first saw it . I have to say that it is one of the best movies i have ever seen . The voice acting is very good , with pros like Orson Welles and Lenard Nimroy doing it . And the first third of the movie is something really special , where half the cast is mercilessly slaughtered . That 's something i like about these older cartoons
 I cried ... , thats all , I cried when my hero of ages fell leaving the torch to another . My heart is a emtpy wasteland since that fateful day soo many years past . And WHY ? WHY does the innocent suffer for their noble deeds . This is why , The only way GOOD will defeat EVIl is if GOOD FIGHTS ! AND THEY FOUGHT ! Tears fall even as I write this monolouge . PRIME . THE MOVIE . LIFE . DEATH . TRANSFORMERS . I heard shakspeare even mad his sticks transform when he was a little kid . Its true , I read it . The movie was the best for its time if you loved the charcters . ONE SHALL STAND , ONE SHALL FALL . . . . FIGHT my children of the Atom . Remember these memories and grow with them . I love my new BT cd . I wish my boyfriend would care for my needs more , like O.Prime would do when I closed my eyes at nite .
 TRANSFORMERS has always been one of my favorite sci-fi , action movies . This movie has great music , great action , great characters , and lots more . That 's why I give this 5 stars 'cause it 's so awsome . You can show this movie to others , they 'll love it !
 I did n't realize the 20th Anniversary Edition had both versions -LRB- new `` Widescreen '' and the original Fullscreen transfer -RRB- , so I 'd suggest going with that . The new Widescreen is not the true Widescreen , but the color and transfer is better than the previous Rhino release . At any rate , it has both versions so you ca n't lose . I thought purchasing the Rhino version was the right move , not realizing the 20th Anniversary actual contains both versions , but I 'm still happy with my purchase .
 Very good quality . A very good buy for transformers fans . This was the ending of the series if your a true fan .
 Ahh ... Transformers
 I bought this as a gift for my brother . I was kinda disappointed that it was open but that is what happens when it 's an old movie . I was happy with how quickly it arrived and that it still worked .
 This is just the best cartoon movie ever it had the best art work put to the test.It made plenty of head waves through out the world .
 Our boys are 4 & 6 and really want to watch Transformers since the newer movies and merchandise are everywhere these days . We remembered the movie and animated series from our childhood and decided to give it a go . Just like I remember it . Good vs. Evil and totally eighties ! I particularly enjoy the glam rock soundtrack .
 Was feeling nostalgic after seeing the most recent Michael Bay abomination so I got this DVD . It had been a while since I 'd last seen it , but this movie 's still great . Nice packaging . Like the bonus material . Pick it up .
 I got this for $ 3.25 on ebay . go there people , not to these pirates here ! Seriously , $ 24 is the low end ? It 's ridiculous !
 DARN STRAIGHT ! This is a Transformers Movie done right ! For a long time this was the only way I could watch the classic Transformers and boy , did I ever watch it ! Yes , there are animation errors , yes , the story is ripped from Star Wars , and yes , it has a brutal overhaul of old characters.By now you should know , Prime dies and is replaced . By now you know that the big demon planet resembles the Death Star except with demon horns . By now , you should have purchased this movie ! The McGuffin used in the movie was never metioned before , but hence it has become a staple of the entire Universe ! The Matrix of Leadership ! Now in every new series of Transformers , Prime has to die at least once ! BECAUSE OF THIS MOVIE , TRANSFORMERS WAS NOT JUST A KIDDIE SHOW!It is graphic , violent , a clear commercial for a new line of toys , and the BEST TRANSFORMERS MOVIE TO DATE!Bay ca n't top this movie , even with the errors in mind.Yes , buy this movie . Buy it today to watch another day . It is worth the money ... but $ 20.00 should be good enough . If it is over that then wait for it to go down a little ...
 this movie is good but it cuss two times and it has lots of violence and it has a song called dare to be stupid in my opinion this is age appropriate for ages 10 and up
 Speaking from the viewpoint of someone that was born and raised in the 1980 's , there were several key cartoons that shaped our childhood memories . One of the most memorable is `` Transformers '' , and not surprisingly `` Transformers '' is still as popular , and maybe even more so today than it was back then . What was great about this series is that it gave every kid what they always wanted to see , giant robots fighting alongside humans in an intergalactic struggle for control . The show was so popular that in 1987 it was adapted into a feature film , `` Transformers
 This movie is an absolute must . From the excellent , excellent soundtrack to the exciting climactic battle in which Autobot and Decepticon ally to save Cybertron.My only problem is the wholesale slaughter of all the best characters -LRB- most of them Autobots -RRB- , including Starscream and Optimus Prime . Several long running characters do n't even have the honour of an on-screen death ... Aside from that , this movie can only be described by one word : Ace . : - -RRB-
 For those who grew up in the 80 's should never forget what Hasbro brought into our lifes , the TRANSFORMERS !!! Just when I thought the episodes could n't get any better , they release ` The Transformers Movie ' which should be written down in the history books.This Movie is simply stunning ... and if you thought the movie was great then watch it on DVD !! Bloodly Awesome ! I can speak for Thousands , since I live in Australia and the DVD was n't release over here , everyday I sat outside waiting for the postie to come with my DVD.Thanks to Rhino for taking it on to release it on DVD.Any Transformer Fan , or who grew up in the 80 's this is a must see , and for those poor souls -LRB- In Australia , which it is n't available -RRB- ... THIS IS A MUST BUY !!! TRUST ME , You 'll Never want to watch anything else ... 5 stars , Remarkabley Amazing !
 This movie is my personal favorite of all time . It 's a children 's cartoon with very mature overtones . It 's set to the greatest representation of awesome '80s music . Whether or not you 're a child of the '80s it 's enjoyable for all.It 's a classic tale of the triumph of good over evil , even in the shadow of what seems like defeat , and the rise of an unsuspecting yet dedicated and capable unlikely hero . Throughout the show there was a lesson of accepting different types of people and trusting , yet not being naive . If you 're looking for a wholesome enjoyable family movie or you 're just looking for some personal entertainment , this is definately the best choice .
 The movie had been remastered digitally . The pictures & audio quality is execellent and fantastic . -LRB- For an almost 16 years old movie -RRB- Additional features , such as composer interview and story board is really a bonus to the Transformer Fans.Pieces of advice , if u really serious about the transformer , this is The Most ` WANTED ' collection you must have.I will give 101 % out of 100 % for this title .
 I 've been a trans fan since I was a kid but never watched the movie until years after its release . I was missing out . I heard that movie ticket sales were n't good at the time , but it seems to now be popular due to 80 's nostalgia.As stated , the presentation is very well done . Great animation -LRB- That first panning shot of Unicron is top-rate Anime quality -RRB- , great voices , lots of action , and even a cool soundtrack to boot . Some of the fight scenes -LRB- like ones in Autobot city -RRB- were superb , but I have one major gripe : Optimus Prime dies yet Megatron -LRB- turned into Galvatron -RRB- lives ?! This did not make trans fans happy -LRB- and partly explains why the movie did n't sell well upon release -RRB- . Ultra Magnus was pretty cool , but when I found out Hot Rod -LRB- later Rodimus Prime -RRB- became leader , it just made me think , `` This sucks , no more Optimus . '' It 's replaced by this lame guy who does n't fight much , does n't project himself like one of authority , and shorts himself out just so he can have a pow-wow with the Matrix . At least they kept Galvatron acting/looking pretty much the same as Megatron.So if you liked transformers or like Anime , this one is a must-get . As a sidenote , they eventually brought him back in the 2 part episode `` The Return of Optimus Prime '' -LRB- thank you ! -RRB- .
 This is an easy grade . Five stars . If it was out of 10 , then it would be 10 out of 10 . 100 % regardless of grading format . This is without a doubt my favoirite animated movie so far.In a decade where most theatrical animated movies were geared towards preschoolers or young girls , this was ours . This was for us . Giant transforming robots fighting a war of pride and survival . Thunderous rock music and unforgettable characters and voices . Critics which blasted it and showed nothing but dislike . But who cares about them ! Did the writers have THEM in mind when they created this ? Nope , they had us in mind , even if it was just to sell us more toys . But it did n't matter to me . I loved the Transformers figures . The more they made , the better.Well enough rambling . The movie is a work of art . There has yet to be a cartoon for guys that defeats it . The animation is incredible . I read some review that claimed it as `` flat '' . HUH ! One look at the opening hand-drawn unicron scene puts that to rest ! The artwork is great , the animation is great , and the character designs are unforgettable.The storyline is fantasic , especially for the young little boy versions of us . This is the only animated film that can be recited from beginning to end by so many former cartoon fans . The lines are not forgettable . You watch it . You remember it forever.Hopefully the DVD will be WIDESCREEN and not fullscreen like it 's rumored . I think many of us will be disappointed .
 After a war that has raged for millions of years a race of sentient robots is forced off their home planet of Cybertron , by a lack of resources . Devided into two warring factions , both the Autobots and the Decepticons make their way to a new planet , known as earth . Upon arriving , their mothership cleverly modifies their transforming ability - allowing them to change into vehicles of this planet , making them able to move around unnoticed . The Autobots believe they should protect the vulnerable race of ` flesh creatures ' that inhabit this planet , while the evil Decepticons decide the human race can perfectly be used as slaves.The story of Transformers ` The Movie ' picks up in the year 2005 , when Autobots have relatively successfully integrated into human society , while Decepticons are scheming back on Cybertron . Little do they know that entire races of beings are following their moves , and are planning to strike at the both of them . Also , the story incorporates a giant , planet devouring ball-shaped entity . It 's far away , yet it 's closing in ... And The Transformers will never be the same again.The entire movie is an action-packed thrillride , accompanied by a brilliant 80 's - style rock music score . Still , there is plenty of room left for drama and storytelling , fluidily integrated into the storyline.One thing needs to be said , though - I can remember when this movie first hit the public , some people were more or less disappointed . Fans who had watched the tv-series for years somehow expected something else . It 's true
 this is the beast animated movie of all time with great plot great voice actors great animation and the great story line the transformers was more than a fad -LRB- unlike pokemon the movie and tv seires witch is totally lame pointless and increadibly stupid -RRB- people complain the transformers the movie has a lot of violence including some deaths hello people what do you expect it 's a war it just also makes it a little more real life do people expect everyone to survive in battle or from a giant planet eating transformer unicron I do n't think so . i do n't care what anyone says this is the best animated film ever .
 I keeping echoing over and over ... I watched this presentation because I aspire to see every possible iota of work available by the outstanding actor , Alan Rickman.Each time I view Rickman 's work solely for that reason , I am rewarded with an outstanding piece of entertainment I would have otherwise missed . This Masterpiece Theater presentation of Emile Zola 's acclaimed novel , ` Therese Raquin ' , is one more gem in that growing list of eclectic , but always exceedingly high-quality , films that make up the body of Rickman 's work.This tragic drama of a simple household populated by complex characters quietly unfolds in a sparsely stated manner , completely divergent from the shocking passion and emotional turbulence bubbling and smoldering under the surface of this story of illicit love , its requisite deceit , and the tragic explosion of events which are born of its temptations.Kate Nelligan -LRB- The Cider House Rules -RRB- in the title role reminded me of Tiny Louise in what I believe was Tina 's debut role as another dallying daughter-in-law , Robert Ryan 's in her case , Griselda , simmering with adulterous lust for Aldo Ray in ` God 's Little Acre ' . Brian Cox , as Laurent , Therese 's passionate lover , bears little resemblance to his recurring role of Ward Abbott in the recent ` Bourne ' films or even his smaller role as Doug Durwin in ` Minus Man ' . Simply said , his Laurent is ` deadly sexual ' . Kenneth Cranham was seemingly perfectly cast as Camille , Therese 's doomed cuckold , and certainly far removed from the villainous hitman , Gibson , in Britain 's 2001 film , ` Shiner ' . English actress , Mona Washbourne , shines herself in her role as Madame Raquin , with whom Camille , her son , and his wife Therese reside , and over whose literal head Therese and Laurent shockingly cavort sexually , while in truth nothing about Therese goes over her mother-in-law 's head , either before or after she becomes a helpless invalid left to the care of Therese.Alan Rickman -LRB- Vidal -RRB- in his role as artist/friend is resplendent in curls and could be my friend any day . Alan always makes the most of his role , no matter how small . Vidal is absolutely no exception , showing all the talent , charm , and creativity Alan 's dedicated fans would swoon over in the years following this early TV role.Rickman fans must watch this early work of Alan to be able to truthfully say they ` could see his talent unfolding even then ' . Lovers of drama and tragedy , love and lust , and a simple time-old story very well told will love this TV series dubbed by the `` DAILY EXPRESS '' to be ` One of the best serials ever seen on TV ... electrifying ' . They were not exaggerating by even one volt .
 I originally saw this series in the early 80s and the performance of Kate Nelligan left a huge impression on me as a 16 year old boy . Nearly 30 years later I knew I had to order it and watching it again I sure was n't disappointed . A true classic . I want to write her some fan mail . What a woman ! If you 're thinking of buying this , do not hesitate , I doubt you 'll be disappointed .
 The good news is that this is one of the most frightening horror movies ever made . The bad news is that it was supposed to be a musical comedy . -LRB- Bad comedies are painful , bad musicals are worse , and combining the two , then adding in liberal sexual innuendo involving an eighty-five year old former sexpot is agony . -RRB- But Sextette is never boring . It ca n't be ... there 's virtually a new TERROR around every corner!This unbelievably misguided project from director Ken Hughes and screenwriter Herbert Baker takes Mae West 's 1926 play SEX and reimagines it as a romance between the 85-year old West and 32-year old Timothy Dalton . And while Mae and her latest hubbie -LRB- future James Bond star , Dalton -RRB- lounge around their palatial honeymoon suite , Mae reminisces about her past conquests while a roster of escapees from the Hollywood Squares stumble through.There 's the always-confused Ringo Starr as a Stroheim-like director ; leather-skinned George Hamilton as a pinstriped gangster ; Alice Cooper in a permed ` Barry Manilow-style ' wig and tuxedo ; Keith Moon as a foppy fashion designer ; plus Dom DeLuise , George Raft , Regis Philbin , Rona Barrett -- the list of has-beens and never-will-be 's goes on and on ... and on ! Meanwhile , the viewer gets to grind their teeth at the loose excuse for a plot , in which the U.S. government begs Mae to spend a night with one of her ex 's , a Russian bigwig -LRB- Tony Curtis -RRB- , in order to save diplomatic relations.But the show really belongs to its octogenarian leading lady , -LRB- who at this point in her life must have been giving her corset-maker hazard pay -RRB- , in her final and most astounding screen role . The most bizarre thing about Sextette is that it pretends that its star is still in her twenties ! and has her firing off racy double-entendres that will make every viewer nauseous with their quasi-necrophilic implications . The star is filmed in such soft-focus that one can barely make out her face . She shambles across the sets like she 's about to fall over , and when she recites trademark zingers like , `` I 'm the girl who works at Paramount all day and Fox all night , '' -LRB- Say it out loud -RRB- , she seems to have forgotten what they mean . The most horrifying exchange comes when she caresses her breasts provocatively , causing Dalton to embrace her and break into an ear-melting rendition of `` Love Will Keep Us Together . `` YES ! Just when you think it 's as cheesy as it could ever possibly get , the entire cast breaks into song and dance , and you remember it 's also a freaking musical ! You have n't lived until you 've heard Dom DeLuise creaking out a cover of the Beatles ' `` Honey Pie '' ? Other low lights have West crooning `` Happy Birthday '' while pawing a 21-year-old youth in a gym full of Olympic bodybuilders and lip-synching another standard to which she appears to have forgotten the words . And we 'll bet you thought AT LONG LAST LOVE was interminable ! ... The whole mess ends with West singing `` Babyface '' -LRB- astonishingly , she 's referring to herself -RRB- and sneaking onto Dalton 's yacht for a really sick-making seduction scene . We 'd like to tell you that the movie has a happy ending , -LRB- if having sex with an eighty-five year-old woman qualifies as `` happy '' -RRB- but the viewer 's side of the experience is something far less pleasant.Sextette is a jaw-droppingly Bad Move We Love that separates true worshipers of heinous cinema from the fainthearted . It is defiantly one for the record books , and most certainly not recommended for viewing on an empty stomach .
 What an incredible movie ! Whatever were they all thinking ? For sheer kitch , it 's got the lot
 Mae West is one of the most brilliant talents ever to grace the Silver Screen and single-handedly saved a major studio from going under in the depression era in the early thirties ! Legendary movies that are total classics make Mae one of the greatest ever top female Superstars ... in her 80 's Mae West once again treated us to a view of the legend and many found pleasure in this fun movie that once again gives us a chance to have a view of the classic and very legendary Mae West ! God forbid anyone or any of us age ... Mae was never conventional having started her motion picture career in her forties and continued the following decades doing various stage and recording projects so it was n't surprising that Mae West would do yet another motion picture once again in her eigthies !!! Mae was still very entertaining and had the thrill of going to the preview of this delightful movie in 1978 in Westwood California & had a strong feeling Mae West would attend . A line formed & arriving early we were the red velvet ropes and soon a red carpet rolled out and media came from everywhere equiped with boom mikes that started curbside and lined the red carpet ! Up came a shining limousine and out came a sparkling and radiant Mae West with a strapping guys in tuxedos on each arm ... Mae in person looked magnificent and the crowd went wild ... she strutted up the red carpet and stopped at each interviewer and popped off witty and very funny one liners that had everyone cracking up ! Mae West looked gorgeous and we gave her a standing ovation inside of the theatre when it was announced over the PA that she was in attendance then a spotlight lit her up ... luckily seated a few rows in front of Maem , got to look directly at her and give her a big smile and let out a few Bravo 's ... Mae was beaming and it was a magical event never to forget ! Find it very sad some strangely put down her last effort to entertain and everyone loved this `` over the top '' entertaining movie on that great afternoon in Westwood and still do ! Recently watched Sextette with a friend and we laughed and loved every moment of the Magic Of Mae West with a fun cast of amusing characters including a wonderful performance by Dom Deluise ... watch how Mae lights up when George Raft appears on screen with her ! Those who think that life is perfect and legends never age ... get over it and get a reality check . Thank you Mae West for your genius and sharing your incredible and wonderous gifts for some seventy-plus years and for the support that you warmly gave the Gay Community at a time when few would even get close ... the best in the West left behind a treasure chest of classics for us to savor and enjoy !!! If you love Mae then grab this while you can as cult favorites such as Sextette usually have a short release run ... BRAVO MAE WEST !
 I too expected this film to be a total waste of time , but tomy surprise it 's a delicious piece of camp , funny and silly and delightfull ... not hard to sit through and with a lot of campy hilarious songs ... ANY fan of Mae west will enjoy this and the ones who do n't and complain about it being ridiculous and somehow unbelievable have never ever understood the meaning of camp . . or do you think Mae was REALLY being a sex symbol in the 30 's ... of course not , she was a survivor who made her life out of parody and high camp humor , she understood this , well into her eighties ... and whatever Tony Curtis says -LRB- talk about overblown ego 's and growing old DISgracefully THERE ! -RRB- it does n't look to me as if she was being wheeled around on the set or had problems with her lines ... by the way , I loved her wig , much more than the ridiculous carpet mister Curtis supports these days !
 Mae West at 80-plus is worth ten dingabat sexpots in theirtwenties . This wonderful talent only made 12 movies but was recentlynamed by the American Film Institute the # 15 female star of alltime !!! Like everyone , I admire the sexy `` young '' Mae of the 30 's -LRB- she was already 40ish then !! -RRB- but I find the Mae of the 1970 's a very courageous and fascinating figure . Here was a gal who threw the finger to the smallminded of many people right to the very end !! She is quite funny in this at times and sings very well considering her age . This is a star the likes of whom we will never see again .
 `` Sextette '' was Mae West ' last movie left for posterity for her fans and she delivers the goods . Unfairly attacked by critics as being a ghoulish vanity piece , for her true fans it is anything but . If one forgets the real age of the principal player -LRB- and those around her -RRB- and instead lets themselves get caught up in the story line , it is a fun and entertaining opus from start to finish . Mae West was one of the last `` true '' stars and even in these sometimes uneven proceedings , shines like the proverbial `` Diamond '' that she was until the end . Although some of the musical numbers are a bit distracting -LRB- and Mae was over ruled herself by the tyro producers when she voiced opposition to them -RRB- the story and witty dialogue still make for a satisfying 90 minutes of enjoyment , courtesy of Miss Mae West . No , they do n't make movies like this anymore ... too bad !
 Despite the idiotic Dennis Dermody 's -LRB- who , today , resembles a grotesque parody of Nana Mouskuri -RRB- disrespectful liner notes -LRB- where he used only the most cruel parts of past negative reviews of the film -RRB- , this 2011 re-release of the film can be quite enjoyable.It is NOT remastered , however . It is widescreen and from the master print , but not digitally corrected , so grain is still present . At last we can see Mae West 's lips and eyebrows , unlike past prints , where we saw only a pale face and massive eyelashes . She looks very , very good for her age . In some shots she is a beautiful older lady , in some , well ... there are only so many angles one can look great in , after the age of 60 . It is interesting to note that private footage I have of West at the San Francisco premiere of ` Sextette ' provide extreme close ups , and she looks roughly 55 , smooth and vibrant . Her makeup is flawless as she walks up to a microphone and quips , `` I hope you enjoyed my demonstration of progressive ed-u-cation . '' The crowd of thousands is completely hysterical for her.This is not a film I usually show my younger friends when introducing them to the phenomenon that is Mae West , but I like it . Mae West was a trouper , totally dedicated to her image . Her co-stars are every bit as campy as she is in this film , and in fact , much more over the top than she . It is a great time capsule of the late 70 's . a note
 The ultimate vehicle for the woman who defined Sex for four generations . Part of the fun of this cheesy romp is watching Mae 's scarcely concealed joy in rolling out her legendary lines -LRB- and of course that legendary body -RRB- . The gleam in her eye as those droll words trip off those mischievous lips is too much . Surprisingly well presented and directed , fans of Richard -LRB- all right , Ringo -RRB- Starr , Tony Curtis , George Raft , George Hamilton will be delighted by their patsy performances up against inimitable Mae . The takeoff on the Godfather is a scream , as is Mae 's delivery of `` Happy Birthday -LRB- Twenty One -RRB- '' , and `` Babyface '' to the Jimmy Carter lookalike -LRB- Ed Beheler -RRB- . Mae West always fancied her singing voice , and when the film gives her a chance , she delivers . This film was the cap to her eighty years of performing ; and for anyone who simply wants to revel in nostalgia or who delights in the camp of that female who found sex early and played it for all it 's worth , do see this film . Max stars .
 I first bought this movie on VHS many years ago . I have every Mae West film , including the hard to find `` The Heats On '' , which I do n't think has ever been out on DVD . So believe me when I tell you , I am a huge fan of Mae West . I have her albums , a doll of her , books on her and a few other rare collectibles.Sextette is by no means `` oscar material '' , but it makes no sense to me at all why so many people insist on bashing Sextette so badly . I must agree with the previous reviewer who said this movie only has a bad storyline if you compare it to Citizen Kane . In other words , taken for what it is , a fun , campy movie , Sextette is great.First off , I read in one of my Mae West books that making Sextette was NOT Mae 's idea . She was approached by those who wanted it made and she agreed . They said she had good days when she was `` on '' and other days where they could n't get her to remember anything . Other days she thought she was back in the 1930 's . However , overall , her performance is wonderful and everyone in the cast was so good , they helped sell her . I do n't know how much of that is true about her condition , but assuming it is , she did a great job . The Mae West we all know comes through in many scenes.To truly enjoy Sextette , first off you must suspend reality . Mae does not look like she 's in her 80 's here . She looks like she 's around her late 50 's or early 60 's . I know a lot of women now in their 50 's who do n't look half as good as Mae did in this movie . In any case , we are encouraged to believe she is still the Mae West we knew in 1933 . Once you forget the details about her age , and once you realize this is a campy 70 's movie , you can appreciate that there really is a plot and there is a lot of funny stuff in this film which is well delivered . The performances of Ringo Starr , Dom Deluise , George Hamilton and others are excellent.Why did all these stars want to do this movie ? Probably for the same reason true Mae West fans wanted to see it . A tribute to a legend . A woman who never let the system beat her down . A woman who took on Hollywood back when it was truely a man 's world . A woman who saved Paramount studios from going bankrupt during the Great Depression . A woman who wrote her own screenplays and Broadway plays when those areas were also male dominated . Mae West was not just a great performer and entertainer , she was a great business woman and a great writer . She was truely ahead of her time.As for the criticisms about her age , I also agree with the previous reviewer who pointed out that Mae was almost 40 when she first came to Hollywood . When she did `` I 'm No Angel '' in 1933 she was 40 and I think she looked great for 40 , especially in a day long before anti-oxidants and botox . And as for her shape in Sextette , she sure does n't look like a young woman , but her body is n't bad at all for her age . She 's still got an hourglass shape . They should n't have given her a big , fluffy wedding gown in the opening scene , though . She 'd have been better off with a tapered gown , but most of her gowns were gorgeous in this film and her dress maker in the movie is hilarious . Compare her shape here to her shape in the 1940 film `` My Little Chickadee '' with WC Feilds and she does n't look all that different except for maybe a little more hunch to the shoulders.All in all this movie is a movie for Mae 's fans . It gives us one last chance to see her do her thing and give us those fun one-liners that made her so famous . If I had to make any real criticism of this film , it would be that some of the musical numbers were not so fabulous . `` Love Will Keep Us Together '' was my least favorite , but even the cheesey musical numbers are fun enough to sit through . The creators of this movie did NOT intend this to be a serious musical like `` The Sound of Music '' or anything of that caliber.The bottom line is to suspend reality and enjoy it for what they intended it to be . A campy , fun tribute to a fabuous Hollywood legend . Nothing more or less than that .
 Now , this is a real anomaly
 I 'll tell you a candid review , ok I got this video because it 's the opportunity I 've found to see her in COLOR ! it is sad that these reviewers on here are so fixated on Mae West being 80 in this movie . * I * for one would never have guessed she had been * that * freakin old . But glad she is , and she captures the heart of this 30something year old man who is absolutely captivated by her -LRB- well , what warm blooded man is n't ? -RRB- . Maybe I just personally love Love LOVE fluffy maribou feathers , shiny rhinestones and diamonds , and fancy fancy gilted and quilted , silk and velvet adorned bedrooms and european furniture , which this movie has plenty of . The bed is carved as a SWAN , and has a maribou black and white feather at the head ! oooh.And IF Mae West is really 80 , like they say on here , then YEAY ! She still HAS `` Stuff '' , and although you do n't see any 80 year old so bold nowadays , you know , SHE manages . She 's the same as when she was younger , but in COLOR ! Yeay yeay yeay - I do n't know about the story , I 'm fixated at the furniture and costumes . The man is appealing too , but what man in love is n't .
 Sextette tells the story of Marlo Manners , played by Mae West , who is in London to marry her sixth husband . Sir Michael Barrington , played so ably by Timothy Dalton , will be Marlo 's sixth husband . Oh yes , they do get married -- but after the wedding ceremony the press , Marlo 's Hollywood agent Dan Turner and a cast of what seems like thousands all pester Marlo and Michael . They will not leave them alone to enjoy their wedding night . The plot is indeed thin and rather silly ; but Sextette keeps your attention with its campy qualities and outlandish scenarios . The subplots poke fun at whirlwind courtships and Hollywood itself -- excellent!Before the wedding night can begin , Marlo faces pressure to wine and dine a Russian diplomat so that he can have one last fling with her in exchange for his `` yes '' vote on an international accord . Of course , this subplot could n't stop at that -- this Russian diplomat would have to be one of Marlo 's five ex husbands , too ! Marlo 's obligations do n't end there -- she must do screen tests in her honeymoon suite directed by another ex played wonderfully by Ringo Starr . Sir Michael Barrington also has a burden ; he must prove to the public that he likes women after there is an honest misunderstanding during a television interview Sir Michael gives to Rona Barrett . To complicate matters even further , people hunt to find Marlo 's memoirs tape which goes missing ; this could harm Marlo 's image if the press were to capture it.The subplots explore whirlwind courtships and the divorces that are obtained even faster than the courtships ever were . At one point Marlo 's agent asks her if she remembered `` that week and a half when -LRB- she -RRB- was a widow . '' Marlo remembers -- and she did mourn the loss of her husband , too . Sure , she played the piano to forget her pain -- but `` only the black keys . `` The cinematography shines strongest in the opening scenes when the wedding procession arrives at the hotel ; and the scenes filmed on top of the hotel are well done , too . The choreography of every scene in the hotel gymnasium and the international summit reflects careful planning , too . The song and dance numbers are particularly well choreographed.There are a few songs in this movie although I ca n't call it a `` true-blue '' musical . Marlo sings a rendition of `` Happy Birthday , Sweet Sixteen '' to a young athlete training in the hotel gymnasium . `` Hooray For Hollywood '' and `` Love Will Keep Us Together '' show forethought as well . Unfortunately , most of the other songs are cute but forgettable.There are numerous cameos to spice up the film even further
 Nobody , but NOBODY could ever top Mae West ! She was just as fantastic in her last movie Sextette as she always was . She was absolutely amazing regardless of the age-prejudiced attacks some so-called `` critics '' have written.For one thing , there is NO OTHER movie star in history that endured the way Mae did . She is witty , sexy and as frisky as ever in Sextette . Ringo Starr told TV Guide concerning Mae 's performance in Sextette , `` the minute she opened her mouth I knew I did n't ' have a dog 's chance ... she is so fan-bloody-tastic that she just wipes us out ! `` It is well past time for the `` critics '' to give it a rest . It is time to stop trying to outdo Rex Reed in viciousness . It is also time to stop discriminating against someone because of the person 's age.The GREAT Mae West was still the Queen of Sex when she made Sextette , and she always will be !!! She is still the Eighth Wonder of the World !!! Mae West was still the greatest star in the history of the world when she made this movie . I find the nasty , error-filled comments of so-called `` critics '' here that relentlessly attack this film -LRB- and the disgusting comments -RRB- offensive in the extreme ! ALL -LRB- every single one -RRB- of the ruthless attacks against this film here are age prejudiced criticisms that have absolutely not merit . The attacks all say the same tired things , over and over . They attack Miss West because -LRB- and only because -RRB- of her age . And the fact is , they have all the so-called facts wrong to the maximum degree!This film is truly entertaining , well made , well filmed and very campy and funny . This is exactly what this film set out to do too.The constant attacks against this film try to imply that Mae was playing a part of a `` young hottie '' when in fact the film makes it VERY PLAIN that she is a LEGENDARY film star from the golden age of Hollywood.The attacks state trashy urban legends -LRB- hidden earpieces force-feeding lines , wigs , cosmetic surgery , etc. -RRB- and all these things have been brought to truthful light at Wikipedia.com.IT IS TIME for truthful , honest , non age-prejudiced reviews ... and here it IS ! First of all this film is truly amazing due to the fact that Miss West delivered an INCREDIBLE and AMAZING performance in this film , especially considering her age!Mae West never had a face lift or cosmetic surgery of any kind in her life and that is an established fact ! Comments saying she slurred her speech , was grossly overweight , did not know what she was doing are completely untrue and most importantly completely UNFAIR ! Any time you have people attacking someone because of their age you better think twice before you believe it!The fact is that Mae West in Sextette , was AMAZINGLY like her former self in her old movies ! ALL the astonishing and legendary mannerisms are here right in this film ! Mae was not overweight , was not `` lifted '' and was not `` senile '' when she made this film . This film could have NEVER been made if the lies that are posted here were true.Now let me say this ... NO , this film is not `` Gone With The Wind '' and no one ever thought it was . But the fact is that this movie is an entertaining feature especially for a last film for a super mega star . When it comes to SUPER MEGA STAR status , well , NOBODY in the history of film can compete with the legendary Mae West ! It is inhumane and cruel to allow the ruthless comments here with distorted facts attacking this film . If you do not like a film , well that is one thing and that is fine , but to ruthlessly attack a person , saying horrendous things about another human being is unjust , cruel and just PLAIN NOT FAIR!Mae West was and remains the GREATEST star in the history of the world . She is the ONLY star in history to have her name listed in Webster 's Dictionary . She saved Paramount Pictures from bankruptcy , she was the highest paid woman in the world at one time , and NOBODY can deny that her personality was unlike anything ever before of since ! Let us give Mae credit for an ASTONISHING and AMAZING performance in a final film ! Let us give her credit for an amazing performance for a performer at the age she was in this film . What about looking at all that instead of hateful , cruel , ruthless and unfair attacks ? When I read some of these terrible reviews and the incredibly ruthless things that are said I just have to wonder what kind of nasty so-called human being would even post such comments . That is what is sick in the extreme!I give this farewell performance by the invincible Mae West 5 stars for her INCREDIBLE , praise-worthy performance and I say God Bless you Mae West for showing us all that age does NOT matter !
 Being an old geezer of 54 I saw this movie when it first was shown . As soon as I could I had purchased it on VHS . A friend borrowed it 5 years ago and to this day keeps promising to return it but it never finds its way back . I finally got tired of not being able to see it and ordered it on the DVD version - especially after my last VHS Player died . It made my day to be able to see this Classic one more time . It 's too bad the days of `` campy fun '' seem to be over - what fun it would be to revive it .
 This movie can only be appreciated as the true masterpiece of camp it undoubtedly is.Mae West is delightful . True courage was needed to impersonate the courtesan character that was her trademark , at the age she did , and still get away with stealing the show . For all the other stars that are here are just background for Mae 's antics and famous one-liners . My favorite scene in the movie is when she is trying out an entire new wardrobe for a new movie , each gown more lavish , exagerated and madder in design than the last , and in the midst of it she caresses a mink coat and says `` If you want to catch a fox you have to get up early in the morning , but you 've got to stay up late to get a mink '' , so true to form and fabulous.The movie was intended as a camp fest , and it is ! There are wonderful musical numbers with dancing hotel attendants that are a wonderful record of gay chorus line dancing of the seventies . The Gym scene is also a wonderful record of early steroid treatments , post-liberation gay body aesthetics and the adaptation of the Farah Fawcett hairdo to men styles , a phenomenon of kitsch that has not been studied properly , as the influence of Fawcett into new frontiers of the ridiculous and tacky has not been explored as it deserves . We really need an extensive documentary just to make sense of that hair style and how it is connected with women 's hair loss in the 80 's and 90 ` sFor those who complain about the film 's quality
 Great Musical so bad its perfect great companion piece to The First Nudie Musical . Love the songs sung by the West ! Every Gay Man 's Dream of the Musical so Bad its good !
 Sextette is very funny . Fans will love this . Her best line is spoken to Tony Curtis in a hotel room . Older or not the humor still lasted . Mae West will NEVER be forgotten .
 If you are a fan of Mae West ... you will enjoy this movie . She continues to deliver all the risque lines . She is very talented ... and this movie is fun to watch . I liked it a lot .
 Do n't get me wrong , this is a d-r-r-r-eadful movie , but for once the phrase `` So bad that it 's good '' is actually true . This was Ms. West 's last movie before her death and she appears to be semi-mummified and barely conscious in all her scenes . -LRB- After all she was nearly eighty years old . -RRB- Still she trots out all the lines for which she 's famous - `` Is that a gun in your pocket , or are you just happy to see me ? '' `` Come up and see me '' , etc. - standing or lying stiff as a board , however the crew happens to have propped her up I guess . Several well-known actors disgraced their resum&eacute;s with this picture - Tony Curtis , Ringo Starr and George Hamilton play former husbands , Timothy Dalton plays her current one , Dom Deluise is her manager , the likes of Regis Philbin and Rona Barrett play themselves in cameos , and Alice Cooper plays a singing waiter . -LRB- I do n't think anyone has heard of him since . -RRB- Yes , it is a musical . When Ms. West -LRB- in her role of Marlo Manners , famous movie star -RRB- enters the lobby of the British hotel where she is spending her honeymoon , the hotel staff begins to dance in a circle around her , singing `` Hooray for Hollywood '' . Ms. West is given such numbers as the Lennon/McCartney crooner `` Honey Pie '' , a disco rendition of `` Baby Face '' delivered to the members of an international summit meeting , and a Sedaka song about someone turning twenty-one sung to a roomful of nearly-naked bodybuilders . Absolutely not to be missed , however , is Timothy Dalton singing `` Love Will Keep Us Together '' to his newlywed bride . As if the Captain and Tennille version was n't bad enough.This is n't one of those DVD 's that presents a lovingly-frame-by-frame restoration of a film . There are no extras whatsoever ; it 's not widescreen . It looks crappy , but then , it IS crappy .
 I 'm not certain if most criticizing this film so callously are simply a bit daft when it comes to the gist of British humor , but they seem to be missing the vital dynamic of the movie entirely . Think of any Austin Powers movie . Are they intended to be serious Hollywood musicals with deep meaning that exhibit an abundance of musical genius ? Not at all ... because Mike Myers KNOWS his British humor . Wayward plots involving any combination of ` spies ' , sexual innuendo and campy musical numbers where characters are prone to break into song at nearly any random point throughout the film are classic trademarks of what we commonly refer to nowadays as ` spoof ' . Ms. West was obviously very innovative and ahead of her time . I think it was absolutely brilliant of her to allow it filmed in such a manner . Very tongue-in-cheek ! Bravo , to an extremely intelligent and elegant lady , rest her dear soul.And also for those critiquing Tim 's singing voice and phrasing during `` Love Will Keep Us Together '' , he played it brilliantly as well ; delivering the lyrics very in-tune with the highly upper-class ` stiffness ' of Sir Michael Barrington -- a British Secret Service agent who would n't know how to properly sing a Captain and Tennille pop-tune to save his sweet life . I absolutely applaud his unique sense of humor in tailoring the song to aptly suit the character . I have never known a better actor , nor will I ever . I found this movie utterly delightful years ago ... and find it the same today , especially after having not seen it for some time . For those harsh critics , I suggest re-watching . However , this time with the lighter expectation of one not in search of great musical depth , but an appreciation for that which is better known as satire .
 I think Rex Reed was correct when , in his initial review of this movie , he opined that its only value was perhaps `` as a training film for retired French wh -- '' . Ahh , the acting ... . the songs ... . the placement of the songs in the movie ... they all stink ... . and seem to be the product of an adolescent mind with a wicked sense of humor . Take a quasi-lifelike Miss West , terribly overweight , age-inappropriate hair and garb , speech slurred , with an expressionless face similar to those seen hovering above bedpans across America , and then ... . watch a room full of men jumping to their feet ... to sing `` Babyface '' to her . At better than 80 , there is no part of a baby 's anatomy that Miss West resembled , let alone its face . The only commonality there is that both wore diapers.Miss West aged poorly - not only in the physical sense , but in spirit . More accurately , she mummified , perhaps because she could not let go of the notion that she , and she alone , at any age , could be the only femme-fatale in a movie . She behaved shamefully offscreen toward Raquel Welch in Myra Breckinridge ; in Sextette , she is allowed to strut her stuff without competition . The only problem is that her `` stuff '' hangs about two feet lower than it did in her heyday , and because of her excessive weight , she looks as swollen and shapeless as a tick . This , from a woman often quoted as saying , `` Cultivate your curves - they may be dangerous , but they wo n't be avoided . '' The audience is asked to believe that every man in the movie is attempting to get into her knickers , including a Timothy Dalton -LRB- who is probably younger than one of Miss West 's ratty wigs -RRB- . And what IS with those stringy hang-dog wigs , anyway ? In her old movies , she was always beautifully coiffed - bobbed and in glossy finger waves.Those reviewers who assume that any criticism of this movie comes exclusively from folks who are unfamiliar with or unappreciative of Miss West in her early days are wrong . I 've seen all of her -LRB- earlier -RRB- movies , even have a very rare photograph of Miss West -LRB- her hair in smart brunette finger waves , since she had not yet decided to go blond -RRB- being arrested at the Bronx Opera House for leud public behavior -LRB- alluding to sex verbally while on stage -RRB- . Her week in jail was more valuable for its publicity than it was punitive . However , this reviewer is saddened to see a movie that makes it as obvious as a poke in the eye that Miss West could not make the transition from center of attention-femme-fatale to more realistic roles - a la Joan Blondell , Marilyn Maxwell , Betty Grable.Some of the reviewers of this movie seem to regard Miss West 's willingness to demonstrate -LSB- that her ego can triumph over complete physical decay -RSB- as some sort of show of good sportsmanship . To this reviewer , it seems only a tad less desperate an act than self-immolation . After her heyday , I understand it was an unhappy , Norma Desmond-like life for Miss West , constantly trying to shut out the world around her , with its upcoming stars , the inevitable generation after generation of serious actors , all of whom Mae dubbed as talentless . In the course of the few interviews she granted , there appeared to be an unhappy truce between Miss West and reality , with such unhealthy signs as her contending that no movies of value had been made since she stopped acting in them . This , from a successful ex-vaudvillian who could push the envelope , always playing the same wisecracking broad , but beyond that one role , had no interest or real acting ability . Yes , her movies were popular and breezy , and did save Paramount from bankruptcy . She was a genious at creating illusion ... throughout her career , a short , slightly chubby woman , she wore a corset , and always a gown with a long train that provided the illusion of height and statuesque presence . The only time she stepped out of those amazing costumes was in one unfortunate movie in which she played a lion trainer , and her short , thick legs and heavy thighs did not benefit from exposure . And so it was back to the streamlining gowns that she wore so well and to a career in which she continued to fascinate moviegoers.But that was 50 years ago . This reviewer likes as much as the next person to be fascinated by people who do n't appear to age like the rest of us common folk a la Sophia Loren or Catherine DeNeuve . But as for Miss West looking good for her age , take any reasonably healthy 80 year old nursing home patient -LRB- male or female -RRB- , provide relentless cosmetic surgery , top it off with a large helping of botox , then set atop them a stringy blonde age-inappropriate wig , and you would have the same result as Miss West in Sextette - an odd-looking creature who vaguely resembles Bert Lahr in The Wizard of Oz.Was this movie a golden moment for Miss West ? I suppose she was lucky in that she wanted to film this ancient vanity piece , and found enough people willing to make it happen . Of course , a few changes had to be made in the screenplay to bring it up to date - stagecoaches replaced by automobiles , references to the world being flat had to be edited out , etc. . In Miss West 's little world , with lines being fed to her through a wire , I guess it might have been analagous to Norma Desmond 's `` Big Closeup '' in which Gloria Swanson has a psychotic break and descends into the depths of madness . Miss West 's lines were so slurred that it sounded as if the wire were connected below , rather than above her waist.Other reviewers here have reported that Miss West passed away shortly after this film was released . I wonder if the cause of death was listed as `` embarrassment '' or perhaps `` wire chafe '' . If this movie has one redeeming quality , it lies in teaching us by negative example to let the world in as we get older , and try , as difficult as it may be , to embrace new approaches and ideas -LRB- and the younger generations that provide such challenge -RRB- . I 've occasionally had a hankering to trot out a Shakespear-esque play I wrote when I was 16 , in which I play all the characters . But 35 years later , I 'm saavy enough to know that I no longer look good in leotards , and , like many men my age , although I have an ample though uninvited bosom able to fill any bustiere , this is a sight to which no audience should be subjected.If I could wish one thing for Miss West -LRB- since she did provide me with much entertainment and laughter in the early days -RRB- , it would be that through the years of her life following her popularity , she 'd learned to be more generous with other upcoming performers , and therefore have the ability to get pleasure from situations other than those in which she was the mandatory center of attention .
 That Greta Garbo retired from films in her mid thirties did more to keep her memory and `` the mystique '' alive than anything else she could have done . That Mae West decided to film `` Sextette '' in the late Seventies , when she was in her mid eighties , is the flip side of Garbo
 I own ` Sextette ' , LOVE IT , and highly recommend it to all , . . all that is who have a sense of humor ! Miss West made this , her last film , `` For the Fans '' & she does not fail to deliver . ` Sextette ' gets a bad rap from some critics , but then they are not the fans for whom Mae left us this last gem ! Buy it , watch it , & be your own critic ... you will enjoy it ! Mae looks great , certainly not 85 !! She is breathtakingly beautiful in the bedroom scene in her powder-blue gown ! Thank goodness she did one last Technicolor movie for us fans !! My favorite line is at the end of the gown fitting session , where she purrs , `` I 'm that gal that works at Paramount all day . . , and Fox all night ! '' There will never be anyone like Miss Mae West again , & Hollywood will never be able to pull off another movie like ` Sextette ' again . Lots of great stars , cameos , -LRB- even pre-Millionaire Regis Philbin -RRB- music , & Mae West - true Hollywood History ! Enjoy !!
 Mae was very ill when she made this . Her diabetes was very out-of-control and she was aging at an alarming rate . Even so , friends of mine who do not know her age guessed that she was in her 50 's . They were quite suprised to find out she was over 85 ! She planned to do this movie right after Myra Brekenridge but got sidelined . She looked great the clips of Myra Breckenridge that were shown on the Biography channel . -LRB- I have never seen Myra Brekenridge - apparently Tom Selleck , Farrah Fawcett , and Raquel Welch will not allow it to be sold on the video market -RRB- . She was very wealthy -LRB- owning many parcels of prime California real estate -RRB- . Only when she realized that she did n't have much time left did she decide to do one last movie for her fans - she was beautiful in some scenes - especially the entry in the wedding gown , bedroom scenes , and the clothing try-outs for an ` upcoming Marlo Manners movie ' -LRB- she wanted to show her Diamond Lil characters one more time in Color for her fans -RRB- . Mae within one year of this movie had begun having the beginnings of Alzheimer 's disease . She recognized only old acquaintances , she had to have her lines read to her through an earpiece , just before reciting them , through out the filming . She was even left standing in a elevator for several hours - after the set was shut down -LRB- she had to walk down a hall , say a line and hit a button -- this scene took many retakes to get all the actions in the correct order , when it was finally done they rapped the set and left - finally someone remembered Mae and rescued her from the elevator . -RRB- My favorite scene is her meeting with George Raft in the elevator . A definite chemistry was still there . Its fitting that he was in her first and last movie . The only part of the movie I feel should have been cut was the Dom DeLouise solo song - absolutely ridiculous . Mae insisted on having the end of the movie changed - where she sang ` Next , Next ' with Alice Cooper . Originally , the producers wanted her to sing a sad song lamenting loosing her new husband . Mae said NO - she was going to show a self-confident image which is what her fans wanted - and get her husband back -- and she did . One additional thing , Mae had a stroke three months before she died at 87 . She was unable to talk - but did enjoy watching her movies until her death . She was given the last rights by a priest - and thru out her life she was known to give her car to Nuns whenever she saw them in need of transportation , then buy herself a new one . She took care of her Mom , Dad , brother and sister Beverly - providing them a private ranch . Her sister Beverly only lived a year after Mae - but she was left quite well off .
 This new edition of Sextette presents the film in Widescreen for the first time , with a new transfer from the original print . This corrects the fact that when the previous DVD release was pressed , an inferior print of the film was used , which meant that the VHS version was actually better than the DVD.As a fan of the late , great Mae West I would like to take the time to correct some factual errors repeated on the Amazon page for the original DVD by some of the other reviewers , and add a few comments of my own . Miss West was 84 when she made this film in 1977 ; she died three years later on November 22 , 1980 , at the age of 87 . She did in fact attend the Hollywood premiere , and received a Lifetime Achievement award from After Dark magazine the same year . The play Sextette was a minor comedy she starred in and wrote in 1961 , not the 1920 's . When she toured with the stage play she was 68 . While it certainly is true that she was but a parody of herself by the time she made the film , many of her fans were grateful for the chance to see her perform one last time , as both her screen and television appearances were far too few in relation to her talent and comedic genius.The cast included many big-league supporting actors and cameos . Timothy Dalton , George Raft , Rona Barrett , Dom De Louise , Tony Curtis , Ringo Starr , George Hamilton , Walter Pidgeon and even Alice Cooper all had scenes with the star , resulting in a film that can only be classified as pure camp . It was a tribute to Miss West 's reputation that so many of these stars were anxious to work with her . I once met a lighting technician who was assigned to the original stage tour of Sextette , and he confirmed what I had always heard - Mae West was regarded as a total professional and a consummate artist by all who worked with her , and absolutely loved by the crews on both her movies and plays.Many critics were quick to promote the rumor that she was totally senile at the time of filming , and there were many rumors about how she had to have her lines fed to her through an ear-piece . This rumor is belied by watching her lip-synch her way through any one of several songs on the soundtrack . On `` Happy Birthday , 21 '' for example , her timing is absolutely perfect and her lips move in complete harmony with the recording , not a minor feat for someone her age . On a few of the funnier lines , her delivery is classic West at its best , and she shows flashes of her famous impeccable timing just as often as she shows her extreme age . Yes , she looks , moves and talks like someone in their late 80 's , but what can one expect ? The fact that she had the stamina and chutzpah at that age to even appear before the cameras was amazing in itself.Strictly for fans ? Absolutely , but I for one am glad she bothered . If you want classic Mae West get a hold of I 'm No Angel , She Done Him Wrong or Klondike Annie and see her in her prime , but if you are a devoted fan you will want to see this film as well.PS - It 's about time that this woman had a major documentary devoted to her talents . Her TV appearances , which are almost completely unavailable , include her 1959 Academy Award duet of BABY IT 'S COLD OUTSIDE with Rock Hudson and guest stints on the Dean Martin and Red Skelton variety shows . Her only TV appearance available on DVD is her guest shot on Mr. Ed . The few of her TV guest shots that I 've seen -LRB- which was before VCR let alone DVD was invented -RRB- were great , and I 'd pay big bucks to find a DVD documentary or collection that includes them all .
 Yes , baffled as to why so many people on the web have reviewed this film with such hostility and sadistic glee . It seems the biggest complaints against this movie is that # 1 -RRB- Mae West was in her eighties when she made it . Not one reviewer can honestly say that she looked more than in her late fifties in Sextette . Remember that she was in her forties at the height of her career , not a huge discrepancy . # 2 -RRB- Her waistline does n't exist . Not only is that an exaggeration , but she was never slender to begin with , so her extra pounds should come as no surprise . # 3 -RRB- The script is bad . Well it 's only bad if you 're comparing it to Citizen Kane . This is supposed to be fun , vain silliness , and it is . Mae West and Dom Deluise are hilarious , and Timothy Dalton , Ringo Starr , and Tony Curtis really seem to be enjoying themselves and giving it their all . I loved all the cameos ; the chemistry amongst the entire cast is magic , surprising when one considers that West reportedly disliked most of the choices . Yes , the duet was corny and ridiculous , but funny -LRB- even if the humor was unintentional -RRB- . The only problem I can name with this film is the language in the kitchen scene , it will be insulting to certain ethnic people . Although it 's really no more un-PC than the depiction of the giggling , submissive , broken-English-speaking Black maids in her earlier films . What I find disturbing is that reviewers have more of a problem with West 's age than the off-color `` humor '' against foreigners in the kitchen scene.Once I saw this film a second time , the script actually made a lot more sense and was more intricate than I first realized . Believe me , when I , a Mae West fan , ordered this tape I thought I was going to be seeing one of the most boring , stupid , wastes-of-times in Hollywood 's 100 year history . Thankfully , i was disappointed!The best part is that Sextette does n't take itself seriously and does n't expect its viewers to , either . It assumes its audience is intelligent enough to know camp when it sees it . Several of us do recognize it and appreciate this . Too bad there 's the rest out there.BTW , tf this film is still unbearable , I suggest She Done Him Wrong . West is almost fifty years younger , for you agists out there , and her waistline has to be about twenty inches round , lol . But do n't expect the script to be any less flamboyant .
 Mae West still delivers in this amusing , under-rated comedy . Sextette has been unfairly attacked by some age-prejudiced critics , but the fact of the matter is , this film is not bad at all . The Legendary West is extraordinary in this film as always and looks great . When Timothy Dalton says , `` After all , I am British -- stiff upper lip , '' magnificent Mae looks him over , stares at his crotch , and says in that sexy voice , `` Well ... you got ta start somewhere . '' She is an American Institution and as Dick Cavette and Rona Barrett have said , `` the 8th wonder of the world .
 Fans of Mae West have suffered long enough viewing inferior prints of her last film , Sextette . Finally a newly remastered version has been released , and this vastly improved version should attract new fans for the woman who was daring enough to stage her play `` Sex '' sixty years before Madonna published her metal bound book of the same title.It was Mae West 's gay connection which helped to keep her front and centre in the collective cultural consciousness and primed for yet another revival . Finally , in 1976 , two neophyte producers , Daniel Briggs , twenty-one and Robert Sullivan , twenty-three , announced they were bringing Sextette to the screen . Simultaneous with the news that Sextette was to go into production , came an announcement from Tom Bradley , mayor of Los Angeles , that he was creating a special Mae Day and issuing a proclamation in her honor . Bradley presented West with a scroll acclaiming her `` valuable and important role '' in the movie industry on Saturday , May 6 , 1976 . In August , after seeing 36-year-old Timothy Dalton , West was quoted as saying `` Do n't search any further . He 's the man I want . I 've always liked Timothy Dalton since The Lion In Winter . He 's charming and handsome , and he can act . I was happy we got to work with each other in Sextette . `` West 's publicist , Stanley Musgrove assisted in looking for a composer who could work with West and give her material that would make her look good . In the end , veteran rhythm and blues arranger and producer , Van McCoy was hired to score the film , and his subtle disco arrangements brought a contemporary feel to the picture . West had eight musical numbers in the film and she told Kevin Thomas , `` Is n't that funny . Instead of `` Wedding March '' they play `` Hooray for Hollywood . '' According to Stanley Musgrove , Paul Novak , West 's long time companion told him the dailies of Sextette he 'd seen `` Are n't so good and that the musical numbers will have to save the picture . `` During an interview for Club magazine , West told a reporter , `` I know my rhythm and how to pace a film . At the end of Sextette '' they wanted me to do a ballad that ended on a sad note . I told ` em , hey , fellas , it 'll be too slow . You 'll ruin the mood we 've established . I know my music . We got to do this right . We need something fast . Later , when we saw the rushes , the producers told me I was right . '' The soundtrack for Sextette was never officially released ; however , Crown International Pictures prepared a publicity kit for the film which included a cassette containing the Van McCoy produced musical numbers featuring Mae West without dialogue overlapping her songs.When asked how she felt about her costars West was upbeat . `` We had a good time on the set . It was quite a cast . Dalton , Tony Curtis , Ringo Starr , George Hamilton , Keith Moon , Alice Cooper , George -LRB- Raft -RRB- , all those musclemen , and of course , Dom DeLuise . I think this is the closest anyone 's ever came to stealing a picture from me ! But he 's a doll . And a very funny man . Working with him was one of the great treats of my career . `` Ringo Starr enjoyed working with West and invited her to a wrap-up gala he threw in a rented house on Woodrow Wilson Drive . `` I had this party there and about a hundred people came including Mae West . We had a band and a lot of musicians and rock ` n ' rollers were there obviously . Mae just sat in a big chair and all these rockers were on their knees to her because she was so great . She had such a huge personality and she could mix with the best of them . `` Herbert Kenwith first met Mae West when she appeared in Catherine was Great in 1944 and over the years had been her business advisor , director and personal friend . Perhaps he is the closest person alive to be able to speak about what really went on in her mind . Los Angeles Times Film Critic , Kevin Thomas , believed Kenwith knew more about West 's insecurities than anyone . He told Thomas that West had asked him to direct Sextette , but he refused because he felt `` it was n't any good , and I told her so . '' In an A&E ; Biography on West , Kenwith recalled being with West on the last day of shooting on the Sextette set . `` We got into her car . I said nothing about the film . She asked me nothing . The chauffeur was driving . I was sitting on the back seat with Mae and I just continued to look out the left side of the car . Mae was looking out the right side . We did n't talk to one another . I was determined not to talk about the film Without any warning , she put her hand upon mine whereupon I turned to her and she said , ` Well dear , that was yesterday . I 've got to think about tomorrow . ' `` Huge pink billboards sprouted around Los Angeles proclaiming `` MAE WEST IS COMING '' but as summer passed into fall no studio stepped forward to distribute the film . West began to worry the film might sit unseen on a shelf . Warner Brothers agreed to show the film for a limited run in Westwood , but it upset West to discover Sextette would be shown double billed with Outrageous ! starring Craig Russell . West showed up for the Westwood showing but Craig Russell did not . Basinger and Duran were in attendance that evening and recalled Outrageous ! was shown first . According to Robert Duran , a Mae West insider who attended the event , West did not view Russell 's film . `` She did n't come into the theater until the intermission . People were out in the lobby and that 's when she arrived in the white limousine . `` In March of 1978 , Briggs and Sullivan signed a lease for the Cinerama Dome near Sunset and Vine and held an old-fashioned Hollywood opening complete with floodlights , bleachers and an interview platform for arriving celebrities . Reviews of the film in the Los Angeles press were mixed and even Kevin Thomas , diplomatically stated the film `` will be cherished by her fans for whom it was made . `` While Ken Hughes tried his best directing Sextette , it was slaughtered by critics , and this time West was the prime target . Friends hid the most savage reviews from her , but West instinctively knew the film was n't what she hoped it might be . Robert Duran stated that as far as he knew , Novak kept the bad reviews from West . `` Maybe in the old days she read them , but she 'd gotten away from that . She knew it was a turkey . `` Crown-International booked Sextette into the Warfield Theater in San Francisco in November of 1978 and West travelled by automobile for the opening . Hundreds of spectators who could n't join the 2,200 ticket holders swarmed Market Street , and West and her entourage had to enter through the stage door as a safety precaution.Sextette opened on the East Coast in June of 1979 and was booked in several theaters in New York . Time stated the film was `` a work so bad , so ferally innocent , that it is good , an instant classic to be treasured by connoisseurs of the genre everywhere . '' Reviews like this raised hope in West 's mind that the picture might become a cult film similar to The Rocky Horror Picture Show . If West wanted to believe that and it gave her comfort , her entourage willingly obliged her .
 I bought the VHS edition on the Media label -LRB- 1980 's release -RRB- because I have heard that the Rhino DVD has a terrible picture and garbled sound . My copy looks really good . Having said that , WOW , what a movie ! Mae West is great and hilarious in the psuedo-musical . Timothy Dalton of James Bond fame , Ringo Starr , Dom Deluise , Walter Pidgeon , Regis Philbin and many others appear in it too . West is Marlo Manners , legendary Hollywood sex queen ! Many famous songs get a dubious revival in this unbelievable film . You will just have to see it to believe it !
 If you have any nostalgia at all for the late '70s in all their cheesy glory , buy this video . This film is amazingly , deliciously , jaw-droppingly bad . Mae West strutting her stuff in her 80s is a mere sidelight compared to the completely over-the-top supporting performances by Tony Curtis , Dom DeLuise and Keith Moon.Tackiness oozes from every frame of this film , but like much of the mainstream sleaze of the late '70s , it 's surprisingly good-natured . Sex is seen as just good clean dumb fun , without the dark , violent and repellent overtones that entered the mainstream with the Reagan era and never left us . This film has much more in common with `` Three 's Company '' - style leering than the mean-spirited crudity of say , `` In Living Color '' . And I have n't even mentioned the musical numbers ! Timothy Dalton and Mae sing `` Love Will Keep Us Together '' -LRB- yep , the cheesy Captain & Tennille hit -RRB- as a duet . I 'm not sure if `` sing '' is the right word , but it will suffice . Dom DeLuise sings `` Honey Pie '' -LRB- the Lennon/McCartney gem -RRB- , tap dances atop a grand piano , and briefly dons matador garb when the tune lurches into a Spanish style . Alice Cooper trys his hand at some disco stylings . If that 's not enough to get you to buy this video , I give up !
 I 'm amazed this many other people have seen this movie ! I loved it ! Mae in glorious technicolor reviving Diamond Lil is fantastic ! The entire movie is hilarious , probably not in the way that Mae intended , but I 'm sure she 's happy to get a laugh . And the fact she did this at 85 is astounding . This is also the only movie you see her drink alcohol in .
 It m a y depend on your mood . If u r a highbrow critic and only embrace `` La Strada '' , Bergman , Fellini , Minnelli , `` Cabaret '' and so forth u may be the 1 giving this film only 1 point ... But IF u have a sense of humour , satire and respect for ageing superstars NOT past their prime - this is the 1 for u. . . Naturally , Miss Mae delivers her most famous lines and there are moments of embarresment - but on the whole - she still is magnetic and of amazing vitality being at the age of 86 ... The supporting cast is god -LRB- Dom DeLuise a REAL TREAT -RRB- but so is Timothy , Ringo and Tony ... Yup , the musical sequences are below average , but as I pointed out , is done with an awareness of humour ... Many a spectator would wish Mae West had ` n done this , but I must say , she does NOT come badly out of it ...
 The mere fact that 82-year old Miss Mae West actually made a film in 1977 is a pretty amazing thing . It took many years for her to realize filming her play `` Sextette '' , but she got it done , to the delight of fans and the consternation of everyone else . Considering that her previous comeback `` Myra Breckinridge '' was such an utter disaster that this film seems like a joyful fling in comparison , Mae handles herself quite well here . The tone light & campy most of the time , Mae plays Marlowe Manners , a big-time movie star who 's getting hitched -LRB- for the sixth time -RRB- to British gentleman Timothy Dalton -LRB- it 's purely coincidental that a James Bond reference is made , considering he bagged the role a decade later -RRB- . But the marriage is put on hold when peace talks keep breaking down -LRB- Mae 's affiliation with this is her character was once married to Russian Alexis , played with flair by Tony Curtis -RRB- . And so , Marlowe 's manager -LRB- the always-funny Dom DeLuise -RRB- convinces her to `` take one for her country '' by stepping in & helping untangle this political mess . There 's some amusing business with hubby Dalton jamming his foot in his mouth in interviews by insinuating he 's gay -LRB- he misunderstands the meaning -RRB- , and the contemporary covers of musical numbers are utterly cute & charming.So how does Mae look ? Well , close up , she 's just not as attractive -LRB- hence , plenty of long shots -RRB- . But she 's in good physical shape for her age , and she still sounds like the same ol' Mae West . Fans will be relieved that she has n't lost her touch with tossing out her trademark racy one-liners , which surprisingly , have n't lost their impact for the 1970 's . Some may be shocked that Marlowe is marrying a man decades younger . But then you have to consider the facts
 Based upon Depression-era original play , this incredible vehicle for the Legendary Mae West , is firmly planted in the disco seventies
 Sextette is about an international sex symbol on her wedding day -LRB- Husband Number 6 -RRB- . Throughout the course of this one day , she and her husband are interrupted for a variety of interviews and interludes -LRB- with everyone except each other -RRB- . I adore this movie -LRB- so much so I warped the tape and HAD to buy the DVD -RRB- . I would only recommend it to a Mae West fan , however . After all , this movie was made for her fans . Therefore , it might be difficult for someone not familiar with her work to understand the magic and inferences . Although it is set in the 70s , there is a scene where she is trying on the different dresses for an upcoming movie . It is a true pleasure to see all those `` Diamond Lil-esque '' costumes in color . I encourage you to approach the movie in a campy frame of mind . Also , this is an older Mae West . While she is still delivering all her famous lines , due to Alzheimer 's , her speech is a bit stilted at times -LRB- the dialogue was often being read to her through an earpiece -RRB- . She is still glamorous , but this is not the face you are used to from her other movies -LRB- unless you 're only familiar with her appearance in Myra Breckenridge -RRB- . The technical aspects of the DVD are what caused me to give this movie only 4 stars . There is the perk of chapter selection , but the sound was horrible . My TV was at maximum volume , yet the dialogue was still very soft -LRB- good thing I have all the dialogue memorized -RRB- . Also , it would have been great to have the movie trailer or some other little perk at the end -LRB- I guess I 've been spoiled by all the DVDs with a million extras at the end -RRB- . The picture quality was great . Overall , a very good movie , but I 'd only recommend purchase of the DVD for West fans thoroughly familiar with the movie .
 this live show is great ! it looks great & sounds great!they missed laundromat kat on the listing , but that was the only flaw.highly recommended for flesh for lulu fans ! nick marsh unzips his pants at the end & yes they do come off !
 This VHS video features one complete episode of `` The Mike Douglas Show '' . Originating from Philadelphia starting in mid-1965 , `` The Mike Douglas Show '' was an entertaining 90-minute daytime talk show , with lots of famous guests appearing throughout the many years the show was on the air in syndication . The series first premiered in 1961 and was on the air in many U.S. cities until 1982 . This video gives us the excellent Mike Douglas program that was originally recorded on July 20 , 1977 -LRB- and broadcast one week later , on July 27 , 1977 -RRB- ; and it 's really quite remarkable how many guests Mike is able to cram into just one show . Of course , the longer 90-minute time-slot no doubt helped in this regard.On this show , Mike welcomes three relative newcomers to the Hollywood acting scene -- three actors who were starring at that time in a blockbuster movie called `` Star Wars '' . Mike first brings out young 20-year-old Carrie Fisher , and then later introduces two of the film 's other stars -- Harrison Ford -LRB- age 35 -RRB- and Mark Hamill -LRB- who was just 25 at the time -RRB- . Unlike the very short interview segments we now see on the morning shows and on some of the nighttime talk shows , the interviews on `` The Mike Douglas Show '' were given more time to breathe . These candid interviews with the trio from `` Star Wars '' are quite interesting to see and hear , especially considering the fact that this program was done in 1977 , right at the same time that `` Star Wars '' was in theaters . At the time of this show 's filming , it was still to be another three years before the first `` Star Wars '' sequel -LRB- `` The Empire Strikes Back '' -RRB- would be released . This program is indeed , as stated on the video 's box , a true `` Time Capsule '' back to 1977 . In my opinion , these interview segments with the `` Star Wars '' cast members would have been an ideal bonus feature to add to the `` Star Wars Trilogy '' 4-Disc DVD set , released in September 2004 . I 'm sure a lot of Star Wars fanatics would enjoy these casual interviews , wherein we can see these actors as they looked at the time of the movie 's original release.Other guests on this Mike Douglas Show include Richard Thomas -LRB- from `` The Waltons '' TV series , who was Mike 's `` co-host '' for that week -RRB- , singer Billy Paul , Cincinnati Reds ' baseball greats Pete Rose and Tom Seaver , and more.The segments with Pete Rose and recently-acquired Reds ' pitcher Tom Seaver are also very revealing . Pete and Tom discuss free agency , the National League pennant race , and Seaver 's controversial trade from the New York Mets . Seaver had been a life-long Met up until just one month prior to this TV program , when he was dealt to the Cincinnati Reds on June 15 , 1977 , in a trade that did not have most Mets ' fans jumping for joy.Whenever I see an old episode of `` The Mike Douglas Show '' , it reminds me of a similarly-styled daytime talk show from the 1960s and 1970s -- `` Bob Braun 's 50-50 Club '' , which aired from Cincinnati , Ohio , for many years . The original host of that program was Ruth Lyons , who is a true legend in the Cincinnati area . Local television programming in Cincinnati from the 1950s to the early 1980s was quite innovative , in fact , and featured quite a few unique and colorful characters ... . Ruth Lyons , Bob Braun , Ruby Wright , Uncle Al , Bob Shreve , Skipper Ryle , `` The Cool Ghoul '' , Cliff Lash and his orchestra , among still others.Another Cincinnati-based daytime program from that era that I can easily recall was `` The Paul Dixon Show '' -LRB- which was quite hilarious at times -RRB- . Anyone who lived near Cincinnati in the 1960s can also probably recall tuning in to the sometimes crazy antics of Mr. Dixon on weekday mornings ! -LRB- Remember the `` Chicken Wedding '' ? LOL ! -RRB- It 's a shame that many of these `` local '' TV programs will probably never see a viewing audience again , either via re-runs or a home-video release . Many of these shows are lost forever I fear . Some of these local programs -LRB- like the `` 50-50 Club '' -RRB- would occasionally feature some very good guest interviews with famous celebrities . Among the well-known stars that would drop by to visit the Live set of the `` 50-50 Club '' included Bob Hope , Jerry Lewis , Ronald Reagan , Liberace , Red Skelton , Roy Rogers , Rod Serling , Jesse Jackson , and the Cincinnati-born Doris Day . In addition , just about every Cincinnati Reds ' baseball player of the era probably put in an appearance or two as well . Not half bad for a local daytime TV show.This `` Mike Douglas
 Based on the South African release of this tape , it is actually quite good and informative . It includes the music videos
 Upon seeing the first trailers for `` Frequency '' , I realized that this could be an extremely good movie . Upon seeing it on video , it quickly become of one of my favorite movies . I am still kicking myself for not going to the theater to see it , adding to my regret that the movie did not do as good at the box office as it should have.Simply put , `` Frequency '' is a movie about second chances , regrets , justice , and reunion . Dennis Quaid , one of my favorite actors , puts in an outstanding performance as Frank Sullivan , fire-fighting baseball-lover extraordinaire , who dies in a warehouse fire in 1969 , leaving his child and wife alone.Fast-forward thirty years - it 's 1999 , and Frank 's son John is working for the NYPD as a detective . John and his partner come across the remains of a woman killed a little over thirty years ago in a series of slayings dubbed the `` Nightingale murders '' , as most of the victims were `` Nightingale '' nurses . As this discovery gives John a chance to close one element from the past , an odd appearance of the Northern Lights in N.Y. somehow messes with time , allowing John to communicate via a ham radio with his dead father.From here , the two Sullivans hook up to stop the `` Nightingale '' killer across time , with results that must be experienced by the viewer . As Frank and John change past events , John 's present becomes a combination of his real past , and the new one being made . But the question becomes - will John , being in the future , reach back and save his father from the fiery death that awaits him?With great acting , superb storytelling , and emotion galore , `` Frequency '' is a tale that draws you in and , while you suspend reality , grips you till its heart-stopping finale . `` Frequency '' proves that movies can still be magical .
 `` Frequency '' , to me , is like two stories in one ... the first story is set in 1969 and it describes Frank Sullivan -LRB- an outstanding Dennis Quaid -RRB- , a working-class NY fireman living in Queens with a loving wife -LRB- Elizabeth Mitchell -RRB- and his son John . The second story is set in 1999 , 30 years later . It describes John Sullivan -LRB- Jim Caviezel -RRB- , all grown up and is a police officer , not a firefighter like his father . Basically , John could not get over the fact that Frank , his father , had died in a building fire . John 's best friend Gordo -LRB- Noah Emmerich -RRB- comes across a ham radio inside John 's house . The ham radio used to belong to Frank a long time ago , so Gordo urges John to give it a try . And soon enough , the radio works under the different frequencies of the Northern Lights , or Aurora Borealis . John could not believe it when he is talking to his father , who 's been dead for 30 years . As the film goes on , there is a string of murders that are the work of a serial killer . And John in 1999 and Frank in 1969 must team up to prevent these killings from happening again from the results of 30 years ago . Gregory Hoblit -LRB- `` Primal Fear '' , `` Fallen '' -RRB- directed this film with perfection all the way ! `` Frequency '' is so entertaining and so thrilling that it will have you asking the question
 In many ways , this movie is a variation of the concept the movie `` Back to the Future '' explored , with a slightly more deeper focus on the character-relationships between the father and the son character . Perhaps it is the presence of Dennis Quaid that makes it feel like an 80 's film . Or maybe it is the changing-past-altering-future time travel concept . Nevertheless , it 's a fun concept to explore , the idea of being able to communicate with somebody from the past through a radio , and thus warning that person in the past , thus altering the events of the present . This is basically what happens when John , a police detective , finds himself communicating with his presently dead father in the past through a HAM radio and manages to prevent his death . As a result , it somehow results in a set of serial murders , of which John must try to solve -LRB- with a help of his dad -RRB- . The relationship between the father and son are quite endearing and the mystery thriller and sci-fi elements are an interesting bonus .
 Obviously , I liked this movie . It is just the sort of movie I like , actually . I like time travel -LRB- we went to `` Back To the Future '' the night it opened -RRB- , I like good acting -LRB- I come from NY , and Dennis Quaid did an incredible job of portraying a Queens/everyman fireman -- the accent was perfect and the attachment to his family was , well , the way it is ... -RRB- , and I like intense plots.I want you to see it twice because you will miss a few things the first time , unless you are REALLY REALLY smart and REALLY REALLY quick . Just a few odds and ends that will make it even more enjoyable the second time.Then I want you to see it again because it could , just possibly become one of `` your '' movies ... I am considering making it one of mine . If it falls into this category , it will achieve a special status I only reserve for a few movies that make me cosy when I watch them , the way some people read the same books over and over . I know it 's hard to imagine a movie like this , with violence and fires and fierce interludes making a person feel cosy , but hey , I think at least some of you will `` get '' what I am trying to say .
 `` Frequency '' is an excellent drama filled with great acting , suspense , true emotion , and a tremendous amount of accuracy . I am a huge fan of the `` Back to the Future '' trilogy , but I am well aware of how difficult it is to keep the audience believing and also attentive to detail -LRB- important in such suspense classics as `` The Sixth Sense '' -RRB- . Due to a commitment to consistency by the director Greg Hoblit -LRB- except for one blunder explained in the commentary -RRB- and phenomenal acting by both Dennis Quaid and James Caviezel , it is easy to stay attached to the plot and feel sympathy for the Sullivan family . In response to questions in reviews about how Frank beats cancer , you can see him throw away the last pack of cigarettes his wife offers him towards the end . As far as the DVD goes , the audio commentary is informative and helpful to make realizations you may have missed while watching this underrated thriller . The few deleted scenes included are intriguing as well , especially when John carries out a conversation over the ham radio with his childhood friend that would have been a welcome bit of comic relief had it been included . New Line continues to deliver great movies and nice packages on it 's Platinum Series DVDs . Do n't miss out on this quality movie .
 I hate it when a movie blows my socks off to the point where I 'm the first guy in line when it 's out in stores , but dose n't do well in theatres . Dennis Quaid makes an amazing return to the silver screen in a beautiful movie all about time travel . One of my favourite subjects . The intensity between father and son when it 's discoverd they can talk through time is simply awe inspiring . I had not known who James Caviezel was before veiwing the film and immediatly did a background check , the man is gifted and I hope Hollywood gives him his due . If you like movies that show you the same place and two different times then this is the right film for you .
 There are really two ways you can watch this movie . You can be very analytical and ask who , what , why , where and how , or you can just sit back and enjoy the movie for what it is - a movie . If you are over-analyzing the movie , you will undoubtedly hate it . Yes , there are many plot holes and flaws in the time sequence concept , but nonetheless , it 's an enjoyable movie . It was giving me goosebumps throughout the first 30 minutes ... it was great.Audio - very nicely done ... I could actually hear the dialogue from the center channel without being drowned out by the sub , which seems to be a problem with some of my other dvds.The extras on the DVD are also well done . There 's a `` science behind frequency '' featurette that 's really interesting to watch . If you like the scientific side of things , you 'll definitely want to check that part out .
 Have you ever thought to yourself what if I did `` this '' differently in life or what if `` this person '' was still living , how could my life be now ?? Well , this movie will answer your question ! This is a very well done movie that all can enjoy ! Also , there is n't alot of foul language to kill the movie -LRB- like many movies out there -RRB- . Just when you think you have figured out what is going to happen everything changes . So it definately keeps your attention !! I ca n't wait to watch it again !!
 This movie is absolutely wonderful . Dennis Quaid and James Caviezel -LRB- the first movie I 've seen him in - he was great -RRB- and the rest of the cast were excellent and the plot was very good as well . The changes between the past and the present were very well done , and I was never confused as to what time period it was . The plot twists and the sudden surprises kept me on the edge of my seat . I had some friends with me when I went to see it , and one of my friends was actually shouting out to the characters on the screen ! I definitely recommend this movie .
 Freqency . 2 words for you out there . Very Unexpecting . Ever imagine of communicating into the future when you were a kid ? If yes , go back into those dreams wiith this movie . Grab our wife or kids , and sit down to enjoy this thriller . It will amaze and entertain you . So many people will promise you .
 I first saw this movie in the movie theater , at a time when I was just beginning to stop going to the theater for every new release , and opting instead , to wait for the DVD release . But , I had received some Gift Card Movie Tickets , and I could n't pass this one up . It was really good!The thing I loved about this movie compared to other time travel movies , is it allowed different time segments to cross and interfere with each other -LRB- sort of like Back to the Future , when Marty 's current self was interfering with his past self -RRB- etc. . I like seeing the interaction between father and son , both past and present . It was really entertaining.Of course we all want a good ending , which this movie has , but the director/writer did n't sacrafice a good story , with lots of loose ends , to accomplish it . And that 's what makes it a good DVD worth repeat viewings After all , do n't you hate when you re-watch an old favorite , only to find its full of holes and open endings That 's very frustrating for somebody like me , who watches the same movie multiple times.Great in the theater , and on DVD ! This movie is terrific !!! MC White said
 The science concerning time travel and the aurora borealis is outrageously wrong , but as long as you do n't peer too deeply into the plot 's intellectual underpinnings , you can enjoy a rip-roaring good time with this dashing thriller . Let your thinking mind take a vacation -LRB- like when you voted for Bush -- if you 're Republican , it should come easy -RRB- and just hang on for the ride . Recommended !
 What if you could change the past ? Fireman , John Sullivan did not die in a warehouse fire because of information from his son in the future . John is a fireman , who takes high risks to save people , in the first scene where John saves a group of workers trapped under a leaking fuel tank ; the fuel tanker accident takes place at a road construction project , the tanker is about to explode , electric wires threaten to ignite the fuel , and John must pry open a steel door and carry injuried man out , who later manages to start running just before the explosion . How does a injured man manage to run out just before the explosion ? John hero courage and valor allow him to escape death from a exploding fuel tanker.It would seem at first time modification would bring a happy ending , however , the paradox of changing the past to improve the future leaves one reflecting on the complex of time and space . The movie has some Ham radio humor , as John says , `` we must be talking of the mother of all sun spots . '' In order to go back in time frequency of the radio waves would have to exceed the speed of light . It seems the radio wave enters a worm hole through a sun spot and emerge out the sunspot in a different time . So , if space time could wrap around on its self then traveling along the course would take the person back and orth from the past to the future and the future to the past . The irony of the thought being that the events in the past and future could change the space time topology.John does not die in the warehouse fire ; John manages to find a grain slide and escape down it into the bay below ; John loves his wive and wants to see her immediately ; John visits his wife , a nurse , at the hospital ; if he had died , she would not have been at the hospital ; as , a result she saves a serial killers live , Jack ; John Jr realizes the past has changed an made the future worst ; Jack in the future increased his killings from three to ten ; John Jr tells his father they must stop the killer to save the mother 's life ; John Jr discovers that the killer Jack killed his mother a nurse ; John Jr discloses the address and name of the first victim ; John is discovered by Jack and loses in a fight with Jack and Jack steals his drivers license ; John Jr , uses a finger left by Jack on John 's wallet ; the finger print is traced to Jack , a dirty cop ; Jack has been living off disablity and stacking nurses ; John can not stop Jack and Jack kills the first victim and when John arrives an eye witness places him at the crime scene ; John predicts the outcome of the mets game to his black cop friend ; John 's wife arrives and the black cop takes her aside to watch the game and tell her John is a suspect in the killings ; this gives Jack a chase to question John at gun point ; Jack wants to know how John knows about him and tries to kill John at the police station ; Jack is interrupted by a fellow officer ; this give John a chance to improvise a defense using wires from the fuse box and airconditioning unit ; John manages to electrocute Jack with the wires , start the fire alarms , and manages to escape ; John reverse the tide by gaining access to information about Jack 's residence from information in his wallet ; Jack discovers John in his apartment and the shooting starts ; Jack chases John and they end up fighting in the water , John takes a steel bolt to Jacks head and it seems Jack is dead ; John Jr does not understand why the mothers picture has not been restored and tells John something is wrong when suddenly Jack appears in both time periods and attacks ; because John had fixed the ham radio his tools were on the desk and because he was alive , John manages to escape ; John shoots off Jacks right hand which helps John Jr escape the attack by Jack in the future ; and the best part is everyone made a ton of money off Yahoo .
 I had not seen any advance publicity on this movie . I 'm not even sure how I happened to come to watch it the first time . I just remember how engrossed I became in the movie as the unusual plot unfolded . There is a sort of science fiction aspect that is handled fairly well and adds to the impact of the movie . Due to the presence of northern lights , a ham radio is able to travel through time to connect a son and his deceased father . They come to understand just who they are talking to over the radio and the family history starts going through some radical changes . The way things change and the suspense involving new twists to the story keep the interest level high through out the movie . Just when you think the movie is coming to an end , it veers off in a new direction.This is one of those movies that will appeal to most age groups and was one that my -LRB- then -RRB- 11-year old son and I enjoyed together . I liked the use of the 1969 World Series as a backdrop and point of reference in the movie . If you have n't seen this movie then you have been missing out on a real treat .
 This movie is quite an intricate story . It begins explosively , settles you into the main characters and who they are , and then the science fiction weaves its way into the story line . Quite original thinking behind this story.Dennis Quaid plays a heroic fireman and a loving husband and father in the past . James Caviezel portrays his adult son in the future . James Caviezel character is tragic , sad because he misses his father who died in a fire when he was young . The story affords James ' character to save Dennis by telling him how he would die and how to avoid it . How does he communicates with his dead father ? Watch the film . It 's quite simple . By doing so , the consequences goes beyond what they imagined , and the story really takes off from that point on.The story is great for popcorn on the sofa at home . It is heartwarming , exciting , and smartly written . I recommend for enthusiast of intricate story telling and acting.Thanks .
 This is a movie that when you see it again for the 2cd time you forget everything and start to panic . Frequency contains drama , thrill , and suspense . When Jim Caviezel finds out he is talking to his dead father 30 years ago ... well anyway this movie is a masterpiece and it is a must see .
 I had never heard of this movie until my boyfriend rented it at the library . I was very happily surprised with it.A 36 year old man by pure luck gets to enter in contact with his dead father of 30 years before . He relives every day with his father of 30 years before by using his old fireman radio . By doing so , he prevents him from dying in a fire which leads to radical changes in both their lives
 This is one of my favorite movies . The acting was very good and the story line was excellent . It is about a son who is able to talk to his dad on his ham radio even though his dad has been dead for thirty years . He is able to warn him about a fire he was going to where he would die . This changes the course of the future and some interesting things happen . This is a very good film .
 Frequency takes an interesting twist on the concept of time travel . Nobody actually travels forward or backward in time in this movie . Instead , a son talks to his now deceased father 30 years in the past over the ham radio because of freakish sun storms that occur exactly 30 years apart . This makes for an interesting movie as we see a son getting to know the father he lost as a child.When it comes to movies or television handling the concept of time travel , you have to make two decisions . One ? does the story set up and adhere to any rules addressing how time travel and the consequences thereof will be governed . Two ? are your willing to accept these rules . In Frequency , the rules are that anything that happens 30 years in the past to change events in the future is noticed exactly 30 years later . For example , when John Sullivan?s father accidentally burns the desk , the burn mark -LRB- still warm -RRB- appears before John?s eyes who is sitting at the same desk exactly thirty years later . I found this somewhat annoying , but the rest of the movie was done well enough that I decided to go ahead an accept this.In the movie , John Sullivan -LRB- James Caviezel -RRB- talks to his father , Frank , thirty years in the past over the ham radio because of sun storms that occur exactly thirty years apart in 1969 and 1999 . John warns his father that he will die in a fire -LRB- Frank is a firefighter -RRB- , which allows Frank to avoid his untimely demise . This alters history in ways that lead to John?s mother later being murdered by a serial killer . John remembers both timelines because he was involved in changing the past -LRB- another of the movie?s time travel rules you have to accept -RRB- . John warns Frank of what has happened , and they work together to follow the events that lead to Julia Sullivan?s murder in order to alter history once again.If the plot sounds somewhat convoluted and contrived , it is . But it is done well enough and provides for a rather entertaining two hours . The focus is on John and Frank as they reestablish the bond they lost when Frank died thirty years ago . Dennis Quaid does a good job as Frank Sullivan , almost overshadowing James Caviezel?s performance as John Sullivan . Quaid is an excellent actor who has unfortunately been cast in more than a few mediocre movies . In Frequency , though , he is given the material that an actor of his talent deserves.The DVD version has most of the usual additional features such as comments by the director and writer as well as biographies of the cast . One of the more interesting of the additional features is a short documentary on the science behind the movie . It does not provide a completely sound scientific backing to what transpires in the movie -LRB- not that you would really expect it to -RRB- but it does have some interesting information on how sun storms have affected ham radio transmissions .
 This is a GREAT movie . This flick will keep you on the edge of your seat ! This is one of those movies that you are wondering what is going to happen next in . Jim Caviezel and Dennis Quaid did a wonderful job in this movie . I think I could watch this movie over and over again , each time I notice something new ! I definately recommend buying this movie .
 A thriller that associates many interesting elements . First a serial killer , running after him , trying to stop him , in the radical way of today , a good self-defense shot . Then a fireman -LRB- yes not very politically correct
 This has to be the most underrated movie ever . It has incredible performances from two incredible actors -LRB- Dennis Quaid is awesome and Jim Caviezel is beyond awesome !!! -RRB- It keeps you on the edge of your seat nearly through the entire movie , and it has some awesome plot twists . I highly recommend this movie !!! Buy it because you will want to watch it again and again!p.s . The music is also great ! If you do n't like the song `` When You Come Back to Me Again '' , there is something wrong with you .
 I was immediately intrigued by the commercials and clips when this movie was released , but I 'm one of those who never seem to get to the movies . So , I kept my eyes open for its release on video , at which point , I snatched it up and brought it home . I was not disappointed . This is the kind of movie they just do n't make anymore . Nowadays , you can usually watch a bit of a movie and predict the end . I tried to do that with Frequency , but it just did n't work . Every time I THOUGHT I had it figured out , they changed something in the past , which changed something in the future , making my idea of the ending not possible . I never did guess the ending and was thrilled and surprised when it came . I was also thrilled to have watched a movie that could keep me in suspense right up to the end , not to mention a movie that was about nice people who loved each other in what some would consider a `` mundane '' lifestyle . There are no penthouses or personal jets or other typical elements of modern movies . This is about real people in extraordinary circumstances.For those who have lost a parent , this movie is about miracles and wish-fulfillment . We cheer and cry that these two find each other over the years . Watching the movie , I did n't like John , the son , much at the beginning , but I watched him soften and become more likeable as he gets to know the father who he lost as a child.There are so many aspects of this movie that you just have to see it to catch them all . In fact , you may have to watch it a few times to catch all the nuances and all the levels of the script.I suppose you 've guessed by now that I STRONGLY recommend this movie !!
 Excellent movie , especially meaningful in light of recent events ...
 I 'll admit , when I first read reviews of ` Frequency ' it did n't appeal at all , as always with the sci-fi genre , I dismissed it as a boring , plotless movie . However when faced with a 9 hour flight and an absolutely dire selection of movies I chose to watch this and discovered it was a lot deeper than your average sci-fi . First of all , it had a story , and a good one at that . Second of all I found it completely gripping and I was so tense . You find yourself willing Dennis Quaid , who plays the father , to survive the fire , and your heart plummets when you discover that other members of the family are in danger and pass through various other crises and have to be helped via a ham radio connection to the future , which is in fact the present day . Confused ? Do n't worry , I do n't blame you , but I promise that when you watch this DVD all will become crystal clear because despite its seemingly compilcated storyline the movie is very easy to follow . I think that the aspect of this movie that differentiates it from normal sci-fi is the fact that entwined in , and , inextricably linked to the somewhat spooky story is a development of a father-son relationship , in some respects similar to ` Field of Dreams ' . It is this which makes the movie what it is for sure . Although there is immense tension , at times bordering on fear , ` Frequency ' has the substance that many films of this genre lack . Therein lies the success . If you do n't get what I mean from this review , which , judging by what I 've written is highly likely , do n't worry , as you will probably understand me once you have seen this DVD , so get watching !
 The characters are very believable and the action is non-stop . The story line is incredibly well done ... Dennis Quaid is hot , hot , hot as a NY Firefighter ... Ladies you 'll swoon for the men in this and the action will definitely appeal to all the guys out there ! Do n't miss this phenomenal movie !
 Yes , I cried at this movie ... it really shows the depth of family , of regret , of `` what-if '' 's , of the bond between parent and child . It resonates into what is most people 's feelings of nostalgia about family and wishing `` if only '' they had more time with their loved ones ... if only they were `` still here '' , how `` things would be so different '' , of thinking , `` what if it IS possible ? ... '' It is a fabulous movie .
 As a fan of `` Back to the Future '' , I found `` Frequency '' to be one of the most enjoyable movies ever . The story and script are both well written . It 's something that you ca n't imagine could happen , but makes you wonder `` what if you can communicate with your own self , in the past or future ? '' . What I like the most is you can not -LRB- or do n't want to -RRB- guess what comes next . And the ending is most satisfying . This movie is worth wathcing a few more times . Again , who needs bad languages to make a movie works ? 2 thumbs up for the producers and directors .
 The plot of Frequency is terrific . Everybody wants to go back and talk to loved ones that have passed on . It would be a dream come true . That 's why this movie is so effective . You put yourself into the shoes of the characters . This movie makes you think a lot about things and where you are in life . You keep saying to yourself `` If only I would have done that differently . '' You start wondering what the effect of your past has made on the present and the future . Frequency is a good family movie . The characters are believable and the acting is great . The movie is a little unbelievable at times but of course the whole premise is pretty unique . I was afraid at the end that is was going to turn into something that we tend to see in a lot of action movies with the chase schenes and all of that . But it did n't . I ca n't say that Frequency is one of the years best movies but it does deserve a recommendation from me . 4 stars
 I really enjoyed this movie . I have seen a lot of what Hollywood had to offer this year and for the most part find it dull and dry . However , this movie is truly an exception ! The plot is fast paced and keeps you on the edge of your seat . The relationship between father and son is heartwarming and VERY believable . The second serial killer plot is heart pounding exciting ! Where many movies are over the top with sugar sweet dialogue and story , this movie offers true to life emotion . Just when you think you have the film figured out there comes the wildest plot twist ! It is a extremely well done film that was sadly underrated at the box office !
 I love this movie . It has everything . I 've seen it at least 10 times . If you want good entertainment buy this one , you wo n't be sorry .
 I really , really enjoyed this movie . Was it a critical phenomenon ? No . Was it destined to win a trophy case full of awards ? No . It 's just a good story about a man who gets to change his family history , ... You leave this movie with a good feeling inside , one of knowing that all is right with the world , and to be honest , that 's what I go to the movies for . I liked this movie enough to buy my own copy , and believe me , that is saying something . I am not a movie person , preferring always to read the book if possible , but I solidly support the rating I give ` Frequency . ' It has universal appeal , and is a good movie for families as long as their children are old enough not to be disturbed by some of the violence . This is not a movie to watch if you 're looking for tortured genius or scathing social commentary . It is , however , a very pleasant way to spend an afternoon .
 What can I say about Dennis Quaid ! I just watched him in Traffic , where he played a sleaze . In Frenquency , he played a loving and devoted father and husband at home and a guy 's guy at work and at play -LRB- baseball -RRB- . He pulled both of them off with flying colors . When he 's straight and sincere you ca n't help but to feel it . When he played the `` baddie '' , you ca n't help but to feel the chill . He can be showy yet he can be subtle . What a great actor ! Do n't miss The Rookie ... for another one of his grounded and realistic performance .
 Frequency is the best movie you will ever see . I am 22 years of age today actually and I ca n't say one bad thing about this movie . I 've been sitting here reading everyone elses reviews and actually got pretty bored by them , but I have to say that they are very intellegent reviews . Instead of wasting your time telling you what the movie was about and ruining it for you I am going to tell you why you need to watch this movie .1 -RRB- It is the best movie ever2 -RRB- It is interesting , keeps you thinking3 -RRB- Actors/Actress ' were wonderful4 -RRB- Come on , you cant miss out on watching Dennis Quaid in anymovie5 -RRB- If you do n't watch it you will regret it6 -RRB- It melts your heart7 -RRB- And like Ive told all of my friends about this movie It IS a mens movie and a womans movie It is NOT a Chick flick.Thanks for taking the time to read my review , its not the greatest review ever but I hope it convinced you enough to rent the movie and watch it . You wont regret it.Melanie
 This movie had everything a good movie should have . It had a very creative and intricate plot . It had wonderful acting . Dennis Quaid and Jim Caviezel had only one scene actually together , but they really pulled off the father/son relationship . It was interesting to see how small things done in the past had changed the future , and I thought the plot was very well wrapped up all in all . I highly recommend this movie to anyone , not just science fiction or drama fans .
 Frequency is a great movie in and of itself , but add great bonus features , and this DVD is GREAT !!! I would highly recommend its addition to any DVD collection . The bonus materials feature several different tracks . One is full of interesting facts . Listening to the directors comments gives wonderful insight to many of the features in movie .
 This movie consists of SF and family love . I could not foresee the ending . So I was excited through the movie.I would like to recommend this movie to you all.You must be satisfied . Thank you .
 the movie was one of the best iv ' e ever seen even though i am a real fan of just compleate action . it was probally the best movie i ever saw . the opening scene is ok and then everything gets good and then it shows that his father is ...
 I like this film a lot , was hooked from the start of the movie til the end . I 've been trying to look up the soundtrack CD of this movie but had no luck . Anyone knows if they have such a CD for this film at all ?
 This movie rocks . Talk about different angles . This movie is the best movie I have seen this year . So much suspense and so many twists . Rates right up with sixth sense , stir of echoes , Meet Joe Black ! . Start out by sitting in your seat and you move forward throughout the movie until the end and Bam you fall off your seat !!
 I 've always loved this movie for the action , the well-written science fiction , and the father-son love , but the last time I watched it I became aware of way too much slow-moving emotional crap that detracts from the overall impact of an otherwise excellent film .
 Thrill , love , action , agony , mystery , science fiction , cool music , a fine screenplay , strong on details & a careful edit . This movie was about to reach excellence if it was n't for thatstupid line that came out of Quaid 's mouth
 I bought Frequency last week on DVD and did n't know what to expect . But I was n't disappointed . This movie is absolutely fantastic . It 's a suspenseful thriller with a touch of family-feeling and the question of wether or not you should change the past . This may sound a little old-fashioned but it 's not . This is one of the movies I will remember for a long time and watch for many , many times . Again , and again , and again ...
 What is it that is so amazing about this little sleeper hit ? It 's that it is true to itself at all time . It does n't get confusing , does n't break the rules it makes , does n't loose any emotion at any time . It 's entertaining , it is moving , it is the best film of the year . The writing is amazing . The story is original . But it is the casting that makes this sci-fi drama so good .
 This is a movie both sexes will love . It has something for everyone , is engaging , filled with great action sequences , as well as a thought-provoking plot that makes sense . We loved it .
 This is probably one of the best movies I have seen in a while ! It is an exciting twist that sets off the most epic father-son bonding time to ever exist !
 I bought the DVD and was very happy with it . The cast was great . The movie kept my attention and I can easily sit through this a second time . Dennis Quaid is a favorite of mine , and he had a great performance . Ca n't wait to see his next movie .
 I 've always loved this movie for the action , the well-written science fiction , and the father-son love , but the last time I watched it I became aware of way too much slow-moving emotional crap that detracts from the overall impact of an otherwise excellent film .
 I first saw Frequency not really knowing what to expect . then I saw it , and I knew that it was a real gem of a movie . It is a mix of all films , sci-fi , action , adventure , mystery , suspense , and thriller . It is very easy to understand and the acting is great . When I saw , this , I wished that it was on DVD right away . So when I saw this , I knew that I had to get it . A real treasure that you and your family will treasure for a long , long time .
 Frequency , starring , among thers , Dennis Quaid , is an awesome mystery thriller that is a must see ! I will not describe it in this review because it takes away the fun part , but I will tell you that if you are looking for a good movie to sit down , watch , and enjoy , you 'll absolutely LOVE this movie ! I love mystery thrillers that are not too scary , and this is the perfect one !!!
 Great movie ; I wish it had been promoted more . Does anyone know where to find the soundtrack ... I ca n't find it anywhere .
 An interesting thriller , with its basis of `` time travel '' in current String theory . I saw this movie several times and enjoyed it thoroughly . The audience applauded at the end of each showing . A nice feel good movie .
 Even if you hate superficial stories , you will love this movie . It is a love story -LRB- ! -RRB- ; it is a thriller ; it is a dedective story ... It 's been quite a while I was not moved as such . Dennis Quaid is at his best ; it seems like he is getting better every day . If you have a father , just see this piece ...
 Changing the past to affect the future may not be a new concept in film , but `` Frequency '' handles it deftly and with heart . The acting is superb , and as far as I can tell the plot is nearly airtight . It keeps you on your toes as the story twists in what feels like six directions at once and keeps you in emotional sync with the characters . The past/present connections are stirring and intriguing , especially the single-flash cuts at pivotal moments . This is one of the few movies about which I can honestly say , `` I laughed , I cried , I was scared stupid . '' Truly the only good movie so far this year . So buy this DVD you wo n't be sorry .
 Great picture . Wish it had true Hd sound but was still good . I item shipped fast . Was happy to get this on blueray .
 Length :
 Caviezel and Quaid are simply awesome . The movie keeps you in suspense and the end is the best . This movie is a must see for anyone and everyone . -LRB- Especially if Caviezel is your favorite actor ... sigh * -RRB- But seriously no Bias . If you dont see it youre missing out .
 It is a feel good movie . As a licensed amateur radio operator I saw afew flaws , but enjoyed the movie . I missed parts of it when it was on television , so I bought my own copy .
 I 'm not sure what determines which movie will be a blockbuster success , and which one will go almost unnoticed . This one should have been a blockbuster in the theaters . I had seen it on television , and asked for the DVD for Christmas . The writing is brilliant , and the action and unfolding relationship stories will keep you on the edge of your seat . It 's a father-son love story , it 's a murder mystery , it 's a time travel sort of bump in the universe . I wo n't give away the ending , but it still gives me goosebumps . I highly recommend this movie .
 In the thriller Frequency , directed by Gregory Hoblit -LRB- Primal FearandFallen -RRB- , audiences were given an unexpectedly well-made science fiction/suspense film . The film is an expertly directed piece of entertainment that will have viewers so absorbed in its thrilling story that they may have trouble coming back to reality after the end credits have rolled.The film , which was written by Toby Emmerich , explores what happens if a person could alter the past by communicating through time . And while dealing with such heady quantum conundrums , the story also allows for moments of genuine emotion.Troubled New York detective John Sullivan 's life is changed forever when he contacts his father , Frank Sullivan , with an old ham radio . What makes their reunion so extraordinary is the fact that Frank died in a fire thirty years earlier . When John realizes that the Aurora Borealis -LRB- or Northern Lights -RRB- is enabling him to communicate with his father in 1969 , he warns him of his death , thus giving Frank the opportunity to save himself and change the future . But altering the timeline proves to be complicated and dangerous as the Sullivan family soon finds out . When John discovers that his effect on the past has changed the future sequence of events , resulting in his mother 's death at the hands of a serial killer in 1969 , he must uncover the truth about who killed her so that his father can stop her murder before it happens . Utilizing his detective skills , John guides his father on a search for the killer , but the more they disrupt the course of events in the past , the more they find themselves endangered in the future . It 's not long before the entire Sullivan family is under threat and their only hope for a life together is dependent upon Frank 's resourcefulness and John 's guidance . Can they solve the murder of John 's mother before she 's killed or will they be forced to watch as their temporal interference costs them that which they hold dearest ; their family?The film stars Dennis Quaid as Frank Sullivan and Jim Caviezel as John Sullivan . The supporting cast includes Andre Braugher , Elizabeth Mitchell , Shawn Doyle , and Noah Emmerich -LRB- the screenwriter 's brother -RRB- . Both Quaid and Caviezel give strong performances , as does the entire cast . Adding to the power of the performances is the subtle aging makeup that it is skillfully applied to the actors to help viewers differentiate between the characters in 1969 and 1999 . One of the things that makes Frequency truly unique is that it manages to root itself in the foundations of multiple genres . Being part science fiction , part murder mystery , and part family drama , the film could have easily fallen apart if it were n't for the concentrated efforts of its director.Another interesting aspect of the film is that it 's essentially a time travel film in which no one actually travels through time . Only information is relayed back and forth through the ham radio , which limits the opportunities for action and the visual effects set pieces while heightening the suspense.Now the film is n't perfect . There are some serious flaws in the story 's logic when it comes to quantum physics and the disruption of the space-time continuum , but the story is absorbing enough that this should n't bother many viewers.Also adding to the film 's overall impact is the exciting score by master film composer Michael Kamen , who combines taut , suspenseful musical cues with haunting themes that echo the emotions of the characters.All in all , Frequency is an exhilarating thriller that should not be forgotten.The excellent DVD includes an audio commentary by director Gregory Hoblit , an audio commentary by writer Toby Emmerich and actor Noah Emmerich , a trivia track , The Science Behind Frequency documentary , deleted scenes , image galleries , and more.Also recommended : Back to the Future - The Complete TrilogyFlight of the NavigatorThe AbyssSeven12 MonkeysContactPiThe Matrix
 After watching this movie several time for the past years on VHS , idecided to get the DVD , why ??? because this movie is very very good.The music , the mood , the acting , , , , the STORY ... WOW.All involved with this movie , actors , directors did a great job.I just finished watching the DVD and the impact is as strong as the firsttime . A keeper for sure .
 This was a great thriller . It features making amends with your past , suspense , humor , and values , and combines them well . The movie features a cop who , due to a natural phenomenon , finds himself able to communicate with his father-who died 30 years ago battling a fire in a warehouse . He manages to convince him that he is telling the truth , and , as a result , the father survives the fire . However , this complicates things when , as a result , a killer survives and manages to kill more people . They have to work together to solve the mystery and stop him in this first-rate thriller . I think this was a good movie . You will like it too . Watch for the `` yahoo '' line . The movie was well-cast and executed .
 Dennis Quaid and James Caviezel turned in a stellar performance as a Father and Son who talk over the radio 30 years apart to try and figure out the Nightingales killer , only to put themselves past and future in danger . The complexity shows up when they start changing history and things do n't necessarily line up correctly anymore , but if you suspend you critical thinking , the movie is still very enjoyable . Great to watch , up to you if you want to own .
 This is one of my all time favorite movies . I have n't seen it with my father yet but I plan to because it really means a lot to me and I expect he 'll like it as much as I do.This movie tells a wonderful story of a sons love for his father . It 's a story about family that grows into a murder mystery plot similar to what you might see in one of the Law and Order shows with only a minimal Science Fiction flavor.Wow , thank you for letting fall into another world and be entertained for a couple hours . Every time I see this movie I walk away with a new sense of love and peace with the world .
 Wow , what a suspenseful film ! This is a combination crime and fantasy story , a time-travel theme employed as a son is able to talk to his father 30 years in the past and help change history for the better . Far-fetched ? Oh , of course , but it 's not meant to be taken seriously as something that could happen . Like `` Field Of Dreams , '' it 's pure fantasy but a nice father-and-son vehicle that makes you - or at least it did me - bring a tear or two to your eyes.The young guy is played by Jim Caviel and his dad is played by Dennis Quaid . Both are excellent and likable guys , as they usually are in the films they play.I 've watched this four times in the last four years and totally enjoyed it each time . It '' s highly recommended .
 This is such an enjoyable movie on many levels
 This is a very well made film . It is one of my favorites . Anyone with an interest in Ham Radio needs to see this . It is like a very well written Twilight Zone .
 I have n't ever liked a movie enough before to actually write a review , which in and of itself should tell you that this movie must be pretty good . I was a bit skeptical when I first rented the movie , because I had seen the commercials for it when it was in theaters , and they made it look really awful . However , I was pleasantly surprised . I suggest you buy Frequency , or at least rent it . Most movies really are n't worth the money they cost to purchase ; this one is .
 Even if you are n't a huge Dennis Quaid fan as I am , almost everyone will find a spot in their heart for this movie!Taking place over two time zones , and two generations , this film occurs during the 1969 and 1999 Aurora Borealis . In 1969 Frank Sullivan , a NYC firefighter , is killed on the job , leaving a son , John , and wife . 30 years later , in 1999 , John now a grown man working for the NYPD , stumbles across his fathers old CB Radio , which John is able to contact his father on in 1969 because of the Aurora Borealis.John essentially saves his father from his not-yet-occured death , and in turn sets forth a string of murders by a supposedly long dead , nurse murdering , cerial killer . In turn father and son must work together through time to save John 's mother as well catch the cerial killer before he continues on his vicious murders.Unfortunatly this movie recieved little attention due to it 's low profile , and I almost did n't see it myself . This is one of the greatest movies of its time and almost anyone will enjoy it , especially people who like movies with great mystry , and lots of heart .
 Frequency Grabs hold of you from start to finish and never lets go even after you 've turned off the T.V. . Frequency has something that is so subtle and heartwarming , that it puts itself in line with some of the great movies of the past . I even wonder how I let myself miss it at the theatres . Luckily I have Finally seen the most Underated movie of 2000 . It 's a pity that it has n't been noticed or even thought of for an Oscar hunt . Frequency really makes you think about the past and the future , and what someone could do to change or alter them both . I read the back of the box recently and it puts it plain and simple , It reads '' What if you could reach back into time and change the one event that forever altered your life ? Would you do it ? And what would it be ? '' The movie starts with -LRB- Dennis Quaids -RRB- character -LRB- Frank Sullivan -RRB- performing a heroic yet almost tragic rescue . Frank is a Fireman in Queens NY with a wife and son . The movie than shoots to the Future as Franks son John Sullivan -LRB- Jim Caviezel -RRB- is 30 years older living in his childhood home . He find that he has some of his Dads old things , which bring to pass that we find out his father died in a fire when he was six . A scientific phenomenon opens a channel to the past for John ... 30 years exactly . Shocked to find that he can communicate through an old Hamm radio his dad had to the past , John is able to change an event that alters other events . The communication from the two leads to solving past murders and attempting to set the future different and for the better . Thrilling and Suspensful yet still able to make even the toughest Sons and Dads jerk a few tears . Frequency will make you think about your own life and what things of the past might you do different if you only new better from the future . Best Picture Calibur Movie , and Great Performances by Quaid and Caviezel . The Dvd extras on this New Line Platinum series will put shame to other extras . Great commentary and added features . DD 5.1 with the anamorphic display really capture the movies intent well for anyone like myself who missed it in the theatres .
 The interesting , if somewhat farfetched premise of this movie is that a young man in 1999 is able to communicate via a ham radio with his father who is living in 1969 . The father , who was a fireman , died during a warehouse fire . With his foreknowledge , the son is able to direct his father away from the danger of the fire . The father 's survival then sets off a series of events which includes interaction with a serial killer . This strange plot twist is made palatable by the believable acting job of Dennis Quaid and James Caviezel and by the touching interaction between two men whose relationship was ended by the father 's untimely death . It makes for interesting viewing .
 I bought the DVD and was very happy with it . The cast was great . The movie kept my attention and I can easily sit through this a second time . Dennis Quaid is a favorite of mine , and he had a great performance . Ca n't wait to see his next movie .
 This was a video that held many pleasant surprises . What a great original piece of writing.Most movies can be figured out before the ending , this one held my interest and kept me guessing . The ending was magnificent . This movie could also apply to living a full and happy life today .
 This movie is a great movie that will keep you guessing all the way till the end . I enjoyed seeing it at the movies , and enjoy it even more on DVD .
 This movie has it all - action , drama , suspense , and emotion . I have never been touched so deeply by a movie . It is definitely worth buying and watching over and over again . Dennis Quaid and James Caviezel , along with the rest of the cast , were excellent . This movie was highly underrated and did not get the level of advertisement it deserved . By far the best movie of the year !
 I went to see this movie because it was one of the only movies at the theatre I had n't seen -LRB- and was n't Pokimon ! -RRB- . Very pleasantly surprised ! It had a good plot , acting , and many twists . All in all , a really good movie ! One of the better movies to come out in the last couple of years .
 This underrated thriller was marketed as a father-son drama , and that 's part of the equation . But what you get is also part sci-fi , part murder mystery . I hve n't seen a suspense movie this good since The Fugitive , and I do n't say that lightly .
 This is one of my all-time favorite movies . My older son loves it as well and watched with his girlfriend.Arrived timely and in good condition .
 This movie is great . It has it all . . Time travel , father and son here not here . Jim Caviezel is great in this also . A must see .
 `` Frequency '' is the coolest movie I 've bought from Amazon so far ! Dennis Quaid and Jim Caviezel really bring you to the edge of your seat ! This movie is about a police officer named John Sullivan who finds an old ham radio that used to belong to his dad , and tries to communicate with it . When he does , he eventually finds out he 's talking to his father -- who 's been dead for 30 years ! After John manages to save his dad 's life , the two must work together to stop a dangerous murderer -- who might kill them both ! This movie is very suspenseful and perfect for anyone who loves action-packed movies .
 I first saw this movie many years ago , and I knew it would become a classic for me to treasure .
 In 1969 Francis `` Frank '' Sullivan is a married man with a 9 year old child named John . He is a firefighter , and while out on a call dies.His death affects John deeply . In 1999 John is a cop working with Satch-who was one of Franks good friends . They uncover a body of a woman who was murdered by the `` nightingale '' Murderer about the time of Franks death-which forces them to reopen the case.In both 1969 and 1999 there is a solar flare . In 1969 Frank comments to someone on his ham radio that he can talk to people that he normally would not be able to because of the flare.In 1999 - days before the 30th anniversary of Frank 's death - John 's friend Gordo finds the ham radio and they plug it in . Soon John is talking to someone on the radio.This movie is about the relationship between a father and son that spans time and death.After several conversations John realizes that he is actually talking to his dad-and he warns him about the fire that kills him-not realizing that by doing that it will change the past in ways neither of them can imagine.One way was the nightingale murderer . In the first history he only killed 3 women , but after Frank survives it turned out he killed many more . Frank and John work as a team to try to catch the guy who did it and try to save the women who died.All in all a great-feel good movie
 The acting & directing could have stepped it up a notch but I 'm still giving it 5 stars because it is one of the most creative screenplays I 've ever seen without forcing the audience to suspend their disbelief too much . Twisted plot which is very entertaining . Highly recommend .
 Neither John or his father Frank can believe it at first when they are communicating over ham radio . It is 1999 , and Frank died fighting a fire in 1969 . But we believe it . The charm of Frequency is that the relationship between the two -LRB- Frank is Dennis Quaid and John Jim Cazaviel -RRB- is so strong , the time travel seems almost plausible . As soon as they establish that they are indeed in touch -- they use plays of the Mets '69 World Series to verify - both take advantage
 I saw this movie years ago , with a date . This movie is about a young teenage boy who lived without a Father . All he knew was that his Father was murdered . Later , he accidently discovers a way to go through time , by sports . This is how he discovers his Fathers killer . At the end of this movie , even my date was crying . That is how good this movie is .
 It is a feel good movie . As a licensed amateur radio operator I saw afew flaws , but enjoyed the movie . I missed parts of it when it was on television , so I bought my own copy .
 I 'm not sure what determines which movie will be a blockbuster success , and which one will go almost unnoticed . This one should have been a blockbuster in the theaters . I had seen it on television , and asked for the DVD for Christmas . The writing is brilliant , and the action and unfolding relationship stories will keep you on the edge of your seat . It 's a father-son love story , it 's a murder mystery , it 's a time travel sort of bump in the universe . I wo n't give away the ending , but it still gives me goosebumps . I highly recommend this movie .
 Looks like everybody enjoyed this film . Totally implausible but fun to the max . Dennis Quaid warm , comfortable , charming , as usual . Loved it !
 received package in a very timely manner and it was exactly as stated . thanks
 THIS MOVIE HAD ME AT THE EDGE OF MY SEAT !!!!!! THIS MOVIE WILL LEAVE YOU IN SUSPENSE !! I NEVER HAD A MOVIE TO MAKE ME REALLY VALUE MY SURRONDINGSLIKE THIS MOVIE !!! AS SOON AS I SEEN IT I WENT TO AMAZON TO BUY THE PRICE WAS A PLUS !!!! MY FAMILY AND I WILL BE WATCHING THIS MOVIE TOGETHERI FIRST SAW IT ON STARZ CHANNEL . I WILL ALSO BE BUYING THIS MOVIE FOR ACHRISTMAS GIFT FOR A RELATIVE THAT LOVES THRILLER MOVIES.I CANT SAY ENOUGH ABOUT THIS MOVIE !!!! I WISH I COULD GIVE IT 10 STARS I WOULD HAVE PAID 20.00 FOR IT EASY .
 This was a great movie . I recomend this to anyone who has not seen this movie yet . This quite easily one of Denis Quaid 's best movies . It had a good combination of action , suspence , and Drama . Its starts off as kind of a Sci-fi thriller but it turns out to be so much more . It is a must see film .
 I 'm glad to see that this DVD is selling well -LRB- it 's # 52 as I write this -RRB- because it deserves to . This is simply one of the best films I have ever seen . If you can , watch it alone or with others who are serious about watching movies , 'cause you have to pay attention . If you do I think you will find yourself fully engrossed and emotionally involved . It has elements of mystery , sci-fi fantasy and drama , and great performances by Quaid , et al. . It explores a familiar theme -- i.e. what would be the consequences of changing the past , but with a unique twist I think.The DVD has some nice extras , including a look at the special effects and some other things that tie in with the subject matter , and also one of those oh-so-cool full-motion scene menus -LRB- like The Matrix -RRB- , but the main attraction in this package is definitely the feature .
 Few movies can truly touch an emotional cord in one 's life ... especially one involving the relationship between a father and a son.Frequency is not only a movie that explores a deep emotional relationship between a father and son , but suprisingly it is a movie that contains an action packed plot that will keep you on the edge of your seat.I not only highly recommend this movie to all who all willing to watch , but even more so I suggest that fathers and sons watch it together . Doing so can truly foster an unforgettable emotional experience between the two.It did for me ...
 I 'll keep this review short . Overlook the few loopholes that are in the plot . I 'm not going to point them out because that 's petty . This is a very suspenseful movie that will keep you on the edge of your seat throughout . It might also raise a lump or two in your throat . Lost opportunities and second chances is what this story is all about . And it does do a very good job handling the many pitfalls that can arise in a time travel story . It 's well worth ones time to watch this movie . It 's good to see a science fiction story that keeps it 's sense of humanity . The special effects and hardware are not only secondary they 're almost non-exsistent . Great movie .
 This has got to be the best movie I 've ever seen . Great acting , nice storyline . Buy it and you wo n't regret it .
 This movie had the best storyline in the world and I really enjoyed it !! BUT i warn you if you have a short attention span and do n't pay attention that well than do n't watch it , it gets very confusing .
 Frequency is a very good movie . It 's entertaining and suspenseful the entire way through . The actings great and the story 's even better.I 'll admit that the beginning of the film starts off kind of slow . They really try to develope the characters in a great way . There are a few moments were I wonder why it was n't edited better . After the first 40 minutes the movie really picks up and it does n't stop until the end.Quaid gives the performance of his career . Caviezel puts on an excellent show in his role . Andre Braugher gives an outstanding performance also . There were a few weak performances , but not many.It 's a great story . One that really draws you in each second you watch . Definitely worth a rent or buy .
 I like family-love movie very much . From the view point of a father , this movie is excellent . In the movie Frank saved his son , John , who was just murdered , at the last scene . I was moved by the great love of a father . Probably I would n't show my love to my sons as much as Frank . In Japan mothers usually take care of children and fathers are n't good at showing their love to family members . So a father tends to be isolated from his family . Of course I am always concerned about my family . But I do n't tell them my concerns directly . So my affections are n't handed to them.I think Frank is a father of fathers . I try to imitate Frank . The movie tells me an important role of a father .
 Considering watching movies to be a waste of time , I very nearly missed this . Mom brought Frequency home from the library one day and told me that it dealt with time travel , with a present person 's disruption of the past . `` Oh , how original , ha , ha , '' I thought . Nevertheless , I decided that it could not hurt to watch the beginning , and , after seeing the awe-inspiring auroral activity and hearing it explained in relation to string theory , I thought I 'd stick around to see where this film was going . Boy , was I glad I did ... First of all , no time travel , at least in the popularly accepted sense , actually occurs ; that is , every character remains in his appropriate time . To be accurate , it is a movie about the synchronism of two plotscapes 30 years distant . As the interact , small changes in the earlier result in a myriad of variations in the later and the intervening decades . I believe that Frequency 's theory is valid insofar as events we assume to occur chronologically are actually , if they could be seen from a higher-dimensional perspective -LRB- i.e. that of God , certainly incomprehensible to humans ! -RRB- , synchronous . -LRB- This is much closer to the view presented in Slaughterhouse 5 , though Frequency still relates . -RRB- In fact , I accept the idea that given the right circumstances -- perhaps a large-scale magnetic storm would play a role -- communication between these different times may be possible . However , I also believe that all of time was created with all of space , and that , just as a line stretches out within a plane , everything that has happened and will happen is immutably laid out within this third temporal dimension . Thus , even if inter-time communication were to take place , all of future and past would remain unchanged , for the effects of this interaction have already been ingrained into the grand scheme of time . -LRB- On a side note , yes , this does entail predestination ; no , that neither precludes free-will nor excuses laziness -- but that is another essay in itself . -RRB- Unfortunately , this theory does not lend itself well to film.Well , enough of my philosophical musings . I do hope that this movie will immerse you in such abstruse , mindbending ruminations -- and then if anyone ever tells you that you can not stimulate your mind while staring into a television screen , gainsay them with one word
 This is one of those movies that surprised both me and my wife in a very pleasant way.Dennis Quaid and James Caviezel are father and son seperated by the father 's death some 30 years earlier . Through a freak solar and atmospheric occurence , they are able to communicate through time via the father 's short-wave radio.Seeing the father with his son , as a 6-year old , in 1969 and their interaction 30 years later , is wonderful to watch . What starts as a touching reunion turns into a taut thriller as the son realizes that his interaction with his father has caused tragic and unexpected results.The question that comes to mind is this . If you could save a loved one , would you do it if the result meant things about your life -LRB- or other people 's -RRB- might change , for better or worse?Dennis Quaid plays the working class , NY fireman as both loving and a bit hard-nosed . James Caviezel is great to watch as the son who has grown into a man who is not what he or his father envisioned , but who has a chance to redeem himself . If you have children , many of the situations will tug at your heart , but this movie is not pandering to your base emotions . It shows the paths that each life takes based on decisions and fate and makes you think about what is in store for each of us.Some plot issues are glossed over a bit , but they do not interfere with the enjoyment of the film . The setting in the middle-class New York neighborhood gives a nice feel to the film and it is nice to see a movie that can show gritty realism and heart-warming interaction in the same two hours.The video transfer of this DVD is very good and the audio will have you looking over your shoulder if you have a surround sound system . There are quite a few extras to sift through as well.Load this disc , sit back in a comfy chair and be entertained .
 This one had me on the edge of my seat ! I wanted to talk , laugh , and cry with the movie , but could n't - I was on an airplane ! I 've been waiting for this to come out on video so I could get my husband and son to see it . One of the best movies I 've seen in a long time . If you have n't seen it - BUY THE VIDEO OR DVD !!!
 Voices travelling across time , murder mystery , father and son reunions , aurora borealous ... if you are willing to forgive the cheese that comes with this ham radio , you 'll have yourself a fine time.Frequency is n't the most original thing I have ever seen - it uses a variety of pretty average themes , but pulls them altogether in an interesting way that makes the movie much less predictable and even excitingThough the father-son meeting across the time barrier is not the newest idea -LRB- but still a pretty cool one -RRB- , the usage of these two characters to solve murders of the past so that they can find the murderer in the present to stop him in the past -LRB- I know it sounds kind of confusing , but it is extremely well communicated throughout the story -RRB- is interesting and suspenseful . And the story moves nicely throughout the movie , with few dull spots . However , when dealing with the heart-tugging subject of a father and son who meet under extraordinary circumstance , you have to expect some sappy and cheesy moments . The less sentimental will laugh at the corniness , but the scenes are undoubtedly moving for all around me I could hear the sniffles of grown men and women alike.Dennis Quaid and James Caviezel are adorable together as the father and son crime solvers that tug on your heart strings , evoking compassion from the audience even in their weaker moments . The supporting cast is one to be commended , for they are full of flavor and humanity and deliver some choice lines . All together , a strong cast that livens up and adds character to a potentially tired story.While this is not the most original movie to come out this year , it is still a good watch . There is enough drama to keep you emotionally invovled , and enough suspense to make me frightened when I walked home at night ... But I 'll warn you that if you have an aversion to pure sentimental cheese , leave before the Garth Brooks song starts and the credits begin to role .
 This is my favorite movie , tears not withstanding . This is the only DVD I actually bought to own .
 This is a thriller that keeps moving very very fast and weaves the complexities of two parallel time lines quite well . Viewers have to follow this and keep track of all the cause and effects but it works . Frequency is an interesting take on all the `` what ifs '' of life - sometimes we get so addicted to the idea that the other ending would have been better . When in fact , changing the past , present , or future ... may be worse ! In the end , maybe everything that does happen is in fact - perfect despite how painstaking it is .
